===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal Q1 2025 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. You may be placed into the question queue at any time by pressing star one on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Dre Schreiber of Fastenal. Please go ahead, Dre.
Dre Schreiber: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2025 First quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Watts, our President and Chief Sales Officer, and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour. We'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of this webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2025, at midnight central time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from these anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our Q1 earnings call. As you can see from the flip book on page three, Bob Kierlin, our founder, passed away on February 10th. He was 85 years of age. I thought I'd open with a few thoughts on Bob, if you'd indulge me. Bob was born in June of 1939 in Winona, Minnesota. It's a town of about 25,000 people in Southeastern Minnesota, on the banks of the western banks of the Mississippi River. His first memory as a child was a World War II victory parade going across the interstate bridge coming into Winona. In his obituary, it said Bob's compass was a true north with a belief in people, free minds, and free markets. He indiscriminately respected others, seeing the best in everyone, without desiring reciprocation himself. I had the good fortune. I knew Bob for just over thirty years. I met him in the second quarter of 1994. And I had a number of cross-country road trips. Bob preferred to travel by van and visit fast food locations. I remember my first trip with him. We left on a Sunday morning at about seven o'clock. We drove to Denver, visited some locations, met some investors. We drove to Salt Lake City, we drove to Vegas, we drove to LA, San Francisco, Rock Springs, Wyoming, and made our way back to Winona on Friday evening. In that, I learned how well-read Bob was. And one thing I observed over the years is there was not a day when Bob Kierlin did not read The Wall Street Journal from cover to cover. I thought it appropriate based on my travels with him that in his obituary, it said Bob's sense of humor was kindled from old Mad magazines and Bob and Ray comedy shows, which I might be older than most of the folks at Fastenal. I'm not sure what that is. Steve Martin and Bob Newhart. I do know the latter two, and I do know the Mad magazine reference. About sixty years ago, Bob convinced four friends to invest in a vending company selling nuts and bolts. The idea didn't work. But after calling on customers, understanding what they needed as far as helping in their supply chain needs with fasteners, he went with plan B. And that's the organization you know today and that the investing public first became aware of in 1987 when we went public. So forty years after our start in around 2007, 2008 time frame, we revisited Bob's vending idea. Today, about 25% of our revenue goes through a vending machine. And we've added a lot of other technologies to that since. If you look at our broadly defined FMI or Fastenal managed inventory, which is really point-of-use technologies that we've deployed, over 43% of our revenue today goes through some type of technology platform. There have been a number of articles written on Bob over the years and recently. I remember the first one after a trip I'd done with Bob. He was regarded as frugal, the cheapest CEO in America. The fact that he shares hotel rooms with other Fastenal employees when he travels. On all my trips with Bob, I shared a hotel room. And he wore used suits. And they painted somewhat of a character about Bob. I think in many ways, they missed the point. So what our flip book includes is an excerpt from a book Bob wrote in the late 1990s titled "The Power of Fastenal People." He talked about philosophy on leadership within your organization. He had ten rules about leadership he had coined over the years. I'm sharing that with our folks on the call today, whether that be shareholders, analysts, employees of Fastenal, others, in hopes that more of society can capture some of the ideas that Bob shared with us. I was very blessed to have met Bob, as I said, thirty years ago. Like many others at Fastenal, he changed the course of my life. For me, the ones that stand out particularly when I think of Bob is the first rule about challenge rather than control. Treating everyone as your equal, see the unique humanness in all persons, let people learn. We've tweaked that a little bit to challenge people to learn and ask them to consider changing when they learn something new. And then finally, remember how little you know. We have a lot of tenure within Fastenal. A lot of people choose to start their career young with Fastenal and spend their career here. Whether you've been here five years or thirty years, you always have things to learn. Bob carried that mantra through his entire life and will be sorely missed. I was personally blessed in that a couple of weeks before he passed away, I had a nice visit with Bob. We served on the board of another organization together. We had a nice conversation afterward, and he is sorely missed in the organization and in the community at large. Thanks, Bob. Looking to page four, some thoughts on the quarter. From a quarterly perspective, our sales grew about 3.5%. We had one less day, so our daily growth grew about 5%. The marketplace we operate in is still sluggish. I deem what's happening in our growth as mostly self-help. Things that we're doing from an execution standpoint, and there's an element of comps in there too. But it's mostly self-help. I make that comment when I look at the sequential patterns of our business. Because that's about how we're executing, new customer relationships we're creating, and expansion of existing customer relationships that we're creating. We're executing at a very high level. When I think of the changes we made two, two and a half years ago within the organization, as we came through COVID, we had drifted apart a little bit. We weren't as focused on a common goal as we should have been. As travel resumed, we saw signs of that, and we made leadership changes in our sales side of the organization. Everybody has been in their roles now a couple of years, and you're really seeing a gel. It's shining through in our numbers. The quarter's a little odd to look at if you think about it from a monthly perspective. But don't be misled by that either. January was a bit understated because of weather. March is a bit overstated because of the timing of Easter. I don't know if Holden will agree to my number here, but I estimate about 2-2.5% of the growth in March is a bit about Good Friday being in April. But regardless of that, even if you adjust for the weather in January and you adjust for the Easter timing in March, the sequential pattern is quite strong. It's strong in all of our geographies, which is really good to see. Again, I deem that to be about what Fastenal's doing engaging with the marketplace rather than what the marketplace is asking us to help with because of their business patterns because it's still sluggish. As is typical of April, we held our customer expo. A few of us actually traveled back yesterday. The expo finished on Wednesday evening and flew back on Thursday morning. We had similar what we witnessed in 2024, record attendance by customers at the event. Last year surprised us a bit because coming out of COVID, the first two years in 2022 and 2023 that we had the show, it was a very subdued event because a lot of organizations either weren't traveling yet or they were doing limited traveling, and it was so difficult to travel internationally that we weren't getting international folks. So folks weren't coming from Canada or up from Mexico for the event. This year, I can tell you firsthand that we had a record number of attendees from our business unit in Mexico because I had the opportunity to speak to a large group that was gathered, and it was exciting to see the types of questions they were asking about and the way they were approaching the relationship. The other thing, and I'll probably touch on this a couple of times through my commentary, it was a unique week because in talking to various groups, the one thing there wasn't a lot of discussion on was tariffs. That's not to say it didn't come up. But the way we address the conversation in every group I talked to, there were a few sessions we had where it was a Q&A, and Bill Dyer has Dresskowski was the moderator. He led off with a question on tariffs, and he pointed it at me each time. What I really impressed upon our customers is the way a supply chain partner approaches any kind of chaos. I shared some stories about the lead-up to COVID, the vetting of suppliers that we did for safety products before the world got weird, and how that put us in a position to be a better supply chain partner. The tactical decisions we made to go out and buy inventory, to get ahead of the onslaught of everybody else because of the strength of our balance sheet and our financial resources. A lot of that attributed to things we do, but really the foundation that Bob Kierlin laid many years ago in priorities in an organization and what you do with cash. But what I can tell you is we shared with them the tactics we're taking right now. In some cases, fattening our balance sheet a little bit, it doesn't solve any issue other than it gives you time to have options. We talked about products we're bringing directly into Canada and Mexico that we would have brought to the United States before because some of the new tariffs are not eligible for duty drawback. While it might be more expensive to bring it directly into that market, from a logistics perspective, it's a lot less expensive than a tariff that gets layered on top of maybe a tariff going into Canada or Mexico as well. We're being very thoughtful about that because about 15% of our revenue is in Canada or Mexico. From the standpoint of the U.S. and all markets, we talked a lot about how we've changed our sourcing patterns in the last five years. On diversifying where we're sourcing from, to provide a better supply chain, but we also talked about the fact that when we diversify our sourcing practices, we don't just play whack-a-mole and try to avoid a problem. We try to improve the supply chain in every step we take. We try to be relevant to the new manufacturing partners we join with, regardless of where they're located. In that, we're a top one, two, three, four, five customer with that manufacturer. Because if you're a significant customer to a manufacturer, and they get tied on capacity, or they need to expand their capacity, they're gonna help their largest partners first. They're prioritizing their efforts. The fact that they know we have financial resources to match with dollars what our commitments are, we often get in line ahead of everybody else. That serves our customers in the marketplace really well. We've added a bunch of customer site information to our disclosures this quarter. Three years' worth of history. We had a recent investor day where we talked about it. We touched on it in our January earnings call to really give better visibility to some of the strategies we have deployed and are deploying to broaden the size of our market opportunity. When I think of stepping into this role a decade ago, one of the points I've made to our board was coming from my old role, I had the advantage of I'd studied the numbers of Fastenal for years. I'd had a lot of conversations with our regional leaders over the years. So I understood maybe better how they thought about things. Where they discovered success, there were a few people for me that stood out that had been very successful in their business. When I think of our business in Minnesota and Wisconsin, I took a lot of stuff out of that playbook. When I think about our regional leaders, the two Millers, Randy who led our business down in Indianapolis and Casey who led our business down what we referred to as the Southeast Central at the time, which was Kentucky and Tennessee. Our team in Mexico, our team in international more broadly. Jeff Watts at the time had a lot of discussions to really understand their tactics for growing. Because they had consistently discovered success maybe sometimes when others hadn't. Bob Hopper is another one on that list where I'd touch with and he covered our Florida market. Incredible success. You learn and you ask people, how are you doing it? What I shared with the board is our most successful regions have a great key account program. If you put me in this role, I'm gonna drive the business towards where they're discovering success. Because I think it broadens the market for Fastenal, but we have to lower our cost structure to go after that kind of business. I'm pleased to say we've done that. You see the success that shines through in some of those customer site information statistics. Finally, on page four, we increased our dividend from $0.43 to $0.44 and it's a dumb reason. I'll give you a little historical perspective. In 2003, our sales, total sales, we needed 10.5% growth to break a billion that year. We came in at 9.9. We reported $995 million in sales. That was cool. But a billion plus would have been neater. But we can't change our sales. We can influence that by activities, but we can't change it. At least not legally. In 2018, our operating income came, we needed 13.4% growth to break a billion dollars that year. We only got 13.3. We came in at $999.2 million of operating income. We can't change that one either. Holden did get a dirty look from me, but we can't change that one. But we can change our dividend. So in the first quarter, we paid out $246 million and I looked at Holden. I said, we bumped that up a penny. If our board goes along with it and we continue this dividend through the year, we'll break a billion in dividend for the first time. Some reason sorry about that, flipping to page five. FMI, we continue to execute at a high level there. Given the comment I just made about dividend, I'd feel a lot better if we had 130,000 devices, not 129,996, but I'm gonna round it and say we have 130,000 devices deployed in 25 countries. Our device count grew 12.5%. When you look at our safety sales growth of almost 10% March, that's about execution and FMI and our vending more generally, but FMI more broadly. Going down the page, digital footprint. 61% of total sales versus 59% and 54% one and two years ago. Our goal remains in October, 66% to 68% of sales is going through digital footprint. And that's what we're working towards. And then, again, the customer site data, success in our 10k plus sites. And what that means is you this is a customer. It's a building. It's a campus. Where we provide more than $10,000 a month in product. And services. A subset of that is what we call on-site like customer sites, and that's where we do more than $50,000 a month with that customer. That group grew 7%. So that's about executing and engaging with customers at a high level. There's one category that you'll see that that that doesn't shine so strongly, and that's our under 5k, and it's really our under 2k. A subset of that. And if you're on our e-commerce team right now or if you're in IT, if you're in supply chain, you're getting a lot of pressure and dirty looks from Dan right now because we need to get better at the e-commerce side. We solved the problem with that group not by adding resources and sales teams to go after $500 and $800 a month customers. We want those customers. That marketplace has chosen to buy more in the online channels, and that accelerated during COVID. We're not great at that piece of the business. We're great at a lot of things. That's not on the list, but we can be. And the reason that matters is when you look at through some of the customer site data, I believe a great e-commerce platform enhances our ability to be successful in all groups, because I believe there's probably a 20% lift in and this is just this is the belief. This is not based on any data. I believe there can be a 20% lift in every category. If we have a great e-commerce strategy. Because there's random MRO spend we don't necessarily get even when we have a great relationship with that customer. Because some department in that organization might find it easier to order somewhere else. We need to get better at that. I'll shut up now and flip it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Alright. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Before digging into the results for what will be my final call, I did want to mention a few things. First to Dan, who nearly nine years ago, based on the response of many of the people on this call, took a chance on a relatively unorthodox hire. It's been an unbelievable experience working with a great leader and I sure have enjoyed being your partner in this. To the entire Blue team, I know I got this opportunity in part because of my outsider's perspective, but at the same time, you all have challenged me to earn your trust and respect, and you deserve that. I've tried to do that for nine years, but it wouldn't have been possible if not for your passion for learning, teaching, and collaboration that's the foundation of our culture. So I've surely enjoyed being your CFO, and I couldn't ask for 24,000 better friends. And to our investors, you probably don't realize how often I've actually used your observations, perspectives, and questions in my own work here. And for that, I thank you. I hope I've been able to provide a deep and differentiated view into our business. I could go on, but if I do, I suspect the music will start why don't I just jump into slide six? Sales in the first quarter of 2025 were up 3.4% with daily sales up 5%. That's our strongest daily sales rate since the second quarter of 2023. Feedback from regional leadership continues to reflect sluggish end market demand despite generally favorable outlooks. Customer tone did seem to shift from the steady improvement we've seen since the election to plateauing as trade policy created some caution. Notwithstanding this uncertainty, we did not discern any meaningful pre-buying ahead of tariffs. In the absence of much external help, the improvement in our DSR reflects two other variables. First, even as the market has stabilized, our comparisons have gotten easier, particularly in the cyclical parts of our business. This factor helped produce our first quarter of growth for fasteners since the first quarter of 2023, an acceleration in manufacturing end markets. Second, contributions from our strong contract signings over the past two years. We continue to experience a healthy pace and mix of signings in the first quarter of 2025, and our count of national, regional, and government contracts has grown at a double-digit rate for twelve consecutive months. Now the monthly cadence during the quarter warrants some discussion. I feel like Dan covered much of that. So I agree with his numbers about the impact of Good Friday having fallen in March of last year. What I will say is the quarterly daily sales rate growth is a fair representation of our performance and we did see accelerations through the period. It was a solid self-help driven result in a soft market. But even so, as you interpret our results, please take stock of the discrete factors that affected each period. The pricing outlook also warrants some discussion. Year to date, significant tariffs have been applied to products from China as well as steel, including derivative products like fasteners on a global basis. We continue our long-term trend of diversifying our supply chain where possible, questioning the size and timing of our suppliers' pricing actions, and we have added some inventory to our own balance sheet. That said, supply chains have gotten more expensive, and a part of our response over time will be incremental pricing. We have been proactively engaging with our customers for several months and in April, we took our first actions, which we believe will contribute 3% to 4% of price in the second quarter of 2025 with the potential for that to double in the second half of 2025. Depending on the pace and execution of our actions. We have taken no actions on the deferred portions of their cyclical tariff but may need to should those ultimately go into force. We are encouraged by the easier comparisons, the improved sentiment, and particularly our internal momentum. That said, we have limited visibility and share our customers' uncertainty over how current trade policy may impact demand over the course of 2025. However, Fastenal has historically been able to win market share during periods of disruption on the strength of our nimble sales force, our frugal and adaptive culture, and the weight of the technologies and global supply chain resource we can apply to finding solutions to customer challenges. It is our expectation in the current environment. Now to slide seven. Operating margin in the first quarter of 2025 was 20.1%, down 50 basis points year to year. We had one less selling day in the period versus the first quarter of 2024 which is worth roughly $31.5 million in sales. Had the first quarters of 2024 and 2025 had the same number of selling days, we would likely have leveraged SG&A our operating margin would have been down a more measured 10 to 20 basis points. Gross margin in the first quarter of 2025 was 45.1% down 40 bps from the year-ago period. Product and customer mix was the usual contributor. We also saw higher costs from third-party freight providers which both coming against relatively flat freight revenue. Price cost was neutral in the period. We anticipate easier gross margin comparisons in the latter half of the year, so our effectiveness managing price cost and the degree of macro improvement will influence this scenario. SG&A was 25% of sales in the first quarter of 2025 up from 24.9% in the year-ago period. As described above, we believe we would have leveraged in the period had the current and year-ago quarters had the same number of selling days. All major cost categories either leverage or deleverage very modestly with none standing out. We continue to manage cost effectively. Total SG&A expenses were up 3.6% year to year consistent with what has been a stable 2% to 4% rate of increase over the last nine quarters. We continue to invest in key areas of our business to support growth while managing other costs more tightly to reflect the sluggish business conditions. Putting it all together, we reported first quarter 2025 EPS of $0.52 flat with the first quarter of 2024. Now turning to slide eight. We generated $262 million in operating cash in the first quarter of 2025 or 88% of net income. This is a lower conversion rate than we might typically achieve in a first quarter, reflecting our current investment working capital. Otherwise, we remain comfortable with the cash generation of our model and continue to carry a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with quarter-end debt being 5.1% of total capital. Accounts receivable were up 5.4% reflecting sales growth, relatively faster growth to larger customers that tend to carry longer terms, and an uptick in quarter-end deferred payments from our customers. Inventories were up 11.9% not different than the preceding quarter. We have increased inventory as part of our effort to improve product availability in our in-market locations and improve picking efficiencies in our hubs. We have added stock to support customer growth, including mix expected incremental growth in the warehousing space, and we accelerated some inventory scheduled for future delivery in the current periods ahead of potential tariffs. Inventory growth may remain elevated in 2025 as we continue to navigate tariffs and as more inflation builds in inventory. Accounts payable were up 23.9% reflecting the increase in inventories and the timing of payments. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2025 was $53.8 million, up from $48.3 million in the first quarter of 2024. This increase is consistent with our expectations for the full year. We anticipate capital spending in a range of $265 million to $285 million up from $214 million in 2024. This increase is from higher FMI device spending in anticipation of higher signings, higher IT spend, which includes projects aimed at developing additional digital capabilities, and distribution center outlays to reflect spending on our Utah and Atlanta hubs and automated picking additions across our hub network. With that operator, we'll turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Our first question is coming from David Manthey from Baird. Your line is now live.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning everyone and Holden, thanks for everything, and best of luck.
Holden Lewis: Thank you. Good morning. Good morning, Dave.
David Manthey: Morning. So your customers may not be talking about tariffs, but that's all we talk about here on Wall Street, so I'll start there. If you could just, Dan, maybe talk about the 145%. I don't know how realistic that is, but if that type of tariff is actually implemented even for a short period of time, are your customer contracts set to absorb the timing and magnitude of that kind of increase? And just any other thoughts you have around if that should transpire.
Dan Florness: Yeah. So you're talking about specifically the China non-steel tariff. Because for us, because the China steel is with all the recent noise, is a total of 70%. But 45 of that is new. But going to your question, do our contracts have this capability to adjust pricing? Yes. The question you have to look at is what optionality do you have as far as alternative sourcing? Because if we move steel-based product out of China, there's the 25% section 232 that's on steel and metal products, essentially. But it changes quite dramatically because you don't have the other duties that have been put in place both back in 2018 and earlier this year. So it becomes an optionality. And so most of our discussions with customers are frankly on optionality and things we're doing. But our contracts do allow for that. You have to then ask yourself what demand gets destroyed. But keep in mind, for most of our customers, every dollar they spend with us, they're probably spending ten dollars somewhere else. Whether that be products if it's in an OEM setting product, they're directly sourcing. So you have to look at it and say what business has become not economical. When you have that type of steel-based tariffs. From a non-steel where the actual total duty is 170%, of which 145 is new with all the pieces that have been added in. Again, same pattern. But there are in many cases, some optionality. Again, for how you can direct the spend. Depending on the willingness of the customer and the availability of alternatives. The other wildcard and the piece that we have no control over is a lot of products that we source are branded products that are coming from suppliers in-country. That are having product manufactured with their name on it somewhere else on the planet. And the question is, what their ability is to change sourcing. And to manage through it. But, Dave, getting back to your question, we do have the ability to raise prices. And probably the only other thing that I would probably add to that is the ability includes not only the contract terms, but frankly, I think at the customer expo, a lot of the discussion was about visibility. Clarity, certainty, and the fact that we have direct sourcing capabilities gives us a degree of knowledge about what's happening, sort of, in the source markets that's a lot of our competitors, frankly, might be buying from master distributors may not have the same visibility. The pricing review tool that we developed in 2018 in response to that round of tariffs provides a tremendous amount of granularity to our customers. And so you're starting off and your opening conversation is very detailed about the whys and the whats and the wheres. You never say this is an easy conversation and the order of magnitude is somewhat something we haven't navigated before. But we start off in a much stronger position because of the capabilities we've created to communicate effectively. But, Dave, you know where a lot of the conversations went with customers was actually to tactics that we're taking because we're very transparent with our customer of things we're doing and have done because we've been modifying our sourcing teams quite dramatically. Like, if you go back to, you know, 2019, the year before COVID hit and, you know, right after the tariffs, if I look at other sourcing we have in Asia, for example, our teams outside of China are ten times larger today sourcing teams. Now that's working off a pretty small base. Than they were in 2019. Because we wanted to move the way you move faster is you get closer to the manufacturer. But a lot of discussions with customers I know we're taking this question in a lot of tangents in our answer, but hopefully, it's answered maybe some other questions that might be out there. Is sharing those tactics with our customers. Because in some cases, they're searching for answers too. Because they have to solve the other nine dollars to spend for every dollar they have with Fastenal. Where they're sourcing directly, and in some cases, we might help them find some manufacturing capability. That's what a supply chain partner does. And I believe we're poised to be more successful in this type of environment just like we were during COVID and the reemergence of the global economy after COVID. Because we sourced in so many places. And we know our customers on a first-name basis locally. And a lot of that sourcing is done locally too.
Holden Lewis: And perhaps the last piece of that, I would say, talking to Bill Draskowski who heads up national accounts, you know, he said that where the dialogue went at the show, was much more about show me the math so I can understand what's happening, and then don't shut me down. And that seemed to be the mindset of our partners and customers at the show. Around this.
David Manthey: That's very helpful. Usually, the analyst asks four questions. This time, I asked one and got four answers. So I'll pass it on. Thanks a lot, guys.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Dave.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Good morning, everybody. I'll I guess I'll ask the next one here. How do you I mean, the magnitude of these increases is pretty unprecedented. Do you try to sort of smooth this out for your customers, or does it just become very no. I hope we're still here. Yeah.
Dan Florness: Kevin, can you hear us?
Operator: You are. Yes, please proceed. The question
Dan Florness: The question cut off there. That's why I was wondering. As Holden mentioned, we do so much direct sourcing because of our scale of operation. It gives us much more visibility to communicate with our customer and inventory so it allows you to step into things in a different way because we don't want our goal here isn't to profit on the inventory on the shelf. Our goal profit because of tariffs. Inventory on the shelf. Let me rephrase that. Our goal is with that natural hedge how can we use that to our customer's advantage as we manage through this? And it gives us time for some optionality on certain products in some cases. When the tariff situation is changing daily, in fact, this was every week starting February 10th, Kevin Fitzgerald and our team that provide communication to the field and guidance to the field. We've been putting out an updated video. In fact, there was just a new one that came up this morning. Because it's been a moving target. Even during the course of our conversations, numbers were moving around because the week started and ended in two different places. There's no way to cushion a 145% tariff. There's no math that you can make that work. The question is what optionality you have because a non-steel product if we source it out of Taiwan, the map changes from a 145% new tariff to ten. Or if we source it in other places in Asia or other places around the world, then the number goes to ten. But it might be 30% more expensive. Or more. Depending on their ability to produce it and to produce it in a chaotic environment where there's a lot of change going on. But there is no silver bullet that will cause something where you have a tariff that was declared on Wednesday or Thursday. Wednesday, I guess it was. That's 145%. That's just math. We do try to align the timing of the costing hitting our cogs in terms of thinking about how we're going to affect pricing. So when you talk about smoothing it, we try to align with where the market is. The one thing I would point out though, I think everyone's aware that we have turns about two and a half times. As it relates to this matter, once something actually hits the US shores, our turns are obviously much faster with all of our products. Right? In the case of tariffs, when those go in, it's really only a couple of few months before the costing is beginning to catch up with the P&L. That's why when you think about the cadence of tariff conversations are really heavy in February and March, and we took our first steps in April even though we have a very long supply chain with two and a half turns, that was because tariffs begin to hit much faster than generalized inflation. So to Dan's point, we aren't timing this to pull margin in ahead of costing. It just tariffs move through the P&L a little quicker.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ryan Cook from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Ryan Cook: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Morning.
Ryan Cook: Maybe we could spend some time on SG&A. I know you called out some elevated freight expense again within that other category that was up double digits. We just quantify that impact in this quarter and share how we should think about things trending for the rest of the year? I guess just more broadly, it does sound like you expect to be leveraging SG&A in the remaining quarters. Given you would have been there without the loss of a selling day in one Q. So just making sure, is that the correct way to be interpreting your outlook?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. On the freight, the nature of freight was different this quarter than it was last quarter. Last quarter, we had some expedited shipments that we paid for. So that's in cost of goods. Right? If you're talking freight and SG&A, you're talking more vehicles, small vehicles. Got it. Sorry. I was anticipating a different question. Yeah. On the SG&A, so we are cycling through our fleet of pickups. That pace has accelerated in the last call it six, twelve months. That's because one of the sort of afterglows of the pandemic was it took a while for the vehicle supply chain to catch up, and we had several years where we were probably not cycling as quickly as we normally would during which those things were inflating. That is continuing to move through. I think as you get into the second and fourth quarter in particular, the comps do start getting somewhat easier. I do think you have that working in your favor on the SG&A. But to your broader point, I've always argued that when we grow at a mid-single-digit rate, we spill defend the margin. I think this quarter, if we hadn't lost the day compared to last quarter or the year-ago quarter, we would've grown it at 5%. That's where our DSR was at. At that level, we were pretty close to sustaining our operating margin and would have leveraged SG&A. I think the answer to the question is it depends on what you think demand is gonna do. If you think that we're gonna grow, continue to grow at a mid or better than mid-single-digit rate, then I would expect that we should be able to leverage SG&A at that level, particularly with the way that we're managing our cost today. But volume always has a say in that. The only thing I'll add to that is and I think it was Dave Manthey that coined this a number of years ago. We talked about the shock absorbers in our system and that is we use a meaningful amount of incentive compensation. In our structure. One of the messages I had for our leadership earlier this morning was, as we're moving into the second quarter here, we did a nice job of managing expenses. Our sales growth has picked up. We expect that to continue as we move into the second, third quarter. There will be some reloading of bonus numbers because you could read our proxy and you can see it was pretty ugly for a few of us. That's not unique to the folks that are in proxy. That's throughout the organization. Folks saw a meaningful cut in their incentive comp, in 2023 and 2024. There will be some reloading of that. But that's predicated on the fact that our gross profit dollars and our pretax dollars are growing and driving that. Optically, you'd see your operating expenses growing a little bit faster, the incentive comp within labor growing a bit faster. But it's because the operating earnings are growing faster.
Ryan Cook: That makes sense?
Dan Florness: Why we always talk about an incremental margin being that 20%, 25% range because you do have that shock absorber effect, that works on both works when volume is expanding as well as when it's slower.
Ryan Cook: Great. Thanks, Dan and Holden. That's all very clear. I guess if we could just spend a quick moment on the customer sites, and thank you for the additional disclosures you've given there. I guess, maybe just how do you think about the disaggregation between manufacturing versus the nonmanufacturing locations? Should we think of the pruning opportunity as maybe more substantial on the nonmanufacturing side? Given those look to be a little bit heavier mix of the slow spend customers or anything you'd share on just how you think about the two differences there and maybe if there's any significant margin differentials to think about.
Holden Lewis: Well, I'm not sure there's a difference between manufacturing and nonmanufacturing as much as there's a difference between the services that are utilized. The reality is what we sell are supply chain solutions using a high-touch model and a lot of technology. We need customers that have the scale to take advantage of that and are willing to sort of pay for the savings and advantages that we can bring to them. Whether that's a customer in manufacturing or nonmanufacturing, to some degree is somewhat agnostic to us. When you look at the bucket information and you look at what's happened to the total customer sites in that less than 5k group, the reason that's acting the way it's acting is, in part, because we closed branches. That process is obviously stabilized, but part of the reason we've lost customers is because we closed branches. The other part is because a customer that does $500 a month with us doesn't use a lot of the tools that we can bring to bear for customer supply chains. Whereas a customer that spends 10k or more a month with us, they typically are using multiple of our solutions. When we think about manufacturing and nonmanufacturing, I don't think there's as much of a distinction there as much as there's a distinction between the size and the opportunity that exists with the customer in either of those spaces.
Dan Florness: One thing I'll add to that is on the nonmanufacturing, the manufacturing, obviously, is a more cyclical customer base to a certain degree. The nonmanufacturing includes some customer segments that we've seen enjoyed success with that aren't manufacturers, and they're businesses that are involved in warehousing and distribution. Typically supporting e-commerce models. They might be organizations that are involved in data centers. They might be organizations I've talked previously about some of the success we've enjoyed with on-sites going through the COVID period. For example, I mentioned Bob Hopper earlier. I go down and visit Bob once a year. He usually doesn't let me come to Florida in winter. I have to come in the summer. But hotels are cheaper. But when I come down to visit, invariably, I'm going to a K-12 school district where we have an on-site. Or I'm going to a boat manufacturer, one of the two. There's roughly 600 four-year state colleges, two-year technical colleges, K-12 school districts with more than 20,000 students in the United States alone. If you take that number to 10,000 plus students, that 600 goes to over 1,300. Prior to COVID, we had fewer than five on-sites. With higher ed or K-12. Coming out of COVID, it'd grown to 25. Of that 600 number, I don't know this for a fact, but we're probably sitting there with 5% of them right now. Those would be in that bucket, and that's where we found success because that group of customers found we were special during COVID. Because we can get them stuff other people couldn't get. It opened up their eyes to the potential of some of the FMI devices, the resources we can bring to their supply chain. I'm pleased to say in the last few years, we've had on-site customers that are in the final four of the basketball tournament. We're rooting them up. We have one this year as well. It's a case of that's one of the reasons to break that out. But that group is less cyclical. Given what they do. Whereas in the manufacturing, the only pieces that are less cyclical is where we have customers in manufacturing that are more in food production. Because people always eat. Might change what they eat, but they always eat.
Operator: Thank you. Next caller today is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now live.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Hey, good morning.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to follow up on a comment. I think this was from you, Holden. Just on the pricing actions that were taken in April, you quantified maybe three to four points year-over-year uplift in the second quarter that could potentially double in the second half if I heard that correctly. Is the driver there just the staggered dates of implementation for these increases, and is that just tied to the pricing and costing alignment you referenced earlier, or is there something else going on here?
Holden Lewis: Stagger timing as well as just the timing it takes to sort of implement and have conversations. Our model starts with discussions with customers. It's not just sort of flipping a switch on a website. Those conversations can take their own bearing paces, particularly when 70% of your business is in the contract realm.
Dan Florness: Can touch on a few things. That's heavily centered on fastener product, because that 25% tariff that came in on steel-based products once it was clarified, it was derivative products as well, which includes threaded fasteners because of the high steel content there. Little sarcasm. Sorry. But part of that is having conversations with our customers. Understanding what inventory we have. To support them and some of the timings that can come into play. That creates some staggering effect. Particularly on the OEM side of fasteners, and that's about two-thirds of our fastener sales.
Tommy Moll: Thank you both. I wanted to follow up with a question on gross margin. Holden, I believe it was last quarter. You said that there was a shot for flat in 2025, maybe slight decline. Any update on that outlook? It sounds like maybe not. Just given some of the price cost commentary on how you think you can defend margin percentage there, but I just wanted to ask if there was anything else you wanted to offer.
Holden Lewis: No.
Dan Florness: Don't you take that one? What's that? Care if I take that one? Be my guest. Because I look forward to hearing what you have to say. This is a philosophical thing. Historically, we've defended gross profit percentage. In fact, I had a conversation with a few of our directors yesterday on just this fact. If you look back to the 2018 time frame, we largely defended our gross margin percentage. It was a little chaotic because we didn't have the tools we have today. The degradation that you did see in gross profit over time was the earlier mentioned hard frontal attack on growing our 50k plus customers, and it was a mixed shift. That was going on both in customer mix and product mix. Those were competing with gross profit percentage. But we largely defended the percentage and but we'd be very thoughtful about what it means for our customer. Our bigger challenge to our customer right now is what optionality we can create in their business. Because defending gross profit percentage in an arena where you're talking 125, 140 I mean, whatever hell number you throw out. There, you're really working with your customer. To manage their supply chain. You're doing right by everybody, that includes employees, customers, suppliers, because we're pushing back on suppliers pretty darn hard too. And our shareholders. You're finding what the right mix is you're also trying to figure out is this a forever thing? Or is this something that's gonna be announced on Wednesday and canceled on Friday? What steps are you gonna take? You're not gonna stick your head in the sand. And pretend it's not happening. Because that's naive that's foolish. You're not gonna jump out the window either. You're gonna find some place in between and make great supply chain decisions for your customers. Our goal has always been to manage gross profit percentage. Through scenarios. Our real goal long term is to grow relationships and find discover more customers that find the Fastenal supply chain model to be special, and then with existing customers once established to grow our footprint with them, and be special for more things. That's an incredibly trusting relationship. We're gonna do right by all four constituencies I talked about. All four are gonna get pushed. As we go through this. Suppliers, customers, shareholders, and employees. I think with that kind of mix, I think our shareholders do really well investing in Fastenal over time. Because we have our head in the right place. We keep our eye on despite this quarter and beefing up our inventory, to do a number of things, strategically. We keep our eye pretty well on our cash flow operation too. I see we're at five minutes on the hour. We can take one more if it's a quick question, but in case we run out of time, I do want to reciprocate and say to Holden, for the last nine years. You brought a very unique insight to the Fastenal organization. I always used to get home and my wife would ask me, hey. How were the questions today? Or some of the pop questions. I'd always share a handful of names with some folks that would add some really really good questions. Holden is always on that list. He will be missed if that's not But if there's one more question, we'll take it.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate you squeezing me in here. I just wanted to maybe ask you, Dan, about fastener supply chains. They're very heavily tied to Asia. When we look at other industrial categories, we did see more of a shift to Mexico over the last five years. That hasn't really happened in fasteners. Just, are there contract manufacturers in Mexico that could take on some of this production? If not, any views as to why? Because when we think about a fastener the majority of the COGS are transportation and metal. So I would think that producing domestically even in the US couldn't make sense for that category. Just wondering if you had any thoughts on that and then what that could mean for Fastenal if supply chain is getting shorter.
Dan Florness: I don't have a great answer for you other than there are sources of product in North America. We source product out of Canada. But there are sources of fastener product in North America. We took a really hard look ourselves over a multiyear period of taking some of our working capital and redirecting that into fixed capital and saying, could we take some of the dollars we have on the balance sheet because we have a long supply chain? And build our own capability? We did a lot and, you know, the US has some things North America has some really key things going for it long term. The most critical one that I can think of is there's no place on the planet industrial place on the planet, that has a more reliable long-term source of stable cost energy. Than North America. Whether we choose to use it or not, that's a different question. But there is nobody with the capability industrialized area that has that capability. It does create a unique advantage. The problem was there's such scale in Asia. With faster production, with steel production, and by extension faster production. Such scale that's been created because automotive took faster manufacturing to Japan and South Korea post World War II. In the fifties and sixties. Long before we even existed. There's such scale over there. Part of the issue you have in North America and this comment includes Mexico. There isn't the same scale that's been developed as far as competitive factors. Obviously, this changes the map. The real question is, does the marketplace do the producers of fasteners believe the investment is justified but because you hear on all the talking show, like, CNBC in the morning about certainty and all this kind of junk. There is no certainty in the world. Never has been. But if it's government-mandated, that's a really weird thing for certainty because if the economics work because there's a 50% tariff, or a 25% tariff or a 75% tariff, and that tariff can go away in a day as easy as it can be created in today. Are you gonna make that investment in Mexico for scale manufacturing? You may or may not. My guess is you probably won't unless you have comfort that you can put half a billion dollars into a plant. That 25% piece will be there for the next fifteen years. Twenty years. You're not gonna do it if you think it could disappear in two. That's the challenge, but we have not found scale manufacturing capabilities to satisfy our needs. In North America.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: We've reached the end of our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Dan Florness: I already slipped in my comment on Holden and as always, thank you for participating in our call today. In future quarters, between Jeff, Cheryl, and Dan, we'll try to step into the void that Holden will create. So be patient with us. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a great day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal 2024 Annual and Q4 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta with the Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2024 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Watts, our President and Chief Sales Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and we'll start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1st, 2025 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to the Q4 Fastenal earnings call. And I'll -- if you would -- I'm going to start in the foot book on Page 3. And our business grew 3.7% in the fourth quarter, in extra day. So daily was 2.1. Frankly, a frustrating finish to a challenging year. Our business gets and loses leverage relatively quickly when our growth expands or our growth contracts. And you saw evidence of that in the quarter where we lost some leverage and EPS came in at $0.46, down about 2%. December, I think it's worthwhile to talk a little about December and then frankly, we've already moved on to 2025, but to look at December from the standpoint of it's two months going on there. The first roughly 15 days, so that when I think of, say, the Friday before Christmas. We were trending towards sales growth, daily growth. We felt would be in excess of 3%. Depending on which voice you listened to when we were comparing trends, you could have argued for 4%, but a 3% plus number. And in the last that Christmas week and then that New Year's Day week, that collapsed. And if I'm doing the math, it tells me if the first 15 days of the month were growing at 3% to 4% and you weigh that against the last five days and having all that evaporate. That means in the last five days we were probably negative somewhere between 9% and 12%. And however, we don't believe -- we believe the first part of the month is more indicative of where we are and where we're going to be in January and February than what we saw in the last area. If you look at the data of what's happening, we have a lot of anecdotal data, but I sat down on January 2nd with our vending team and I said we have something unique here that we really should understand better. And that is we have vending machines in just over 20,000 facilities on the planet. And the calendar is the calendar. And let's look at a baseline. And I asked them, we get a lot of the information that comes in and we look at it in weekly snapshots. So, Sunday to Saturday type snapshot. And I said, look at the two weeks prior to the week that Christmas touches and look at what our trends were and what our pace of business was in that time frame and then look at each week thereafter. So the week that Christmas touches, the week that New Year's touches, the first clean week of January, and the second clean week of January. So, you can really look at has -- did something different happen there? The other thing that I asked them to do is, we're fortunate with a range of customers. Obviously, industrial is our biggest component. But in the vending area, we have a meaningful customer base that represents non-manufacturing entities and a handful of those are e-commerce companies. So -- and their trends would be completely different because they're really busy around the holidays. So take out our top 10 vending customers. We did that and I said, let's analyze the rest. And -- excuse me, the top 10 non-manufacturing vending customers. So if I look at -- and then I said determine a bright line of where do you think the facility shut down. And the team came to the conclusion that if we're doing 100 transactions on average a day and that number goes to 25 or less, we're going to consider that facility is essentially shut down. And because the only people there are -- maybe there's some maintenance folks that are in there because it's a good time to do maintenance. Maybe there's a few production lines that are running because they're behind or maybe there's an area you don't shut down like heat treatment because it's too expensive to start it back up. So in 2022, about 25% of the facilities we sell into that have vending, about 25% saw the activity drop more than 75%. So they were running less than 25% abnormal. In 2023, that was 30%. In 2024, that's 35%. So, a meaningful uptick really since the economy weakened in '22, the industrial economy, we saw a meaningful uptick in each of the two years and that was accentuated this year. More telling was the week of New Year's. So the week after Christmas, 5% were shut down, 6% were shut down. This year, it's 17% were shut down. So there were a tremendous number of companies that probably shut down the day after Christmas and I don't know if they were open the Monday or Tuesday before, but the day after Christmas and they stayed shut down through January 2nd. They just said we're idling operation. And that's -- that plays very true to what we saw in our numbers. The only other item that was noteworthy is we looked also at just -- their activity is just down because if there's normally five work days in a week and you're down to four, you'd expect to be at about 80%. We did see the week after Christmas and two weeks after Christmas, a very strong increase in the number of customers that were down at least 25%. And when I look at -- so last week, that number would -- the activity had normalized as far as how many are shut down, it's about 4%. But we saw an impact of the weather in the Southeast and we don't have this week's data yet. Our anticipation is that, that normalized. And Holden will touch on a little bit of that when he looks at truck routes and things like that, that we canceled during last week. So a lot of waiting into the weeds there. I hope that made sense. My guess is a few of you will have follow-up questions for Holden on this after the call. The next piece and I'll touch -- I'll dive a little deeper when we get on Page 2, but in preparation for Investor Day, we thought wed shared some information we're going to be talking about and we're planning on Investor Day in March. And we thought we'd share a new view. So when I joined the organization back in 1996, it was all about account numbers and dollars per active. So active accounts, how many customers, how many accounts bought from you and dollars per customer and growing both of those over time. And we used to always say in a typical branch, you had 100 active accounts, 10 of those represented about 65% of sales. If you would have looked at it not as an account base, but as a customer, and what I mean by that is we might have three account numbers in a building because we're selling to the maintenance area, we're selling to the production area and we're selling maybe a second production line. So you have three account numbers to track the activity. That's one customer, but we looked at it as three accounts or three at the time. I'll touch on that in a second on Page 2. Finally, on Page 3, we raised our quarterly dividend by roughly 10%. If you annualize the dividend we just declared, it's about $1.72. We feel very confident on our ability to continue the strong cash flow generations, very indicative of our business model for many, many years. So you see a new chart here, probably an unfamiliar look to the business, but I felt the best way to address this and I'm not seeing my sheet of paper here, unfortunately, is to address a letter I did for our employees. And in that letter -- sorry I had to go back to my desk to grab it, I describe to our employees what they're looking at in this information. Some quick definitions. Each customer site is a roll-up of revenue going into a unique site from a branch or on-site. It includes everything we provide, whether it's dropped at a dock or a customer's desk, supplied via an FMI device, shipped to the facility using a third party or picked up at a Fastenal location. Each customer site also rolls together all the individual accounts our local team uses to summarize and build for the products and services we provide. The information in the slide is based on analysis of roughly 270,000 unique customer sites that we supply products into during 2024. Again, it's a simple looking graphic, but it tells a powerful story about our business. The top two buckets summarize customers that are doing more than $10,000 a month and then the subset of that they do more than $50,000. So the 10,000 plus includes about 5% of the customer sites we serve but represents about 77% of our total sales. Since 2017, revenue through these customer sites has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 14%. When I look at these customers, they really value what we bring to the marketplace and we've been incredibly successful. In 2024, there are about 13,000 customer sites in this group, again, about 5% of 270,000, which translates into about 54 sites in the average district, there's 240 districts across our business. The average customer site spends about $38,000 per month and the number of 10,000 customer sites has increased about 9% a year since 2017. Thanks to the strength of our onsite program, there is a subset of this group that has grown even faster. The customer sites were spend is at least $50,000 per month. Since 2017, revenue through this subset of customer sites has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 18%. The scale of this business changes the customer site economics. It allows us to operate more cost-effectively, hence the onsite program. This in turn expands the resources we can provide, improves the opportunity for the customer and for Fastenal. In 2024, there were 2,547 customer sites in this bucket, about 1% of the total sites we serve, which translates to about 11 customer sites in average -- in an average district. Since 2017, the number of 50,000 plus customers has grown 16% per year. So we've heavily talked about onsite acquisition. And as you see, of this 2,500, about 2,000 of them are physically in an onsite. We'll talk in March about how we intend to deemphasize onsite numbers and change it to talking about 50,000 plus customers. We believe that positions the best story of telling the business to make it clear of what we're striving to accomplish and how successful we are at that endeavor. On the lower half of the slide, there are two buckets of customer sites where we appear less successful. Here are some thoughts on these. Customer sites spending between $5,000 and $10,000 per month represent about 4% of the customer sites we serve. In 2024, there are about 10,000 customer sites in this bucket, roughly 42 in an average district. And we've added about 4% more sites per year to this bucket since 2017. This would be mediocre except for one fact. We've been incredibly successful with many of the customer sites formally in this group. In fact, many have become 10-K plus customer sites over the last seven years. This success has been driven by your efforts to introduce our supply chain, the transformational capabilities using FMI, Onsite, production parts, MRO products, and many industrial services. In fact, a sidebar here, industrial services broke $100 million in revenue for the first time in 2024. It's been great for those customers, for our employees, for our shareholders and for our suppliers. In this light, our performance isn't mediocre. However, it's not great either. That 4% CAGR should probably be upper single digits if not 10%. The final bucket of customer sites less than $5,000 per month has borne the brunt of changes in our business in the world over the past several years. A decade of strategically closing locations, COVID-19 and its impact on how customers purchase products, thank e-commerce, the removal of products from our previously stocked in our distribution centers, this we reversed in 2024. A strategic decision regarding sales time allocation and maybe some slippage in execution by the Fastenal organization. I believe the critical aspect of this group is you close a lot of locations, that customer that sees us as convenient, but not special, that business falls off. The way you make that special is you push harder on your e-commerce capabilities and what it means for unplanned spend because what that do -- does, it benefits every customer bucket you see on this page because we're more than planned spend for everything they need. Flipping to Page 5. Onsite, we signed 56 in the quarter. So we finished the year with 2031, increase of about 12% of what we saw a year ago. Customers in Onsite world grew mid-single-digits. We did see similar to what we saw in 2000, older contingents of Onsite's go negative during the year. And it's not uncommon on a call with a district manager to learn about two or three or four customers where their business is down 40%, 50%, 60%, 70% where it was a year ago. That's a sign of what the industrial economy is taking away. Our execution and our ability to take market share is a sign of how we do self-help and fight back. All told, we signed 358 Onsites in 2024. We signed 326 last year, so an increase, not at our goal, but a meaningful increase. And signings that are consistent with previous peaks in 2019 the year before COVID in 2022, the first year we came out. FMI Technology, huge aspect of the business here and strong success. We broke 100 MAU signings per day for the first time. We feel very good about how we exit the year and what that means for 2025. And in the in the fourth quarter, FMI Technology touched about 44% of our revenue versus 42% and 39% in the last two years. And we established a goal of 28,000 to 30,000 MEUs for 2025 versus the 28,000 we just signed. And Holden touches on that a bit in our CapEx expectations. E-commerce, a good story, not a great story. It grew about 28%. E-procurement where we have established customer relations continues to grow almost 40%, 37.6%. However, the e-commerce piece that contains web, we still struggle there and we're putting double down efforts into that. We realigned some teams to make that a more relevant part of our business. All told, you take eBusiness and FMI Technology, about 62% of our sales, just over 62%. I touched our digital footprint. Our goal was to get that to 63% in 2024, so just shy of that number. We -- our goal for next year is 66% to 68%. And before I turn it over to Holden, I just want to touch on a couple of things. First off, some comments that Holden made to our regional leaders and our VPs this morning. He talked about in 2024, a cost structure that was effectively managed. And one challenge I gave to the group, I believe our incremental margin will be stronger in 2025. And the challenge to them is as our momentum takes us through the year and time will tell what the economy allows that momentum to shine through as. But as our momentum takes us into 2025, there's a lot of expenses that we've been squeezing really tightly on in the last couple of years. We have to maintain that because it puts us in a position to allow for the reload of bonuses. We have a large group of folks within Fastenal that haven't seen bonuses for close to two years, year and a half at least. And we need to allow the inherent capabilities of Fastenal to reload that. And the best way to do that is to get the revenue growth, capture the gross profit, and manage our expenses incredibly well. The other thing I touched on with the group this morning was, as all of you saw, in December, Holden announced his decision to leave Fastenal effective April. I think back to when Holden joined the organization, I think back to that conversation he had with me in December when he told me, I think it was probably a hard conversation for him, at least I hope it was. And when Holden joined our organization back a number of years ago, what we were looking for in a CFO was somebody to bring in a fresh perspective, a very analytical look who could pick apart the business maybe in ways that the previous CFO didn't do, and give it a new set of eyes. And from that, I want to thank Holden for what he brought to our organization from the standpoint of a -- somebody that didn't grow up in the organization, but knew a lot about the industry and also had a keen mind towards analysis. The other thing that Holden, I think was saying to Jeff and Jeff stepped into the President role here last fall, is it allows Jeff the opportunity, Jeff Watts, the opportunity to figure out who our -- who our CFO should be for our next 10 years. What skill set are we looking for to serve the business today at close to $8 billion versus the business eight years ago at around $4 billion. And so I wish Holden well and I applaud the humility to recognize that maybe Jeff needs a different CFO in the future. And finally, before that comment sounds like Florness is out the door, I thought I'd share a conversation ahead with my kids in August. We do a family vacation every year and our kids are in their late teens or 20s now and they ask me, hey, Dad, what does it mean being CEO versus President? And I said, you ask 10 people, you get 13 different answers. Here's what it means to me. I think of the CEO side of the business as a -- as you're focused on the strategy where you're going and you're focused very keenly on what that means for people development and how the organization should position itself for what it's going to be become. Whereas the President is much more about executing what you're doing every day, every month, every quarter, every year. And -- but I said, Jeff is stepping into that President piece, but he's also stepping in -- he's training for that CEO piece. But he still has his first title and that is Chief Sales Officer. And as long as he has that title and even when he gives it up, his number one priority is how we're executing to grow the business and the part of our strategy that's about growing the business. That's his focus. When we get to 10%, we can change that focus. Anyway, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Yeah, it was a very difficult conversation, just so you know. But this has been a tremendous opportunity. I just want to make sure all investors understand. I have a unique opportunity to go try something different, but this has been -- it's been an honor to work for Fastenal and it's -- this is a great organization and a great opportunity. So jumping into Slide 6, I know what the investors want to hear is what's going on with the quarter. Sales in the fourth quarter of 2024 were up 3.7%, daily sales were up 2.1%. Daily sales growth ranged from 1.8% to 2.1% throughout the year, a consistency that makes sense in the context of a PMI that spent most of the year signaling modest contraction in manufacturing. The attributes of our sales in the fourth quarter of 2024 were similarly comparable to prior quarters. MRO-oriented products outperformed OEM-oriented products with safety up 4.8% and Fastenal is down 1.4%. Larger customers outperformed smaller customers with national accounts up 4.2% and non-national accounts down 1%. And manufacturing end markets were up 3.3%, outperforming non-manufacturing end markets, which were down 0.3%, headlined by a 4.1% decline in non-residential construction and an 11.3% decline in reseller. There is not a lot of variation in our high-level top-line trends through 2024. That said, the fourth quarter of 2024 can't be fully evaluated without addressing the cadence of activity in December. Dan made this point through vending transactions in his review. We see the same thing in daily sales to our top 100 customers, which grew low to mid single-digits in the first 15 days of December, but declined more than 20% in the final five days. While holiday-related production slowdowns occur most years, sustained marketplace weakness and the mid-week timing of Christmas and New Year's produced uncommonly sharp cuts in December of 2024. We believe that the last five business days of December swung the month from trending towards 3% plus growth to finishing flat. Now zooming back out, we remain encouraged heading into 2025. The PMI is still sub-50, underlying business activity remains slow and the start of January was impacted by New Year's and Winter Storms. The latter disrupted business activity in our Southern US regions, reflected in our needing to cancel 6% of our truck routes through January 10. On the other hand, regional leadership cites broadening post-election customer optimism for 2025. We continue to sign new business at a strong rate with our contract base growing double digits, including up 12% in December. We believe these wins are beginning to be reflected in sales. Our monthly daily sales rate exceeded the historical sequential in three of the last five months, and we believe it would have been four of the last five, but for how December finished. As we move forward, we anticipate we will see revenue from these customer signings continue to build. Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2024 was 18.9%, down 120 basis points year-to-year. Gross margin was as expected. On top of that, our SG&A dollars in the fourth quarter of 2024 were largely in line with the first three quarters of 2024 as investments in on-site staffing, technology, and data and sales travel were offset with greater control over more discretionary costs. We continue to believe we are managing costs effectively. We expected operating margin to decline due to the effects of slow growth as we've seen all year, that the deleverage was sharper in the current period than experienced in the first three quarters of 2024 reflects our seasonally lowest volume quarter and the holiday shutdown impacts. Gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2024 was 44.8%, down 70 basis points from the year-ago period, primarily from product and customer mix. We also experienced product margin pressure, which was partly offset by higher rebates reflecting year-end opportunities to assist suppliers in leaning out their inventory. The product margin pressure was largely due to shipping with higher container costs affecting fasteners and expedited shipments to warehousing customers during the holiday season affecting safety products. We have made price adjustments to offset the higher container costs and the expedited shipments should not recur, meaning most of the product margin pressure in the fourth quarter of 2024 should not carry into the first quarter of 2025. SG&A was 25.9% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2024, up from 25.3% from the year-ago period. The largest impacts were from higher lease costs as we refresh our field pickup fleet and a currency revaluation on certain assets that relates to the stronger dollar. The effects of areas such as IT expense and general insurance costs were marginally negative. We continue to believe that as growth picks up, we will leverage the P&L. Putting it all together, we reported fourth quarter 2024 EPS of $0.46, flat with the fourth quarter of 2023. Now turning to Slide 8. We generated $283 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter of 2024 or 108% of net income. We generated $1.2 billion in operating cash for the full year of 2024 or 102% of net income. Our cash conversion in both periods was below the comparable periods in 2023. However, this mostly reflects the effects of inventory buildup and subsequent wind-down related to tight supply chains being fully past us. And we view the conversion rates in 2024 as being largely consistent with expectations. We continue to carry a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with year-end debt being 5.2% of total capital. Given our current strong capital position and confidence in the future cash-generating capability of our model, we increased our dividend by 10%. Accounts receivable were up 1.9%, driven primarily by sales growth. Inventories were up 8%. We added $30 million to $35 million related to our initiatives to improve product availability in our end market locations and improve picking efficiencies in our hubs. Opportunistic year-end buys added roughly $10 million and we added stock to support customer growth, including anticipated incremental growth in the warehousing space. And we accelerated some inventory scheduled for future delivery into current periods ahead of potential new tariffs. Accounts payable were up 8.9%, reflecting the increase in inventories. Net capital spending in 2024 was $214 million, up versus $161 million in 2023, but below our projected range of $235 million to $265 million. This related to lower purchases of FMI bins and fewer installations of modular picking units in our end market locations. Looking to 2025, we anticipate net capital spending of $265 million to $285 million. We're anticipating another step up in FMI signings, which will require additional device spend. We're increasing IT spend to reflect projects that move from 2024 to 2025 and an expansion of projects aimed at developing additional digital capabilities. Lastly, distribution center spending is up to reflect completion of our new Utah hub, the beginning of construction on a new Atlanta hub, and incremental automated picking additions across our hub network. We believe net CapEx is likely to be 3% to 3.5% of sales over the next few years, an increase from 2.7% to 3.2%, largely related to greater incremental capacity upgrades across our distribution center network. Now, before moving on to Q&A, a couple of items of housekeeping. First, a little color on our decision to not provide Onsite signings targets beginning in 2025. When we first unveiled the Onsite strategy in 2014 to '15, we were challenged with driving internal participation and building scale to justify the investment in the initiative. Today, Onsites represent nearly 45% of our sales and are fully integrated into the value proposition we offer customers. Getting to this point has prioritized wallet share with existing customers over winning new customers and at this time, it's appropriate to seek greater balance between those two things. Onsites will continue to provide a market advantage for Fastenal and we'll continue to sign them. However, our success is not solely defined by how many Onsites we sign. It is defined by how many customers we sign that are doing or can do 10,000 or more in sales per month, whether that's through an Onsite or through a branch. To ensure internal and external stakeholders are focusing on organizationally meaningful data in the first quarter of 2025, we will begin providing customer data along the lines of what Dan discussed at the start of this call. Second, we are planning to host an Investor Day in Minneapolis on March 13th. We plan on providing an update on our end market network, which remains critical to our success, but has evolved in the last few years to support a key account strategy. This will be reinforced with a tour of a local branch that is a great representation of our industrial supply house profile. We will discuss not only our tools and capabilities but how we deploy them in a truly integrated fashion to provide unparalleled value to our customers in terms of supply chain cost, risk, and scalability. And last, we will do a deeper dive into the strategic plan we developed throughout 2024, which is heavily centered on the digitization of tools and capabilities, including AI, to improve our service and addressable market. We'll be sending out invites to the event over the next week. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. And, Holden, congratulations. It's been great working with you and wish you all the best.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Ryan Merkel: So my first question, I guess I want to ask about the shutdowns and then sort of the comment that customer sentiment is more optimistic. But I guess, how do you marry those two comments? Why do you think the shutdowns this year were so intense? And then what are you hearing on customer sentiment if you can be more specific, like do you expect trends to improve in '25 and why do you think that?
Dan Florness: Good morning, Ryan, and thanks for the question. I'll touch on the shutdowns piece and then how that counters with sentiment. I think every organization gets to January 1st. And it's a new year and it's either what -- and it's always what can we do to improve upon what we just did, whether you had a great year or a weak year, you all -- that's just -- that's I think many people are just wired. So -- but I also look at it and say, there might be some folks that just got through at this stage 2024 and they're kind of like it's been a mediocre year. And we've been leaning up our balance sheet, maybe we've been leaning up our inventory, whatever it might be. And let's just shut down, let's get the equipment fixed up and ready for the new year, get everybody's batteries recharged. And I think you had a lot of folks that didn't have a reason to stay open over the holidays and so they chose not to. I want to -- Holden, if you want to add on the sentiment part from a customer standpoint, you talked to a lot of our regionals, but I think a lot of folks are looking at their trends and does that make them feel better. The recent election and what that might mean for regulation probably is a lift of burden from a lot of our customers in the marketplace. Holden?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean the -- when I talk about the improving sentiment, what I'll say is in November, when we reported sales, I mean, there's clearly post-election a step up in terms of what the RVPs are feeding back to me about. People are feeling a little bit better about things. I think there's just the -- there's value in knowing. And I think that a lot of uncertainty was perhaps dissipated once we got through the election. I will say that the tone from the RVPs was fairly universal about that sentiment continuing to get better heading into next year. And so that's a fairly qualitative read on things, but nonetheless, I've over time learned to really respect the feedback of the RVPs because they really do feel what's going on in the marketplace in real-time and pretty intimately. So I think there's value in that. But I also would argue that I'm not sure there's an inconsistency between aggressively shutting down in the back half of December and feeling better about 2025. Again, as Dan indicated, there's something magical about moving from 12/31 to 1/1. And I think that a lot of companies in the face of a second challenging year are looking to clear the decks and move into 2025 with as little overhang from inventory and things of that nature as they can. And I think that there's probably a relationship between exactly what happened in the back half of December and the very beginning of January and customers feeling better about what comes next.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. No, I think that makes sense. That's helpful. And then my second question, thanks for the new disclosure and it makes sense. And I think I'm a little surprised by how concentrated your sales are. It's more than I thought. I just want to make sure I'm understanding this right, 1% of sites are roughly 50% of sales and those sites tend to be Onsite like, I think, is what you said. So should we be reading that as 1% of Onsites, which is like 20 Onsites is 50% of sales, am I understanding that right?
Holden Lewis: No, no, no, no. We've always said -- when we started the onsite program a number of years ago, we said that time about 10% of our revenue came from a few hundred Onsites. And what we saw with Onsite was, a lot of times our branch personnel, there was business they didn't go after in a facility because the economics didn't work for them on how they were paid because not all the spend is 50%. There's a bunch of production business that might be at in the 30s. There's some other business that might be in the 40s. And in the way our cost structure works, if you think back to the time, our cost structure in the branch was 30% of sales -- 32% of sales. And you didn't want a 35% margin business. But in an Onsite, when we started talking about it, our average Onsite had gross margins between 35% and 40%, but the operating expenses were just shy of in the upper teens. So from a pre-tax and a return standpoint, it was nice business, but you had to think about it differently, you had to rejiggur -- rejigger everything. And so we have roughly 2,000 Onsites and that's a little bit over 40% of revenue. In addition to those 2,000 Onsites, we have another 500 customers roughly where we do $70,000 a month, $60,000 a month, $80,000 a month, but we do it out of the branch and the branch is just -- the General Manager in that branch looked at and said this, I might get hurt on my pay plan, but this is good business for us and it's good business for me and the team. And it's good business and you think about it as a businessperson. And so that -- those 2,500 locations represent about 48% of sales and they all do more than $50,000 a month. But there are a subset of customers that do more than $10,000 a month that represent over 75% of our sales. But, Ryan, that's no different than if you think about it years ago, hey, we have 100 active customers in this branch and 10 of them represent 65% to 70% of sales and it was probably more like 80% of sales, but we didn't measure it that way because there was a bunch of customers that had multiple account numbers. Does that make sense?
Ryan Merkel: Right. Yeah, it does. Yeah.
Holden Lewis: And the color I may add to that is, first-off, I'm not sure that 80/20 is unique to Fastenal's business. I don't know everybody else's businesses, but I would suspect that there's an element of 80/20 in most businesses that are out there. I'll grant you we're more like 80/10. But the other thing I think to think about is where we are -- where we're genuinely special in the marketplace is in engaging with customers that have very large, very complex supply chains. Those tend to be larger multinational, global, or national businesses. And so that's because of the breadth of our toolbox and the ability of our services to uniquely affect that complexity. Those types of customers tend to come to our business fairly organically simply because of that capability that we have in contrast to perhaps a purely transactional model, which might get you a lot more customers, but fewer sales, right? So there's an element of our model in there as well.
Dan Florness: Added nugget I'll give you is, if you go back to 2007, when we announced we were going to -- we were seeing saturation in the location comp and we were slowing it down and we were turning energy into things like automating our warehouse and things like vending and what we called as the pathway to profit, we said here is the next step of our business. At that point in time, customers doing more than $10,000 a month, there were about 2,600 of them, and represented about 40% of sales. And so in the years since 2007, we weren't opening locations as fast, but we were rolling out vending devices. A number of years later, we're rolling out Onsites and we are getting better and better and better at non-fasteners, and so fasteners keep dropping as a percentage of our business. Our business blossomed as we got deeper into that and our ability to grow actually accelerated and so the concentration, if you will, is a sign of success with that group of customers because when -- if you look at customers doing less than, say, $5,000 a month, they don't necessarily benefit from vending because if they did, they wouldn't be a $3,000 a month customer, they'd be a $9,000 a month customer because they have enough. But the things we bring to the table and to the supply chain benefits the business more.
Ryan Merkel: Very helpful. Thanks, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Manthey from Baird. Your line is now live.
David Manthey: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Clearly, there's always been an 80/20 rule at Fastenal but as we look at Slide 4 and think about the big picture, it may elucidate this on the -- at the Investor Day, but is 96% of the customer sites generating 22% of sales, is that an opportunity or is that just the way it is? How do you view that?
Dan Florness: It's always an opportunity. When -- I have throughout the course of the year, along with Jeff and Holden and a handful of our leaders, we have discussions with every one of our district managers. And in there, we talk about what's their opportunity, and history has told me that we have approaching 10 Onsites per DM. It's around seven or eight on average Onsites per DM. But we've identified the potential on average for 58. And so it's an incredible opportunity in the marketplace because we're really, really good at planned spend and we're really, really good at helping with supply chain. And you think about what are some of the macro things going on in the marketplace right now. One of the macro things is, there's not enough people for the jobs this year, five years from now, 10 years from now. So how does a manufacturer solve that? Well, one of them might be, hey, let's bring in Fastenal to help with supply chain. They're incredibly good at it with their vending platform, they move the product closer to the point of use that creates productivity in our facility. By the way, what we're doing with 10 people in a very inefficient manner, Fastenal can do with three or four and they can actually increase the level of supply chain service in my facility and we operate more effectively. I see it as an incredible opportunity and that's why we continue to invest in the things we're doing. And we're going to touch on a whole bunch of that, Dave, at our Investor Day as well. But I'm more excited about our opportunity to grow in the next 10 years than maybe I was 10 years ago.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. And I would probably add to that, you're right to think about it as the opportunity, but let's not narrow that down too much either. We measure -- we are successful in the buckets that we're successful in because we bring something special to that type of customer. But we continue to broaden what it is that we're special at. We didn't used to be special at safety, but the introduction of vending brought that into a realm of specialness for Fastenal and all that I think others have not figured out how to scale the way that we have. I think the same is true for that Onsite world. Is there an opportunity and so we're very good, we're special in that planned world. Is there an opportunity to over time move down these buckets more effectively by figuring out ways to get special and service customers in different ways? Those are opportunities not necessarily for the next six months or what have you, but those are opportunities that exist over the next 12, 36, five years, 10 years time. There's tremendous opportunity that exists within these buckets, but whether you want to think geographically by product, what have you?
Dan Florness: Just to double down or doubling down on the question, I'll throw a little tidbit in too. When you -- Holden just touched on, we get better moving down those bucket sizes. Clearly, the bottom two buckets on that list were impacted by COVID and by our decision a decade ago to not just slow down opening branches but to actually consolidate branches. In that less than $5,000 bucket, what I can tell you is 98% of the decline in that bucket from a standpoint of both customers and the revenue came from -- there's two populations in that bucket, there's customers that spend between $500 and $5,000 that represent about 90% of the dollars in that bucket and they averaged about $1,000 a month with us. The majority of the customers represent about 10% of that bucket and they on average spend $49 a month with us. And so it's really a case of being special in all of them. But I believe over time, all these buckets grow because we -- as we become better and better at unplanned spend, the bottom two buckets is more about sales that look like unplanned spend than planned spend. And then your success on all of them. But that smallest bucket, customers under $500, it's a big group of customers, but it's about 2% of sales. And so it's really -- we're putting your energy and focus on being great supply chain partner to this group of customers, but that conveyor we have going across North America, anybody can grab a box office. And with our local footprint, we're better than anybody else out there or we could be. Thanks, Dave.
David Manthey: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks a lot, Dan. And maybe you can just touch on tariffs. I'm sure someone else would ask this too, but it's obviously a hot topic right now. Could you talk about how those pass through your contracts and how you're planning on making those happen, assuming that comes down the pipe here?
Dan Florness: Yeah. As we've talked on previous calls, we had to get good at tariffs. Yeah, we were -- I mean we were -- I think we've always been excellent in supply chain, but we had to get good at tariffs back in the 2018 timeframe, 2017 timeframe. A lot of times we focus on tariffs that have been -- that come into the United States, but tariffs are not something that's unique to the United States. Jeff, in leading our international business in years past, we've been going through tariffs coming into Mexico for the last year and a half. We've been going -- we've had tariffs as it relates to our Canadian market or other non-North American businesses. So that skill isn't -- that knife isn't dull in our ability to be surgical. The -- we have great tools to manage that. We have great ability to give visibility to our customers because it's not just about what we do and how -- and to make sure we manage it in our P&L, that's important to everybody on this call. Don't get me wrong. What's really important is our ability to give visibility to that to our customer and allow our customer to make better decisions because then we're special to them. We're not special to just us. We're special to both of us and that's a great supply chain partner. And we're really, really good at that. We had a lot of conversations with our unrelated tariffs. We had a lot of conversations with customers and we diverted a chunk of containers late in the year because there was a risk of a port strike. And we were able to study all the containers coming in and had conversations. I think it was about 40 containers that we had -- 35, 40 containers we had conversations with customers and said, we believe the best risk avoidance for your business is we'll spend a little bit extra money, we'll bring it into the West Coast and we're bringing it across North America instead of bringing to the East Coast because that shuts down, that's a production item that you need in February or that's something you need in March and we do not want to put your business at risk. And we diverted 35, 40 containers. As it turned out, it didn't need to be, but that's what a great supply chain partner does. But we are well poised to communicate and react to whatever happens, and it's going to be an unpredictable world starting here on January 20th. Frankly, it's been an unpredictable world for the last 10 years. So that's not new. It's just maybe the intensity of how that happens quickly might change too.
David Manthey: Thanks a lot, Dan.
Dan Florness: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now live.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: Dan, you made a comment early about e-commerce and I think a nexus there with unplanned spend and opportunity to improve. Can you just unpack that a little bit for us, maybe give us a teaser of what's coming here in March?
Dan Florness: Yeah. So some stuff we've talked about, we've talked about the fact that we expanded the stocking levels of certain SKUs in our distribution centers. In 2019, we pulled back some stuff that was less common. And in hindsight, that was a mistake and we reversed that. There's three aspects to it. One aspect to it is when you pull that from the shelf in distribution, you create a lot more work for the local team because they have to go out and source that product now. The second thing is you delay when we can get that product for the customer and there might be some sales we lost as a result. And the third is, when you're buying stuff in a rush, you don't buy better than when you buy stuff in a planned fashion. And so we believe there's some margin opportunities to all that inventory that we're adding to the balance sheet as we move into 2025 and we need margin opportunities to generate a return or our CFO will give me think I look and -- but more importantly, freeing up that time and given our ability to say, yes, more is important. Think of the e-commerce and think of that smaller customer and that less than $5,000. They hop on the website to order something and it shows unavailable or contact the branch. And that's something that maybe it's -- maybe it's a fairly common -- maybe it's a infrequently purchased but not uncommon fastener. In the mindset of that customer under $5,000, they should look at Fastenal as these folks are awesome at fasteners. They're awesome at safety. When I hop on their website and order something, it's easy to -- the website is easy to use and their depth in this is incredible and they can say, yep, it's sitting in our distribution center in Winona. We'll have it in Green Bates for all morning. What time do you need it because our truck gets there at 5:00 AM? And so that's different than hopping on and seeing call the branch at Green Bay. And so part of it is by adding that inventory, it shows a different kind of availability. The other step we've been doing is increasing with our supplier base, better connection of show us your availability and your level of service. So even if we don't have it in the hub, we can show on the website to the individual, hey, it's sitting in St. Paul at our supplier and we can get it to you in two days if you need a pass or not, we can ship it overnight, but that gets expensive. And we want to manage their costs. We want to minimize the cost of their supply chain. And so we give them optionality. The other piece that does -- or the other piece that we're -- we've incorporated late in the year is much better visibility to tracking. In other words, it isn't just that it's available at the supplier in St Paul, it's been picked up and it's on our truck going to Winona, then it's going to transfer and get on our truck going to Green Bay. My wife's a Packer fan, that's why I'm using all these Green Bay examples. But it's a much different experience and my example was a smaller customer, it could be the maintenance area of a $200,000 a month customer, but the way they engage with us is they hop on their punch out list on their internal portal or they hop and so it's e-business versus web. But regardless of what it is, that functionality exists for both. And we are rapidly rolling out those pieces. But you couldn't roll out those pieces of facing to the customer until you had the pieces built behind the scenes to have it available in the first place. Does that make sense, Tommy?
Tommy Moll: Yeah. Thank you and we'll look-forward to furthering the discussion in March. Holden, a question for you on gross margins. You called out some of the impacts in the fourth quarter just in terms of the cost of moving product, highlighted how that should moderate here in the first quarter. What can you do to frame for us what you view as your typical Q4 to Q1 and other than the factor I already mentioned, is there any other call-out for this year in particular?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean the Q4 to Q1 can usually be fairly volatile. So it's a pretty wide range of outcomes. But typically, you're going to see Q4 -- I'm sorry, Q1 increasing over where Q4 is noticeably. What I would tell you is, I think at this point in the year, I'm typically maybe giving a little bit of color on the full year more than the next quarter. When I think about gross margin in 2025, I think we have a shot at having a flattish gross margin year-over-year in 2025. Now to some extent, the market will have a say in that. But we're getting a period where the -- we've had very weak fasteners and very strong safety and I think that gap is going to narrow. And if you get a little bit of improvement in the marketplace, you could see that gap narrow fairly meaningfully, if not reverse a little bit. So I think that mix may not be the drag in 2025 that it has been in 2024. I think particularly in that warehousing space, we've talked about a couple of things that impacted it through a couple of quarters this year. I think there's relatively easy comp there. So I think that the -- you have the usual pressures, but I think they're going to be moderated in 2025 versus what you had in 2024, and that's the -- that's -- I think how we can think through it. But typically, yeah, Q1 will typically be above where Q4 is. And when you sort of walk through how the various seasonalities work, I think something around flat to very much -- very slightly negative in 2025 is probably how I build it out.
Tommy Moll: Thanks, Holden. We'll call that a setting the bar high, but not too high for your successor. Best of luck to that individual.
Dan Florness: I see it's a couple of minutes before the hour. If there's a quick question, we'll take it. So I'll hold tight a second.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Stephen Volkmann: All right. Holden, I'll just ask you the last quick follow on, how should we think about operating expenses? I assume you'll have the normal increase in employee costs, anything else to think about?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, operating expenses, 70% of our OpEx, of course, is labor. And so when we talk about being able to leverage against growth, labor plays a big part of that. But the other 30% should still be leverageable. I've always -- I don't think that the dynamic has changed. I think that when we get to mid-single-digits or above mid-single-digits, we should be able to defend at mid-single-digit growth and we should be able to expand them above mid-single-digit growth. And I don't see any change to that profile at this point. And so as growth reasserts itself as we hope it does next year, we should be at the high end of that 20% to 25% incremental margin would be the expectation. Oftentimes, I get asked why it's not more than that. Bear in mind and Dan alluded to this in his preamble, in the first year of recovery, we have that shock absorber effect in our wages, right? We haven't been paying a lot of bonuses this year. If and when business gets better and pre-tax is growing strong -- more strongly, bonuses sort of reassert themselves. And that gives us a little less volatility both on the upside and the downside. And so that's why in a world where we can see mid to high single-digit growth getting to the high-end of that 20% to 25% incremental in the first year, that's kind of what I think the expectation would be.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Dan Florness: Just want to thank everybody for participating in our call today. As always, we'd like to stop frankly on the hour because we realize you have a lot of other companies you cover and a lot of other calls to hop on. My thank you to the Fastenal team listening to this call for what you did in '24 and how you prepared the business for yourself, for your customers and for the rest of the Blue team as we enter 2025 and to our shareholders. Thank you as always for your support. We look forward to continuing to share the story of Fastenal. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal 2024 Q3 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of the Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2024 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Watts, our President and Chief Sales Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour, and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No reporting reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2024 at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Taylor, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to the Q3 2024 earnings call for Fastenal. Before I start, I just thought I'd share a couple of things. First off, as everybody's painfully aware of, there's been several hurricanes that have hit the Southeastern United States in recent weeks, and our hearts go out to all those affected. And each month when we put out our sales release, either I send out a video to our organization or Jeff Watts, our President, sends one out. By the way, in addition to Holden and me being on the call today, Jeff Watts is sitting in, just to get a feel for what it feels like the call on this end. And I told him if we get a really tough question, I'll send it his way. But all kidding aside, when a hurricane is coming, or any type of weather event or catastrophic situation occurs, we created a Team's page internally, and it's really meant to be a very agile way of communicating. We honed the skill incredibly during COVID. But it's a way of providing information to our team in the field who can get a lot of requests from customers that need help, maybe employees that need help, but people that need help and sometimes locating things when it's a little chaotic. It's nice to have one point to go to. There's two individuals that I mentioned on the video this month. Zach Wise and DaNae Behrens who, in my mind, have gone above and beyond the call in keeping things updated on our system. And I recognized them on the video, and Bob Hopper who leads our business down in Florida, lives in Orlando personally and has been spending the last few days making sure his family is okay, his Fastenal family is okay, and our customers are okay. He sent me an e-mail this morning, thank me for mentioning those two and in echoing the sentiment that they've been crucial in our ability to react in this event. So, my thanks to them. I'd also like to announce that -- and there'll be an 8-K that gets filed or something that goes out on this, I'm not sure the details, but yesterday, our Board elected a new officer at Fastenal, Donnalee Papenfuss, she joined us back in July of 1999. So she just hit 25 years with Fastenal. In February of 2014, she became our VP of Contract Development. I've worked with her quite a bit over the years and her role has been slowly expanding. As Jeff has stepped into the Chief Sales Officer role, we really took a hard look at our strategy as an organization, defining who we are and where we think the business is going and what does that mean for priorities in the future and getting everybody aligned to that. Donnalee has been an incredible asset in that. And one of her recent things she worked on was our sharing with the world, our approach to ESG. And my congratulations to Donnalee and to everybody that helped Donnalee developed her skill set over the last 25 years and to the team that she leads. Getting to the quarter. Third quarter net sales, plus 3.5%, produced earnings per share of $0.52, up about 1% over a year ago. If you take out the fact that we had -- our business today, our daily sales rate grew 1.9%. Some things that stand out on the quarter for me, and one of them is a welcome sign. The quarter finished stronger than it started, especially considering that the hurricane impacted the last few days of the month. And I called out a couple of individuals for communicating. I also want to call out our transportation and distribution groups. The amount of flexibility they exhibited in that Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday period, the last four, five days of September of changing truck routes, running truck routes on Friday evening, Saturday evening to get the product moved for our customers' needs was nothing but incredible to witness and so my compliments to them. But the quarter -- I thought September would weaken. And we were impacted by it, but we finished the quarter stronger than we started it. Our -- when I look at the daily sales rate for September, it really, I believe, points to some very good changes and alignment and some personnel moves that we've made in the last 12 to 18 months, and I credit Jeff Watts and his team for some really smart moves. And I believe it's starting to show through in our numbers. We continue to manage both current conditions and future growth. And the way we thought about it in the July call is we talked about, in a period like this, we manage expenses very tightly, but we still build for the future. Because we don't think our shareholders want us to be focused on managing sales growth in the low single-digits and the expenses around it. They want us to be thoughtful about it. But the real goal is to not be growing in the lower single-digits. And I think we're doing a nice job of balancing things. If you look at the headcount that we added, it's really about the fact that we're signing Onsites, which really means we're engaging with customers. Onsite is just one way of measuring that. Our IT group continues to build, and our business analytics continues to build. We're doing millions of transactions now through our FMI platform. It provides incredible data to be thoughtfully analyzed to provide insight for our customers and for our business. The asset efficiency improvements we made in the last few years allow us to be very flexible and strategic in what we're doing. During the quarter, and Holden will touch on this a bit in his part of the talk, we added inventory into our distribution network, and we'll continue to add inventory in Q4 and Q1 into distribution to make -- to remove some sourcing activity that occurs at the branch, to improve our cost on that because sometimes that could be a lower-margin business, and to improve our efficiency of supply chain for our customer. The real way of paying for it is we believe we're more efficient, and we believe we can lower our costs and realize that in margin, and it pays for a return on inventory. I also believe that will help us grow a little bit faster because that inventory will be more readily available. And we can say yes more often and say it easily. Flipping to Page 4. Onsites, we signed 93 in the quarter. Active sites are up about 12% from the end of third quarter '23. Our goal remains to be in that 375 to 400, based on where we are right now, probably at the lower end of that range. And we've had that range for a number of years. We've struggled to make it, and it's not about the range. It's about the mindset of -- the organization that I joined back in 1996, the mantra was always about we're adding actives and we're adding dollars per active. It was really about we're adding account numbers, we're adding customers with accounts and how much are those customers spending. And we were opening 25%, 30% more branches a year. Over time, that math started to change. And I was talking to a group of -- excuse me, district managers, so our leaders in our -- what we call our Winona-based region. And I was talking to them earlier in the week. And I shared some perspective with them that I shared with the -- with our Board back in April. And it talks to this Onsite, FMI key account acquisition strategy and what drives our growth over time. And I said to them, I said, we've added a little over $5 billion since -- in the last 16 years. In 2007, we came out and said we're going to stop opening 14% more branches a year. We're going to 7%. Six years later, that 7% has slowly trickled down to 1% or 2%, and we actually said we're going to start consolidating some of our branches because we don't know that that's the right strategy going forward. And as we've shared in previous calls, we closed about 1,000 locations in that decade. But in that whole time frame that we were slowing the openings and eventually stopping the openings, we had, back in 2007, roughly 2,500, 2,600 customer sites that we supplied to where the customer was sourcing more than $10,000 a month from us. Between 2007 and 2023, we added about 9,400, 9,500 sites. That's on the map, where we're doing more than $10,000 a month. That was 93% of our growth in that 16-year period. The other 7% came from customers doing between $5,000 and $10,000 a month. And all the buckets below that, we keep pulling people up into those additional groups. And that's what really drives. Now we put it on hyperdrive in the last decade with the Onsite expansion that you see here, because today, about 78% of our sales go to those customer sites doing more than $10,000 a month. Half that business is in an Onsite. But it's about -- we're not adding account numbers, we're adding customer sites and then what's our wallet share. One real effective way to add wallet share is a great OEM fastener program. Reason fasteners are still 30% of our sales is because two thirds of that is an OEM fastener. Then we have FMI Technology. We signed 7,281 weighted devices in the third quarter, that's 114 a day. I remember when we were doing two a day. And then 10 a day and 20 a day. And we always talked about, hey, could we get that -- we should build the infrastructure to do 100 a day. The Blue Team, when it comes to FMI Technology, I believe, were crushing it. There's some challenging aspects. If we're established in a customer location and their business is off, we feel it directly because we are their supply chain partner. And so that's created some challenges for us in the current environment. But we're taking market share at a faster pace as I've ever seen in this organization. And I think the FMI Technology is a great proxy for that. And to Jeff Hicks and the team within our Solutions group, my compliments for you for supporting this great Blue Team organization. One realignment we made during the quarter is all of our digital strategy, whether it be the e-commerce, our FMI or what we call FASTCrib, which is essentially a software program that we've created, a couple of hundred customers use it today, but a software program that we've created for managing the tool crib that customer facing. And those three pieces are under the umbrella now of our FMI digital solutions within Fastenal and Jeff Hicks, along -- a 30-plus year employee leads that charge. Speaking of eBusiness, so eCommerce grew about 25.5%. It's a good news/bad news. Our eProcurement, where supply chain customers are using technology to tell us what they need, that continues to grow 30-some-percent. Our eCommerce, which is much more web-centric, that was single digits. And those trends are part of the reason for realigning that umbrella because when we really study how customers use our web, it's a very fastener-centered proposition. And we're trying to get that -- we're really trying to get that better and better aligned to the business. Finally, our digital footprint, 61.1% of our sales went through a digital footprint this quarter, and that was 57% a year ago, 49% the year before that. With that, I'll shut up and let Holden take a spin.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I will begin on Slide 5. As Dan indicated, our daily sales rate in the third quarter of 2024 was up 1.9%. Hurricane Helene, which hit several Southeastern regions late in the quarter, reduced our daily sales rate in the quarter by 5 to 25 basis points. Pricing was still slightly negative, though targeted pricing actions moderated the drag relative to the second quarter of 2024. But the primary challenge remains sluggish end markets. The Purchasing Manager's Index has been sub-50, indicating manufacturing contraction for 22 of the last 23 months. Industrial production might be best characterized as flattish, but key components for Fastenal such as machinery and fabricated metal remain weaker than the overall index and have posted long strings of monthly declines of their own. We continue to navigate a long and grinding, albeit shallow contraction in the third quarter of 2024. In an otherwise unchanged environment, a couple of elements of the quarter are worth highlighting. First, our reseller end market weakened markedly with daily sales declining 11.3% in the quarter versus declining 6.4% in the second quarter of 2024. It's not a large segment for Fastenal at roughly 5% of sales in the third quarter of 2024. Still, these customers tend to be wholesalers, dealers, rental firms that sit between producers and OEMs and the weakness suggest that there was channel destocking in the period. Second, our September daily sales rate improved to up 3.2% despite a 35 to 55 basis point negative impact from the hurricane in the month and moderating growth in our warehousing end market, where mid-teens September growth was roughly half the July and August growth rate as we begin to hit tougher comparisons. This is accompanied by what I would call a mixed tone from regional leadership, which is an improvement on the universal pessimism of preceding months. Now, one month does not make a trend, still coming against another strong quarter for contract, FMI and Onsite signings, momentum does seem to be building around changes aimed at improving customer acquisition. The improved tone from regional leadership seems to reflect a willingness on the part of the marketplace to look past the November elections and into the first half of 2025. Still, in the immediate term, many markets remain weak, the PMI continues to flash pessimism and there is uncertainty over what plant shutdowns might look like during the November and December holiday seasons. We aren't expecting much change from underlying business activity in the fourth quarter of 2024. However, we do believe the strong year-to-date signings should benefit sales trends in the fourth quarter of 2024 and into 2025. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the third quarter of 2024 was 20.3%, down 70 basis points year-to-year. Gross margin in the third quarter of 2024 was 44.9%, down 100 basis points from the year-ago period. Product and customer mix played its customary role. Two elements of our logistical operations also weighed on the margin. First, certain countries have raised import duties, lifting the cost to us of moving product across borders. Second, we received a shipper rebate in the third quarter of 2023, which did not recur in the current quarter. And then finally, we are experiencing lower supplier rebates as sustained slow demand has reduced our purchasing activity relative to last year. Price/cost did not materially impact the third quarter of 2024. Moving to operating costs. SG&A was 24.6% of sales in the third quarter of 2024, improved from 25% in the year-ago period. The most notable contributor to the leverage was an increase in supplier marketing credits. Otherwise, it was an accumulation of modest leverage in many areas, including selling related transportation from lower fuel costs, IT spending, bad debt expense and general insurance costs. Year-to-date, our SG&A is up 2.8%, which is above our DSR of up 1.9% over the same period, which contributes to the 60 basis points of margin compression over the period. Our goal remains to prioritize balancing cost management with growth investments. For example, in the third quarter of 2024, our FTE was up 2.8%, above our daily sales rate of up 1.9%. However, we've invested, as Dan indicated, in Onsite personnel to support our strong signings momentum as well as in IT and business analytics, all areas we think are critical to future growth. If we remove these additions, our FTE growth was 1%, which trails our DSR growth. Similarly, our total discretionary cost category was up 3.7% in the third quarter of 2024, again, above our daily sales rate. But if you remove sales-related travel, which I believe is contributing to the improved signings we've experienced in 2024, then remaining spending on non-sales travel, meals and supplies was down 8.7%. Viewed in this context, we believe we are effectively managing expenses and expect to leverage when growth accelerates. We intend to remain tight with costs in the fourth quarter of 2024, given continued sluggish end market demand. Putting everything together, we reported third quarter 2024 EPS of $0.52, which matches the $0.52 from the third quarter of 2023. Now turning to Slide 7. We generated $297 million in operating cash in the third quarter of 2024, which was 100% of net income. With good cash generation in a soft demand environment, we continue to carry a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with debt being 6.3% of total capital, down from 7% of total capital at the end of the third quarter of 2023. Accounts receivable were up 2.5%, reflecting sales growth and a shift towards larger customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories were up 3%, this is the first annual increase since the first quarter of 2023. Two things are playing out here. First, the third quarter of 2024 is the first quarter since the supply chain crisis where we are no longer comparing to elevated levels of inventory. Second, we began adding incremental inventory, primarily of fasteners, to improve availability to our in-market locations and reduce sourcing through less cost-effective channels. This is also intended to support picking efficiency programs in our distribution centers. We added roughly $25 million in new inventory for these purposes in the third quarter of 2024 and anticipating adding another $5 million to $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. Net capital spending in the third quarter of 2024 was $55.8 million, up from $42.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. Our full year anticipated net capital spending range remains $235 million to $255 million, though we currently are trending towards the bottom of this range. The projected increase in net capital spending for the full year of 2024 is driven by higher outlays for hub automation and capacity, the substantial completion of an upgraded distribution center in Utah and an increase in FMI spend to support increased signings. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to start with September. I know it's one month, but finished stronger. You feel like some of the moves you've made are starting to lead to more new customer adds. Do you feel like you've turned a corner here and we should expect that we'll see outgrowth improve going-forward?
Holden Lewis: Hey, Ryan, good morning and thanks for the question. I personally believe we've turned a corner. We -- when you make -- we made a lot of changes in 2023 and early part of 2024. And like in any organization, changes are distracting. And when I look at the tools we put in place and more importantly, the leaders we put in place to get everybody aligned down the same path, I feel good that we're focused and I do expect outgrowth as we move into 2025.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Great to hear. And then maybe the second one for Holden. Just on gross margin, how should we think about 4Q? Usually, seasonality is down 30 basis points, but there was a bit of noise in 3Q. So just curious if you can provide any help there.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. If I -- as you said, the seasonality typically is about 30 basis points. I actually think we'll do a little bit better than traditional seasonality in the fourth quarter. I mean, I do believe that we'll still see some decline in gross margin from where we were in the third. But there's a number of things, I think, particularly when I look at the impact of the lower rebates on gross margin in Q3. When you -- when -- I don't believe that the impact of that is going to be as significant in Q4 as we saw in Q3. And so there's probably a couple of million dollar swing that plays out that benefits the gross margin in Q4. So, yeah, you're right about the seasonality. I think there'll be a little seasonality that asserts itself, but I think that we will have some offsets to that, that moderates it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the call, the question I should say. Holden, just thinking about the margins here and obviously you've got some impact you called out from negative mix and rebates and then you just answered the question on seasonality here. As you think about some of the cost actions you've taken here recently over the last 12 or 18 months, what do you think is now the minimum level of sales growth to kind of get you back to that historical low 20% incremental margin?
Holden Lewis: Well, hopefully, the message you've received is that, whereas we have been tight with certain expenses, we've also invested in other expenses. And if you get to or when we get to a period where you have strong growth again, then obviously some of those expenses we've been tightly controlling, we'll still tightly control, but they'll clearly move upwards, right? I don't know that our overall profile has changed, right? We've reacted to the cycle. But I still believe that as we get revenue north of -- revenue growth north of mid-single-digits, that's where I begin -- that's where I think we begin to leverage again. I don't think that that level has necessarily changed. Where that level would change is if we began to rethink how we invest in our business, that we have not done. So, as long as we continue to take the approach of investing in our business, investing in growth, I think the overall profile is similar. If you're below mid-single-digit growth, it's going to be difficult to leverage. If you're above mid-single-digit growth, we should be expect ourselves to leverage the P&L and grow our margins. That hasn't changed.
Dan Florness: One element that comes into play, if growth improves, one of the things that would drive that is our fastener performance improves, particularly the MRO. But that tends to be a friend when it comes to gross margin. And it tends to be a friend when it comes to, with the efficiencies we've introduced and I believe some of the recent efficiencies that we're introducing with the expanded fastener inventory and distribution, it allows us to also not just get the gross margin of friendship, but the -- it's more operating efficient if we have it on the shelf.
Ken Newman: Right. No, that makes sense. And maybe just for my follow-up, just as a -- kind of tagging on to the end of your comment there, Dan. I know the visibility into the channel can be difficult to track from end market to end market, just given the nature of fastener inventories. But I'm curious if you could or if you have any color on some of the other moving pieces from a heavy manufacturing perspective, whether it's automotive or OE Aerospace with the Boeing strike going on, and if there's any way to kind of parse out what impacts or how you view those moves in coming quarters?
Dan Florness: Well, our visibility, we've always joked that it's about eight hours. But we do have one indicator of visibility and that's ISM. And that's not giving us any help. The one thing that does come into play, that makes me a little bit more bullish when I look out into 2025 and time will tell if I'm a naive fool or if I'm accurate on it. And that is, since November '22, our customers' business took a step-down. So you take a step-down from '22 to '23, you take a step-down from '23 to '24, then you start asking yourself from '24 to '25, we don't need the business to go back to what it was in '22 or even what it was in '23. But you ask yourself, what's the probability of it taking another step-down and creating a whole bunch of headwinds for us or the probability of it being staying the same, a weaker environment, but staying the same or marginally improving. Again, not going back, but just marginally improving. Of those three scenarios, personally, I think the second and third have a greater probability, one or the other than the first. That's our friend when we go into 2025, because then our growth shines through. I often cite some stats. We do millions of transactions now through FMI. So I'll use what we call FASTStock. That's where we're going out with our scanning device and we're scanning bins. In January, we did 16,387 orders every day and our average order was $224. So we go out with FASTBin bins, $224 we bring out a day or two later. By May, that $224 had dropped to $214. That's the bad news. And the -- from May to September, that $214 has risen to $216. Now I don't know what it's going to be in October, what's going to be in January. But right now, from January to September, it's down about 11.5%, which means we have -- today, we have 18,290 scans a day. So we're doing an 11.5% more scan. So we either -- we have more customers where we're providing the service, 11.5% more. But the contraction in spend per customer is wiping out 31% of our growth. If we don't wipe out 31% of our growth because $216 goes to $210 or $208, that's a different number. And if I do the math on next year, if we're doing 20,000 a day in the first quarter, just a number, that's based on the $216, that's $91 million a month, 420,000 scans in a 21-day month. If that $216 stays there, it's $91 million. If it drops 3.5% or 3%, 11%, whatever, you know the math there. If it goes back to $224, that adds $3 million a month to our revenue. That's like for the year, getting another calendar day because we do $31 million a day, and that's $36 million. Sorry to get really wonky on you there, but it really changes the math quite dramatically if things just stabilize or tick up slightly because we're adding customers. We're taking market share. Just -- it would be nice to have more than 70% of it shining through or 60% or 40% of it shining through because of contraction.
Holden Lewis: And I will say, to follow up on that, there were a couple of markets that stood out in regional leadership's commentary. Ag is very weak. And I think our expectation is there's going to be extended shutdowns in ag over the course of the fourth quarter. Consumer durable categories are fairly weak, were called out in a number of cases. And then pulp, paper and lumber was also called out. We are seeing some effects of Boeing in the aerospace side as well. So those are four areas that were called out. Nothing -- oil and gas is still fairly stable and doing decently, and those are probably the call-outs. So not comprehensive by any means, but a few things that were mentioned by the field.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now live.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to touch on September. Do you sense that there was any help from the macro there? Or would you attribute all or substantially all of the benefit from market share? And on the market share point, were there some big things that fell your way? Or does it feel more like an accumulation of a bunch of little things that have been in process for some time? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. On the markets, again, I think mix is the right expression for it. If I think, for instance, about our Midwestern markets in particular, a couple of them actually said, if anything, it was a little bit weaker in September than what we had seen proceeding. But then there are a whole bunch of markets that kind of said, it was kind of stable. A couple said that maybe there was a little bit of improvement. So when we say that, that was mixed, that was the feeling. Now I would say the last few quarters have been more universally pessimistic. So it does represent an uptick of sentiment, if you will. But I do believe that the feedback from the field, though, was that overwhelmingly, the degree to which we're seeing improvement has to do with the new customers that we have added and the process of implementing them, bringing them on and getting to revenue. And so yeah, end markets, mixed. The benefits we're seeing have a lot more to do with the things that we're doing and the traction we're gaining there. I don't have a reason to believe that September was unusual in that regard for any reason. I think we spent the balance of this year seeing our contracts grow. That's not only at the national account level, but I think the work that's being done in the field to sign contracts at that level, that's also been growing quite nicely. That's manifest in Onsite signings, FMI signings. I just think you're seeing, as you said, the accumulated impact of those things playing through. And that's why, as Dan indicated, we're excited about what's coming down the pike. Again, fourth quarter can always be tricky. But I think that the trend line going out of fourth quarter into 2025 is a really solid trend line in those areas.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'll add to that, one -- some things that stood up for me when I was looking at September. And these are relatively small pieces, but they're ones where I'm probably more dialed into it because I'm sensitive to it. And that is we made some changes to our branch -- how we operate at the branch location. And as a result, we have some fall off in different customer groups, some of our smaller customer groups because our -- we changed how we stock the front room.
Holden Lewis: This is in recent years, not just in...
Dan Florness: Recent years. But as a result, our construction business has been negative for quite a few quarters. And in September, it grew 1%, 0.9% to be exact. And is that a moral victory? Well, the fact that there isn't a bracket around it is a moral victory. And I believe that means that change has anniversaried itself. And now the question is, what is that industry doing? Again, that's a relatively small piece of our business. But you know what, I want growth with every customer segment we have. Another one that stood out, our government accounts grew quite a bit in September. Sometimes government business can do that because of the federal government and when their year-end is and budgets and all that kind of stuff. We don't have much federal business to speak of. Ours are state and local. We had a very strong September. Time will tell if that has legs to it. When I dug into the numbers, it was about our Onsite signings. It was about that chunk of the business that really gave it a lift because it's -- again, it's about 4% of our sales is government. And in the US, it's about 5% of our business. So -- but there was something that stood out there, but it didn't change the fact that we ended the quarter stronger than how we started the quarter.
Tommy Moll: And just sticking with the theme of Onsites and market share, Dan, you've been very explicit in recent quarters about some of the personnel changes that were made and the redoubling of efforts to drive those Onsite signings higher. You touched on it a little bit today, but any more detail you can give us about the maturity of those initiatives? And in particular, any regional insight would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Yeah. Well, the maturity of both Onsite and our FMI is quite strong. There's incredible -- our average district manager has 58 dots on the map in their geography that we believe is sufficient to warrant and Onsite, and for us, that means 100,000 plus of revenue a month, is kind of that guiding figure. One of the things that we've talked a lot about, and as we move into 2025, we'll talk to this -- to our shareholders and the investment community, analyst community, a lot about is what's the best way to tell our story. One thing that we've done for years is we started as -- and I was CFO prior to my current job. So I have a good recollection of some of the steps and changes how we told the story over time. In 2007, we started talking about pathway to profit. 2011, we started to actually talk about something we've been doing for three, four years, and that was vending. And we felt it's big enough to talk about because in all honestly, the first seven or eight years that we had vending, who even knows what the heck we were doing. We get to the end of the year, and we knew that of the vending devices we had deployed that year, 25% to 30% of them, we're going to pull out because they were just -- they were dumb mistakes. And it was learning mistakes. And I'm glad we went through it. Today, when we put a vending machine out, not only do I feel really good, it's a good signing, I feel good that we put in the right number of devices, that this customer should have 10 machines and we don't find out six months later, well, it should be six and we pull four out. Does that still happen? Sure. But we've really gotten good at it. And so over time, we've changed how we tell the story. A number of years ago, we started talking about our digital footprint because it was really talking about our service model and how we go to market. In the last two years, we've been building internally, the capability to not look at our business account number by account number, but customer by customer. We've done that for years with our national accounts, but it takes a small army of people to take our computer systems that weren't designed for that type of business and link all these account numbers and tell the story of what's going on with our national accounts. But it doesn't allow us to do it for that customer in a district that has 10 account numbers because they have two manufacturing plants in Southern Indiana. And so the district manager knows it, but we can't support the DM in the way we want to do that. So one of the challenges that really laid out is, that's build infrastructure to do that. We've been doing that for the last two years. And so when I started -- when I talked about where our growth comes from in a number of customer sites, and that's not Onsite, that's just a building, a dot on the map where we're selling to one customer, whether we have one account number or 10 account numbers, we think about it to how we serve that customer. That's really what we should be telling our story about. And how do we craft that? In other words, telling you here's how many customers we've added. Here's how many of those customers do less than 5,000 a month. Here's how many of those customers do 5,000 to 10,000, 10,000 to 50,000, 50,000 plus, 100,000 plus. And what's our strategy for going after each of those customers to be a great supply chain partner for that customer's needs. And I think as we go into 2025, frankly, I think it won't be too distant in the future. And I'd be careful how I say this because I don't want to send a message internally to confuse people. But I think we'll talk more about customer acquisition and customer maturity and how we're growing the business and less about, hey, we've signed 104 Onsites this quarter. Because I think that's a better story to tell because it's easier to understand, frankly, it's probably easier for this group to model the business and understand what's driving success, what's creating headwinds either for ourselves or the economy is delivering to us. Because sometimes you don't do yourself any favors. And sometimes it's a case of you're executing under the hood, but the headwinds are too strong. And I think it's a better story. Even some of the stuff and maybe it's a little wonky, we talk about, hey, when we're out scanning bins, every time we scan a bin, it's $8 more or it's $8 less. That tells a lot about what's going on in the economy because those bins are at 5,000, 10,000, 15,000 dots across the planet. I don't think there's a better indicator of economic activity than that. I still think the PMI is a great forward-looking indicator. We're a great real-time indicator.
Holden Lewis: And just to make sure, I mean, I addressed a little bit of the nuance of the question. The changes that were made and the investments that are being made, we're not about driving Onsite to 375 to 400, just to be clear. It was about driving customer acquisition. We need to recognize that Onsite growth is a byproduct of winning new customers. Not every new customer has an Onsite. Many of them do because it's such an incredibly valuable tool and that' where the signings come from, but it's the wins that we're having in our national account contract signings, in our regional account contract signings, our government account contract signing, it's wins there that the investments were intended to drive and it's the effectiveness that we're seeing there that's better Onsite signings, better FMI signings. So just make sure you understand what the real driver is.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you, guys. I had a couple of quick follow-ups. Dan, you mentioned that you've kind of anniversaried the headwinds in the branches, but I know you guys were really focused on trying to get those branches growing again. Has that happened yet? Or could it happen maybe in '25? What's the outlook for that?
Dan Florness: I expect it to happen in '25. And there's a couple of things. We're very crisp about measuring when there's cannibalization because of an Onsite signing. But I expect it to happen because once you get to the point, you've kind of anniversaried the change, and we still have -- there's two stories going on inside of Fastenal when I think of the US-based business. And I touched on it this morning with our RVPs and VPs on the call. And that is this transition has started faster. During COVID, the transition had started a little bit faster in our Eastern business unit. And when you look at September, for example, our business in the United States grew 2.5%, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but two and change. In the Eastern United States, we grew almost 5%. We grew 4.9%. In the Western United States, and our definition of West is draw a line from the East -- from Detroit down to just the Western tip of Texas. And so Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, down to New Mexico. That's all in what we call the West and everything else would be in the East. So that's just the way we've defined it internally. It's a lot better than it used to be. Southern Cal was in the East, but that's kind of like the big 10. But all kidding aside, the business in the Eastern US has grown about 5% right now. And the business in the Western US is slightly negative, and it's been slightly negative for a number of quarters. That's just -- that's really about who's anniversaried it and who hasn't. So we still have a little -- we still have a little bit of a lingering effect in the Western US, and we have a lot of revenue in the Western US. But I feel good about what that means for the branch side of our business as we move forward. We've also gotten really dialed in -- if I think of some of the changes that our sales leadership has made, we're better aligned with our national accounts group, region by region, than we've been in years. We're better aligned with the role we call our CSC, it's a customer service consultant -- sales consultant, excuse me. And we have those now in a large, large piece of our district manager group. And where we don't, we're weeks and months away. And that really allows us to be very, very focused locally to go after the market. And that's going to help our Onsite signings, but frankly, it's probably going to help the branches more because it's going to allow us to be more aggressive going after that customer -- that building there that could be a $25,000 a month customer. But sometimes when you're really busy, maybe we're not being consistently calling on that the way we should, and it really dials you in. I also want to say what makes me feel better about the -- both the branch and the Onsite side of the business. Bill Drazkowski was Head of National Accounts starting about 2014, I believe that's what it was. Prior to that, he was our Regional Vice President in what we call the Winona region. He took over national accounts. Yours truly, who's speaking right now, pulled him out of that role and put him in a different role in 2019. And Jeff Watts in 2023 asked if we could put him -- actually suggested, he's Canadian so I give him that time he's asking. He suggested that Bill go back into the role. Great move on Jeff's part. Bill is naturally talented in that area. And his team responds to him -- incredible talent there. They're responding really well, makes me feel really good because we're -- the contract signings that Holden talked about, big chunk of that is related to what our national accounts team is doing, and they're really executing well right now.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great. And just a quick follow-up. You mentioned, Holden, adding some inventory, maybe giving you a little bit of cost benefit. I'm just curious if it's enough that we should be thinking about gross margin tailwind from that or is that more of a rounding error?
Holden Lewis: The -- there should be a gross margin tailwind from that, but we'll have several quarters to discuss it. The reality is importing fasteners is a multi-quarter process. And by the time that begins -- we're actually adding the inventory currently from local suppliers to make sure that the availability is high because that's a big part of why we're doing this. Just to make it easier, as Dan indicated, for the branches to get product faster, helps customer service, helps us grow. So we're -- currently, we're adding that through domestic sources. There's not a lot of cost benefit to that. We are currently placing orders with our import partners to send that product overseas. That's going to take several quarters. So I don't think you're going to start to see the benefits or the tailwinds of that until you probably get into maybe Q2 next year, but probably more like Q3 next year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Nigel Coe: Thank you. Good morning. We've covered a lot of ground, but I did want to, Holden, maybe go back to some of the gross margin dynamics. And you called out in the PR, Mexico duties -- higher Mexican duties. And I'm not quite sure what that means. Just curious in terms of what's driving that? Is that something that's going to recur going forward?
Holden Lewis: Mexico really over the past 12 months, but they've even done some in the -- I think, the past three to six months, they've been very much more active in charging duties on product that moves across the border. Now, if you understand our logistics, we ship a lot of product from the US to Canada to Mexico to Europe, et cetera. And so the current Mexico system has a significantly higher charge for those movements than was the case 12 months ago. And so we're feeling the effect of that. Canada has some as well, specifically on gloves that are up meaningfully. And so just really in the last, call it, six to 12 months, you've seen a number of federal authorities in other countries simply raise the cost of moving product across borders. And that was a meaningful impact on the quarter.
Dan Florness: The planet is more provincial than it was 10 years ago.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I thought we had a free trade agreement, but maybe I'm wrong there. So this is because duty rates are increasing, not because there's more product coming across the border?
Dan Florness: Yeah. Keep in mind that the free trade agreement, we're not necessarily talking about product that's going from country to country. We're talking product that's not maybe natively from North America.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Got it. Okay. That's interesting. And then just a quick one on sort of like -- I know 2025 is next year, but how do we think about the working capital sort of investments and maybe CapEx into '25? Do you think that $250 million or so is a good run rate for CapEx? And what do you expect working capital to be use of funds?
Holden Lewis: We haven't had those conversations to budget the CapEx. But I mean, CapEx, generally speaking, is volatile related to whatever investments you're making in the hub. And the reality is a significant proportion, probably half of the investment we're making in our hub category of CapEx this year is related to the construction of our Utah hub. We have a hub in Utah today, smaller lease, not automated. That business has gotten big enough that we can invest in a larger, more automated facility. That's what we're doing this year. There'll be a little bit more expense falling into next year related to that. But I think most of it falls into this year. And so I think you would expect that to step back. So I would expect that $250 million is probably a little bit higher than I would expect for next year. But again, we haven't had those conversations yet with the various departments. So I'll have more detail when we convene three months from now.
Dan Florness: When that question came up with the Board yesterday, the only added twist Ill put in there, as I said to the Board, when I think of the number, and Holden has done a wonderful job of really challenging us of where we -- pour on the investment where it makes sense, but also challenging us on where it doesn't. And for me, the guidepost has been, we are going to spend about 3% of sales, I think, over time, and our cash flow really supports that. And about a third of that is because of FMI. And the nice thing about that is that's a great business for us. A decade ago, when we were still trying to figure out up and down of what the heck that vending meant, it was a drag to our P&L. It was a drag to our returns. The fact that inventory turns a lot faster than a vending machine, you can make that capital investment. And so the cost of the shelf, whether it's a vending machine shelf or a shelf on an Onsite or shelf in the branch, the cost of that vending shelf as a percentage of sales is as good, if not better than the company. So it's a great business because it's a great tool for our customer. They like that as part of the supply chain. For customers that have vending, usually about a third of the revenue goes through the vending machines and two-thirds is outside of vending machine. So it's a tool in that supply chain. Some stuff's in the tool crib, some stuff's in a bin stock, some stuff's in a vending machine. So it's a great way with our Blue Team in the field to be an incredibly, strong supply chain partner to our customers. So a third of the -- of CapEx goes into FMI. About 40% goes into distribution and transportation. And then the remaining chunk is really about what we're spending on IT. We have an incredible team there. We're going to continue to pour love and investment into that group, and that was some of our headcount growth during the year, and it's on all the other stuff goes on in life. But that's really what breaks out. But 3% is a number to me. And fortunately, we have a better CFO today than we did 10 years ago. And that number is sub-3% because he challenges us to get rid of stuff we don't need and to really optimize.
Holden Lewis: And if you want to plug something, Nigel, I would tell you, it's probably between $200 million and $225 million is a better number. And congratulations, you just kicked off our internal conversations.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on the bifurcation between Onsite signings flat in Q3 and then FMI signings up 20%. Is this more so driven by increasing penetration at existing customers? Or when you guys are adding customers, they're larger? Or is it that the customers you're adding are just not -- it's not coming through via the Onsite? Just kind of more color on that 20% spread would be helpful. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Couple of things from me. One, Onsites are inherently more lumpy. The amount of investment that goes into getting an Onsite from signing through implementation to revenue generation, it's not an enormous amount of cost. It is a fair bit of energy that goes into that on our part as well as the customer's part, right? And that's not the same degree as FMI. So in many cases, customers who are not in an Onsite still want to deploy FMI, right? And I think that's the broader point. There -- we deploy a lot of FMI hardware at locations that are not Onsites. And so I would point out, again, what you're seeing, and I would focus on the installed base, you're seeing a better than 10% growth in our national contracts, you're seeing better than 10% growth in our Onsite installed base, and you're seeing better than 10% growth in your FMI installed base. I would tell you those things feel like they're fairly consistent to me. The month-to-month orders in Onsite, that can be lumpy. And I guess I'm not seeing the disconnect that you're asking about.
Dan Florness: The -- a couple of things I'll point out. I think the delta is more a statement about FMI and the success we're seeing. So, our FMI team will probably cringe because I'm shooting from the hip with some numbers here, and I don't know if I'm 100% accurate. But we have a couple of thousand Onsites. Probably 80% of those have FMI -- or have vending, probably 95% have FMI, if not 100%. But we have Onsites where it's just OEM fasteners, and we're not doing the safety vending, for example. But I think we have FMI now, vending at about 20,000 locations -- between 19,000 and 21,000. So that tells me 90% of the locations where we have vending is not an Onsite. And so -- and the one thing nice about FMI growing faster than Onsite, the speed to revenue in FMI is incredible. The speed to revenue in an Onsite, it's a gift that keeps giving into the future. But it -- the speed of revenue is different because you're doing a massive lift as opposed to dropping in five vending machines, and they're producing revenue this month as opposed to over the next six to 18 months of ramping up. So selfishly, I like the fact that our FMI is incredibly strong because it's great speed to revenue.
Holden Lewis: And a good platform as well to sort of move customers into more value-added areas such as Onsites because the vending machines pull us into those facilities on a regular basis, engaging with those employees. So it's a good system.
Dan Florness: I see we're about two minutes for the hour, and I'm just going to share a quick thought here and partly to put a little pressure on Jeff, probably put a little pressure on Donnalee in her new role. A decade ago, I stepped into this role, and I remember at the time, we had a lot of discussions about what do we have to do as an organization? We were about $4 billion back then. What do we have to do as an organization to add $0.5 billion a year in revenue. And that's our strategy. That's our guidepost. And if I look at it over time, we were $4.4 billion in 2017. We had $0.5 million every year, and forget the fact that the base changes every year, just do simple math, $0.5 million. -- $0.5 billion every year, that would imply in 2023, we should be $7.4 billion. So we're adding $1 billion every two years. We did $7.3 billion last year. Our challenge today is in a few years, we're going to be a $10 billion organization. What strategy do we need to add $1 billion a year in revenue? And that's what -- one of the reasons for putting Donnalee in the role is to help us -- help herd the cats a little bit of really having a great strategy for how we're going to do that. It allows us to be really focused on where we're making IT investments and why. Some of the realignments that Jeff's making with our digital strategy is really focused on that. To that regard, and Holden's probably going to kick me because I don't know that he was ready to announce it yet. In April, we plan on having an Analyst Day in connection with our employee -- excuse me, our customer expo that we hold in April of each year. So for the analyst community, you can bug Holden with the exact date. I don't know if he's nailed it down yet, but we'll be getting that information out shortly. But really, we want to be able to tell the story about how do we add $1 billion a year in revenue over the -- in the years to come and what's our guidepost and what's our KPIs to do it. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for joining our call today and for the folks in harm's way. And I did receive a message from Bob Hopper during the call, all of our employees are accounted for in the state of Florida from the latest Hurricane Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fastenal Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2024 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2024, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review these factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to the second quarter 2024 earnings call. Before I start on the quarter, I just wanted to share a couple of things. First off, I wanted to share a story about an onsite of ours in Sweeny, Texas, and I was speaking with Steve Diekman, our Regional Vice President based out of Houston, and for those of you that -- I suspect most people on the call are aware that Houston periodically gets hurricanes and they had a hurricane. And on -- typically what happens when there's a hurricane and this might be Steve Diekman in Houston, it might be Bob Hopper down in Florida, oftentimes, they'll get a call from me or from Casey to see -- and this is before, to see how everything is going, and we often remind them of, we got their back, and what that means is, when you're in the chaos of the moment, you're forced to make decisions on-the-fly and there's a lot of things going on and somebody with 20:20 hindsight a week later might pick apart decision you make at three in the morning to solve a problem. My comment to Steve and Bob is always, we've got your back, make great decisions to take care of our customers and to protect your employees. So -- and the second thing, and this happened a few years ago, read an article about a retirement community in Florida during the hurricane, they were without power and without resources for a few days, and when you read something like that, you're kind of like, how the hell does that happen in today's world, and so one thing I often will throw in there and say, hey, make sure your branches are paying attention to facilities around their area. It might be a hospital, it might be a retirement home, whatever it is, call them up and see if they're okay till they need something. I don't care if they're a customer of ours or not, be there to help because that's what we are. We're a supply chain when people need stuff. So we have an onsite in Sweeny, Texas with Phillips 66, with their refining facility. Refining facilities can be demanding customers. If you think about what they do, it's a facility where really bad things can happen if they're not on their A-game, and so they need something. They don't need it tomorrow, they don't need it next week, they need it. And so Wade, our -- one of our employees at the onsite, he comes into work on Sunday evening, he doesn't normally come into work on Sunday evening. He came to be there all night long because if they need something, he's there to supply that need. So the hurricane hit on Monday about 2 o'clock in the morning. I think it lasted about 6 hours in that area. A good chunk of Houston is without power right now, but our customers in that area get served by Fastenal. If you go to our branches, you'd find out -- a lot of our branches right now have no power. Their point-of-sale system and their lights are being run by generators, which means when there's a 106 degree heat index, it gets a little warm in there. So in the afternoon, they hop in their pickups and they go call on their top 15 customers, they'll call their other customers, is there anything we need. Most other businesses are hunkered down, maybe not being there in the same way. We're out there for a pragmatic reason. The only way you're going to get AC at one in the afternoon, in a 106 degree heat index, is be in your truck. But go see your customer, let them know we're there to serve them. Great thing about Fastenal and thank you to Wade for doing the night shift on Monday morning. The second thing, I wanted to touch on is, I want to congratulate our technology team. Last fall, we did a lot -- we're starting some projects around AI or as I prefer to refer to it internally, FI. It's not artificial intelligence, it's Fastenal Intelligence because the source data is our data and it's a really robust system that we decided to go out and build. And our goal was to roll it out in the second quarter for our folks to start using it. It rolled out on June 28. It's out there. Our folks are using it and I had the ability to test it some in early June. What amazed me, it's scary good, what this technology can do, and the way it's set up is we have a general information and it's our chatbot blue that we created about five years ago. The old system had 130,000, 140,000 Q&A payers, and based on a probability match, you got what you got. Now you actually get a well-thought-out answer and it tells you the source of your information and you can look internally at Fastenal-only data, so it's Fastenal Intelligence. And if you want to go deeper, you can go externally if you want, but you know the source and you know how it is. The source of information is the quality of the information and sometimes you get what you get when you're on the world web. But it's great information on general supply-chain questions. We have embedded Bob Kierlin's book, The Power of Fastenal People. So there's great leadership insight. It's like you're asking Bob a question. It's published right now in 30 plus languages and the next piece we're working on that's going to deploy here in third quarter is an AI-assisted sourcing tool. And conceptually, what we're after is an employee to be able to look -- hop on this tool and identify what is this item the customer is asking for. What else is it? So I can help rationalize clear product substitutions depending on if you need it right now, maybe this isn't available for three days, but we have three things that could substitute for it, what do you need? And then understanding the supply chain, this is readily available, this is difficult to get and so you can have that discussion with your customer and then understand the market for that. What's the price in the market? What should you expect to pay for it? Because maybe it's something we haven't sold before. But it really is a tool that's being built, going to roll it out in the third quarter. We're excited about it and we'll see how that goes from there. But Fastenal Intelligence, not artificial intelligence. Third, take a look at the flip book, talk a little bit about the quarter. A tough quarter. Our net sales grew about 2%. Our underlying market remains challenging. EPS was down -- was $0.51, down about 2%. The item I shared with the Board yesterday. The team within Fastenal looks in a mirror and says, what are we being paid to do? Are we being paid to defend margin when we're growing 2% or are we being paid to figure out how to not grow 2%? The bias goes towards the latter, but we put emphasis on the former as well. And so I think we found the appropriate balance. Does that mean we did everything perfectly? No, there's always room for improvement, but I think we're appropriately balancing where we're going and how to not grow 2% with defending the margin at 2%. As you see in the table on the next slide, I'll get to that in a few minutes, but we continue in that sub-50 ISM, the Purchasing Managers Index, and that's 19 of the last 20 months, we saw a blip in March that proved to be a head fake. It's an uncommonly long duration that weighs on U.S. industrial production and consequently affects our daily sales rates because 75% of our revenue is industrial. Our efforts to accelerate our customer acquisition remain encouraging. A year, year and a half ago had some pretty frank discussions on this call about some missteps that we saw occurring in 2021 and 2022 where our focus on a common goal became blurred. I think there was a little bit too much of what I'm doing and not what we're doing, and when everyone individually is successful, but we're not successful, something is wrong with alignment. So I aligned all the sales organization under Jeff Watts at the time. Jeff is a proven strong leader of the organization. I have to say, Jeff has done a wonderful job in the last 12 to 18 months of pulling this thing together, but it wasn't just Jeff. It's Jeff and his team. It's Casey Miller stepping up in the U.S. It's Miguel and Tony stepping up International. It's Bill Drazkowski stepping up and everybody else that supports them, including me, stepping up their game to support the sales team as we align on a common goal. And I think you're seeing that in the second straight quarter of strong onsite and FMI signings and low-double-digit growth in national contract counts. As I mentioned earlier, we believe we have the right balance for managing our costs and we continue to maintain this balance, but I have reemphasized with our leadership team and as well as Holden and everybody else, this isn't a two person endeavor, this is a 23,000 person endeavor. We need to be really tight with spending in the current environment. The one thing that helps us in the latter half of all three -- '23, excuse me, in the first half of '24, is we have some wiggle room because of declining incentive comp, that wiggle room keeps getting thinner and thinner and so we need to be more dialed-in. Again, in all frankness, we felt in the first quarter as we were exiting that the second quarter was going to play a little differently. We realized as we went through April, that was not to be the case, then in early May, we tightened it down a bit and we've tightened down some more here in July. As you would expect from a distribution business, we continue to generate a very healthy operating cash flow and we have an incredibly flexible and strong balance sheet. The Page 4 is probably a weird chart. I asked Holden, hey, can we just put the table in? Because I have this nice table of ISM data going back, he's got it going back 50, 60 years or whatever the heck it is, but I haven't going back a decade. I said, we show it in because I think it's really good for our investor and our employees to appreciate the environment that we're in, and so we had all these numbers in there and then Holden came to me a couple of days ago and said, we actually can't publish that because that's a subscribed service. I said, well, can you just put in blanks and put a red square wherever the sub-50 is, so you can at least say magnitude, and he's like, yeah, we can do that. So what you see here is a lot of nothing, except for the fact you can see the duration of sub-50 ISM over the last decade plus 12 years. And you can see that since November of 2022, except for March of this year, we've been sub-50, so we had 16 consecutive months and now 19 out of 20 months. And if you look at that little table in the bottom-left, there's eight periods that Holden highlighted with extended sub-50 PMI readings. The third one, July of '81 to June of '83, was the longest period. I remember that, I was in college, just got out of -- just getting out of high school. You do not realize when you're in college how bad the economy is other than -- because you can -- I can find a part-time job, and fortunately, school was a little cheaper back in the early 80s than it is today. But I remember it being pretty tough for my parents and the family farm. The second one is August 2000 to January 2002, about 18 months there and that was the dot-com meltdown. And from a duration standpoint, the third one is right now and that was the 16 months that -- so it's 19 months, 18 months, and then 16 months duration before we had a blip. But you can see all these periods would have impacted Fastenal negatively, every one of these eight that we cite, and some were severe, some were long in duration, early 80s was both. I'll let the listener conclude on what you think that should mean to an industrial distributor. Internally, we say, okay, nobody jump out the window, let's focus on what we're doing to add business. Let's focus on what we're doing to grow the business, and for that customer that's business down, support the hell out of them. Page 5, 107 signings in the second quarter and active sites finished at 1,934, so we're approaching that 2,000 active onsites, 12% above where we were a year ago, and we grew low-single digits. A lot of our older onsites are negative right now. If you have the bulk of a customer's business and their business is down, 10%, 20% 30%, 40%, our revenue will follow suit. If it's OEM Fasteners, it follows suit in magnitude. If it's MRO, it follows suit directionally. FMI Technology. When I stepped into this role in 2015, I remember saying to the group, in 2014, we signed 49 devices a day and we frankly pulled way too many out. There's two things we need to do. We have to stop pulling out 20% plus of our installed base and we have to grow that 49 a day to 100 a day and we need the infrastructure to do it, and we slowly built it and slowly built it. 7,188 devices in the first -- in the second quarter, that's 112 per day. Our installed base is now 119,000 weighted devices, an 11% increase from last year, so we're taking market share. We're planting flags and we're making the business more resilient and efficient. An interesting thing happens, a lot of customers love the technology because they believe in their facility, it steps up their internal game, because when they see the OEM Fasteners in this Kanban bin that has RFID chips and it's not messy, it's not chaotic, it's well-managed, maybe you should do that throughout the production line. Maybe you should do that in a bunch of other places and it challenges everybody in the facility to step up their game and that includes Fastenal. So, in the -- about 42% of our sales are now going through an FMI Technology. And earlier, I mentioned the impact of the economy. I'll share a few statistics that we get. One thing with FMI, you get a lot of statistics on what's going through all these things. So in our FASTStock, and that's where we're going out with an Android device that we're scanning bins and we're managing it with a combination of technology and labor. In January of 2024, we did 16,387 orders per day through scanning technology. Our average order was $224. I already shared that from February to March, it dropped from $200 -- it was $225 in February, it dropped to $216 in March. About 60% of that was volume, while 40% of that was priced. Since then, it's been $216, $214, $217. So our dollars per order is down about $7 from $224. I didn't calculate the percentage here, so I apologize for that. But our orders per day have grown to 17,640 because we're deploying, we're deploying, we're deploying. So we have 1,253 more orders per day, a 7.5% increase. Interestingly enough, when I look at our customer acquisition, we have -- a number we've always tracked and it's our core accounts. It's -- it may be a more meaningful statistic when we were branch based and opening branches, but last year, our core accounts with some of the chaos and things we were doing and some execution missteps and some intentional steps, our cores per day from January to June were down about 4%. This year, they're up about 7%. Part of that is us working through some indigestion. Part of that is Jeff and our sales team getting traction and part of it is just overall execution by everybody supporting them. But bottom line is, it's $217 every time we scan a bin and not $224, but we're scanning 7.5% more bins. If I look at vending, and I look at vending, I'm not looking at FASTBin because it's not mature enough to really look at the data because it moves around too much because we're deploying so fast. But we have a lot of vending machines out there. In January, now this is not an order number, this is a monthly number. In January, we did $1,578 per -- weighted device per day. And recall when we started vending years ago and I'm old enough and I've been around here long enough to remember those days, we talked about $2,000 when we talked about it with the analyst community, we talked about where can we get that too. We started in the less than $1,000 category. We got it up into that $1,000 to $1,100 and we were stuck there for the longest time. And I have to say our teams and our vend -- our FMI teams that support them led by Jeff Hicks, have done a wonderful job of challenging and optimizing those machines over time that now we're doing close to $1,600, but we didn't do close to $1,600 in June, we did $1,454 per device. So about $124 less, about almost 8% less revenue per device, that's the economy. Because the -- we've added more devices -- as I mentioned, our FMI technology is up about over 11% from a year ago, but the customer needs fewer things. One advantage to Fastenal in the marketplace is by having our type of supply chain, not only are we a great supplier and supply chain partner to our customers, we can help them dial their expenses down faster when their business slows down and it just doesn't pile up because everything is on autopilot, and I believe that makes us a better partner. E-business rose about 25%. The E-procurement side is really the driver of that. Our E-Commerce side is okay. It's not great, but some of the things we're doing with AI is intended to improve that over time on the unplanned spend side. Finally, on digital footprint, 59.4%, that's taking all of our E-Commerce, all of our FMI, eliminating the double counting and saying what percent of our business is going through one of those two? It was 59.4% in the second quarter, actually in June, it hit 60%. We had expected that maybe we'd get to about 66% this year. We now think it's about 63% and that's not because we're not acquiring customers, it's because customers are spending less and it shows up in our numbers. With that, I'll setup and turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I will begin my comments on Slide 6. I think Dan covered the current business conditions, I won't add a lot there, but I can add some additional color from regional leadership. We continue to experience sluggish business activity that has persisted long enough at this point to be spurring an uptick in layoffs and shift reductions. There were more and longer shutdowns around the July 4th holiday. Some of those frankly are continuing, and overall, industrial production continues to exhibit modest declines as we saw in April and May with the key machinery component being weaker than the overall index, and we're feeling that. If I look at our business, total manufacturing grew 2.7%. Our Fastener product line was down 3% with contraction in MRO and OEM products. All other end markets declined 1%, reflecting continued contraction in non-residential construction and reseller end markets. This was partly offset by strong growth in warehousing customers, which combined with good FMI installs went a long way to driving our 7.1% growth in safety products. The profile of the second quarter in terms of performance by end market, product, and customer size was largely unchanged from the preceding quarter. We did have negative pricing in the period of 30 basis points to 60 basis points. Fastener prices remain down, which is not new, but we also experienced some slippage in price from non-Fastener products. I don't want to overstate the impact, I mean, our price cost was very modestly positive in the second quarter of 2024, however, it did ease from where it was in the first quarter of 2024, that's partly from comparisons and the softer market has made things a bit more challenging. Even so, we believe we can improve our own discipline in this area and intend to address the matter in the third quarter of 2024. Setting aside the cycle, we are increasingly encouraged over efforts to accelerate customer acquisition. The first half of 2024 has produced strong onsite and FMI signings and a highly successful customer expo. We are also experiencing accelerating growth now in the double-digits and improved mix in a number of our national account contracts. Regional leadership attributes these improvements versus 2023 to better alignment between our teams, a sharpened focus on selling, and the relative stability of the business environment, which is allowing teams to focus on winning business. Given our traditional lack of forward visibility, it is unclear when business activity will improve. It's also unclear how impactful holiday shutdowns or the hurricane in Texas will be on July. Even so, barring further erosion in macro conditions, the strong signings activity of the first half of 2024 should benefit sales trends in the second half of 2024 and into 2025. Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the second quarter of 2024 was 20.2%, down 80 basis points year-to-year. Recall in the April earnings call that we discussed a likely impact from the second quarter of 2024 from expenses related to our customer expo and actions taken to support certain warehousing customers in anticipation of additional future business. The combined impact was roughly 30 basis points in the second quarter of 2024 as expected. Some modest impact will carry into July, but the effect on margins in the third quarter of 2024 should be well below what we incurred in the second quarter. Gross margin in the second quarter of 2024 was 45.1%, down 40 basis points from the year-ago period. This was primarily due to product and customer mix. SG&A was 24.9% of sales in the second quarter of 2024, an increase from 24.6% from the year ago period. Total SG&A was up 3% due to deleveraging of employee related expenses, customer expo expenses, higher costs for selling-related vehicles as we refresh the fleet, and higher general insurance costs. We continue to believe we are effectively spending where we need to spend to support future growth and scrimping where we can scrimp and that as growth picks up, we will leverage the P&L. Putting everything together, we reported second quarter 2024 EPS of $0.51, down 2% from $0.52 in the second quarter of 2023. Now turning to Slide 8. We generated $258 million in operating cash in the second quarter of 2024 or 88% of net income. While below the prior period, when we were deliberately reducing layers of inventory, the current year's conversion rate is above historical second quarter rates. With good cash generation and a soft demand environment, we continue to carry a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with debt being 6.3% of total capital, down from 9.4% of total capital at the end of the second quarter of '23. Working capital dynamics were consistent with recent trends. Accounts receivable were up 2.8%, driven primarily by sales growth and a shift towards larger customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories were down 3.9%, which continues to reflect primarily the softer marketplace, the reduction of inventory layers built a year ago to manage supply constraints, and modest inventory deflation. While we will continue to focus on continuous improvement as it relates to inventory management, the rate of decline in our inventory balances will likely moderate going forward as the process of rightsizing our stock is now largely complete. Net capital spending in the second quarter of 2024 was $52.6 million, largely flat with $53.9 million in the second quarter of '23. For the full year, we have increased our anticipated net capital spending to a range of $235 million to $255 million, which is up $10 million from the prior range. We anticipate higher spending for vending devices where our mix of signings has been more heavily weighted towards higher cost and scaled units. The projected increase in net capital spending for the full year of 2024 is driven by higher outlays for hub automation and capacity, the substantial completion of an upgraded distribution center in Utah, an increase in FMI spend to support increased signings, and higher information technology purchases. Now before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a higher level perspective on the quarter. The market is tough and the various cyclical forces at play are impacting our growth and profitability, that's not something we control. What we do control is our ability to grow share in the marketplace. A year ago, we weren't as effective as we believe we could be. Today, it's becoming increasingly clear that the changes we made in leadership, approach, and focus are favorably impacting our ability to win new customers. Progress is not always a straight line, of course, but we believe we will build on the successes we've achieved in the first half of 2024 and that it brightens our short and intermediate-term outlook regardless of the cycle. Of course, we're most excited for what it means for our growth when activity levels among our existing customer base stabilizes. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I'm going to pass it back to Dan.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Holden. And earlier this morning, as you all know, we put out our earnings release, and just before market opened, we put out a second release. Normally, we would have put that release out after the market closed, but it's a Friday and we didn't want to -- I'm not a politician, I don't bury news into the weekend, I aspire to be a leader and we put news out, good and bad, and this is good news. I mentioned earlier about the transition that we had with Jeff Watts stepping into the Chief Sales Officer role. One thing I've learned from Jeff being in that role, first off, the sales leaders have stepped up their game to support Jeff in that expanded role, but of equal importance, maybe more important, everybody else has embraced Jeff, and Jeff has embraced him back from the standpoint of he's not a salesperson trying to figure out his way outside of sales, he's a business leader who has always had a great relationship with our finance team, with our HR team, with technology, with supply chain. But what he did is he took a big step in the last year, a year and a half, and said, I want to embrace more and I want to learn more, and he humbled himself to listen and learn. And he challenged some things back, as a result, we're a better organization. And I'll give you an example. Tony Broersma and his team will oversee the -- our supply chain and distribution. A number of years ago, and we're always doing this, we did a very significant reclass, and what that is, is you're deciding what the stock and distribution, and we remove some stuff, and when Tony stepped into that role, we all challenged them, but Jeff continued to challenge them, but we all challenge them about think about supply chain, not as what we stock in distribution, a distribution center. Think about supply chain as how we get product to the customer and where we stage it because we'll be a better organization. I don't care if our inventory goes up or down in distribution. Holden cares about our total investment, so do our shareholders, but we really care about how to best serve our customer. And Tony went to work on it and again, was challenged by a lot of people, so we're doing actually a do-over reclass and we're adding about 18,000 SKUs into distribution in the next six months or so. Between now and year end, we will probably add around $17 million of inventory to our balance sheet. Once in place, some of that will start to burn through, we think that will drop by about a third by March. And we think ultimately 18 months from now, the net impact is zero because we're restaging, we're moving stuff around and we're normalizing the quantity on hand. We believe the annual improvement to cost of goods is more than the initial investment in inventory. So that $17 million, we think is worth about $20 million because when you buy it that way, you're not hurried, you're not scrambling, you buy it more effectively because you can decide where you're sourcing it as opposed to an emergency spend. From a branch perspective, not only will they have these 18,000 SKUs available, their workload will actually go down, we cut about three million POS a year at the branch and onsite level. 300,000 of those POs relate to this product. So we'll cut our PO workload by about 10% at the branch and onsite level and enhance our gross margin and our service to our customer at the same time. We think that's a winner. When I think about what Jeff's doing, a couple of years ago, I really sat down with the Board and said, I'm turning 60, November of 2023, you really have to be -- you have to get to know our entire team better. I challenged them to -- we scheduled some field trips. We've been doing field trips the last several years. I challenged them to come to our Employee Expo in December, our Customer Show in April and meet our leaders. And I really asked them to get to know Jeff Watts better. And we announced this morning that Jeff has been elevated to President of Fastenal. I'm excited for Jeff. I'm more excited for Fastenal because my motivation is simply this. I should say our motivation is simply this. It's a means to grow faster and I believe Jeff will help that happen. I also -- I sat down with John Soderberg. I talked earlier about some of the things John has done and his team have done as it relates to Fastenal Intelligence, not artificial intelligence. And I sat down with John and I said, John, Jeff and I are going to drive you crazy, and I apologize for that. We're going to punch you from both sides and we believe we can move even faster, and so I'm excited for everything. But Jeff, congratulations. John, will try not to drive you too crazy. And to everybody else supporting Jeff and the organization, thank you. With that, we'll turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please proceed with your questions.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start with a follow-up on the pricing commentary you provided. The deflation in Fasteners has been ongoing for some time and is well-known, but the news today I believe, is in the safety category. So I was just curious if you could give us any context for what you've seen there. And then when you referenced taking steps to be a little more disciplined in the coming quarter, if you could give any insight on that? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. And again, bear in mind, I don't think it had a meaningful adverse impact in the second quarter, but we look at trends too, and the reality is our price cost was fairly neutral versus being somewhat positive last quarter and I think the pricing in the marketplace was a contributor to that. As you indicated, I'm not overly concerned about the Fastener side. Price is down, but so has cost, and frankly, I think the organization has done a nice job managing those two dynamics in that product line. And the reality is we have a unique value proposition there and that does make it easier. But we also have a unique value proposition in safety. And in light of that, we just -- I just don't think we were as disciplined about how we're thinking about price in a challenging market in the safety world, and then I would say, we weren't terribly disciplined in parts of our other product categories either. Now when I think about how we address that, the first step is just to elevate the issue. And I think Dan and I and Jeff and everybody involved in sales leadership have been raising the awareness of, as you're pursuing business in a soft market, we need to be fairly mindful of the solutions that we're bringing to the table and what we should be compensated for bringing those solutions to bear. And I think we've done a lot of talking about that and raising that awareness. But the second thing is to have tools that can provide insights into the field, real tangible financial tools. And over the last three, four, five years, we've spent a lot of time building and refining those tools, learning how to operate those tools and navigate them. And the -- that's intended to provide greater insight into what the market cost for something is, what pricing is, what costing is, etc. And we use those tools to try to incentivize behavior among our Blue team colleagues. And we're going to use those tools in the third quarter of 2024 to do exactly that, and so at the end of the day, I think that we need more discipline among our contract sellers and more discipline in our field personnel and they need to trust the tools because the tools are in great shape. And we're just going to use the levers that we have at our disposal to take an organization that's more aware of the challenge that this marketplace has given us and respond accordingly.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Holden. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the nexus between some of the warehousing customers where you've been ramping and the gross margin trends. It sounds like the impact from the warehousing ramps was as planned in Q2 and should ease into Q3, but any other context or any way you can quantify that would be helpful. And then, if you set that against your typical gross margin trends, Q2 to Q3 and maybe even into Q4, how does that net out in terms of what you might forecast for this year versus the typical just given some of these new dynamics?
Holden Lewis: Now recall that I had indicated that some of the gross margin trends that were impacting Q2 were going to be largely contained to Q2 and some of those may have bled into July a bit, but for the most part, I think that statement remains true. If we remove that dynamic, then I think the gross margin on that product is unremarkable for safety products, frankly, going forward. Now, do I think the investments that we've been making and the actions we've been taking puts us on pace to get additional revenue from that customer set in the back half of the year? I do, but it shouldn't have an appreciable mix impact on the safety margin as a category. Does that answer the question?
Tommy Moll: Yeah. And maybe just to tie it all together, if you think about -- and this is consolidated results I'm talking to here, your typical progression for gross margins from Q2 to Q3, how would you characterize that typical progression? And is there anything this year where there's a noteworthy good guy or a bad guy?
Holden Lewis: It almost feels like a third question. I would tell you that the traditional gross margin pattern from Q2 to Q3 for the company is typically Q2 and Q3 looks fairly typical or looks fairly similar to one another. Now relating it back to the question that you originally asked on the warehousing side of the business, like I said, I think a lot of that impact that we talked about last quarter, very little of it is going to remain in the gross margin, and so I think that -- think about seasonality and maybe a touch better than that based on the absence of some of those expenses.
Tommy Moll: Got it. Thank you, Holden. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Stephen Volkman: Hi. Good morning, guys. Maybe since we're on the P&L, I'll just -- I'll stick with it and go to the next level here. Holden, I think you said, maybe you both said several times, there's a real focus on SG&A control, and I know that some of the unusual SG&A expenses from the second quarter probably go -- trail-off. So I'm curious how you're thinking about sort of leverage on SG&A holding in the second half?
Holden Lewis: As I was looking through it, I'm going to dodge the question a little bit because what I've observed is, you've to tell me what you're going to build in for our revenue growth. If I look at Q2 and Q3 SG&A historically as an example, what I find is that when Q3 revenue growth accelerates versus Q2, our SG&A dollar -- the dollar growth of our SG&A accelerates as well, and vice-versa, right? And so it's hard for me to answer that question without knowing what you're going to build in or what each you're going to build in for your revenue growth and we don't have time for that in this form. And so -- I would encourage you to figure out what you can do with the revenue line, and traditionally, you will see SG&A growth between Q2 and Q3 kind of track that trend. Now, I do anticipate that we'll be tighter in Q3 than we were in Q2 with costs. That might mitigate that impact to some degree. But the reality is, I know everyone kind of wants to say, well, let's just look at the dollars in a vacuum and what has historically happened, but when 70% to 75% of your SG&A is labor and there's a significant component of your labor that is variable cost, I can't separate the analysis from the analysis of revenue. And so build in your revenue forecast, take a look at what historically Q2, Q3 has played out, make your assumptions, and on top of that, I would argue that we expect to be a little bit tighter on cost than perhaps seasonally we have been in the past, and that's how I think about our SG&A trajectory in the next quarter or two.
Stephen Volkman: Okay. Fair enough. And since you sort of teed me up on this, in terms of thinking about the revenue trend going forward, should we read anything into kind of the better cadence of the quarter, i.e., May better than April, June better than May, do you think there's any kind of an inflection happening or is it more just that your ability to outgrow is kind of starting to gain some traction or is it just kind of the numbers are still small and we shouldn't read too much into it?
Holden Lewis: Okay. I believe our ability to gain traction has improved. I think some of the underlying statistics I cited are evidence of that. I also said in April that we popped about 50 in ISM in March and that felt kind of good, and in three weeks later -- two weeks later, I was kind of like, well, that good ended really fast, but it's a noisy fall. Last I heard, there's a U.S. Presidential election and like most years, it's kind of a boring event. But I think there's going to be a lot of noise in the market and some of the stuff the Fed is looking at doing is positive. I don't know that that changes things in the next three to six months, but the fact that they're talking about it is positive.
Daniel Florness: If you're looking -- if the question is about green shoots, I don't have a lot of green shoots for you on the macro side. Where I do think we're accelerating though is on the self-help side, right, with the contract signings and the onsite signings and the FMI signings, the reality is, you sign an onsite today, it's not generating revenue tomorrow. There's a period of time it takes for those sorts of things to start to hit our results. In the first half of 2024, we were feeling the impact of relatively low signings in 2023. I think in the back half of '24, you're going to begin to feel the benefits of the stronger signings in the first half of 2024, whether that be FMI, whether that be onsites, whether that be contracts. And so I think we're very encouraged about what we're doing to acquire customers. But I don't have a lot of green shoots at the macro level.
Stephen Volkman: All right. Thank you, guys.
Daniel Florness: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: I just want to go back to the -- yeah, good morning. I wanted to go back to the price deflation on the safety and other products. I mean, obviously, you addressed the question from Tommy, but is this a function of a more competitive environment? So you've seeing a bit more pressure from competitors maybe because they've got more products or excess inventories, or is this more elective from your RBPs (ph) to try and gain share? I mean, obviously, you've been very successful in contract signings, onsite, et cetera, so I'm just wondering if this is a bit more offensive or defensive.
Daniel Florness: I don't know that I have a great way to parse that out. We are in the marketplace trying to win business. I don't think that we need to compete on price. We historically haven't competed on price, but the reality is the marketplace is challenging and that introduces different stresses than would be the case when it's not, right? And so I can't tell you it's 60-40 one way or the other, I just -- I don't -- I'm not in those minds when they're having those conversations, but I don't have any reason to believe that the two things aren't related, to be honest. We are hungry to grow and that influences decisions. Our customers are hungry to save -- to save it -- save costs that influences decisions and that isn't necessarily a negative. Sometimes -- oftentimes we're the source of saving cost, and that helps us. Some of our traction with national account signings, some of our traction with FMI might be a customer that's a little bit slower right now and they're looking for ways to save costs and we're the ticket and we're seeing that in our success.
Holden Lewis: Now to the degree that part of the question is, is Fastenal consciously willing to accept lower margins in order to win business? I would tell you the answer is no. There's individual decisions being made in the field based on conversations that are being had and judgments that make sense to that individual and that situation at that time. So there's not a -- we aren't winning business because we said, don't sweat the margin. We think the margin and return on our business is very important. But there is nonetheless a challenging marketplace and different individuals react differently to that marketplace and I just think that you're getting to use someone else's word, a nexus between both the market and the conversations with customers.
Nigel Coe: Yeah. No, that's a great answer. Thanks for that. And my follow-up is on the onsite performance and the mature onsites. It looks like mature onsites sales are maybe down low-single digits in that sort of realm. Obviously, we saw this trend develop last quarter and you've made some management changes around that, just wondering, maybe just a bit more detail on what you've seen in these mature onsites and sort of the pathway to improved performance.
Holden Lewis: That's production. Dan said it, I think in this preamble, right? When you have one customer, the fate of your business hinges on what the experience of that one customer is, and as a business, we're 75% manufacturing. Within our onsite world, I bet you it's substantially above that level. And so if there's a manufacturing environment that's challenging, the onsites are going to feel it to a greater degree. The onsites are going to be more heavily oriented towards production, that's why you're seeing our OEM Fasteners grow in the mix along with onsites growing in our sales mix. And so -- I think you have a combination of the impact of macro on that particular customer category, combined with the fact that, again, it does take a little while for the signing success that we're having today to translate into revenues tomorrow. So I think you're bearing disproportionate burden of the macro in the first half of this year. It doesn't appear the second half of the macro is going to be a lot better, but I do think that some of the signings that we've enjoyed in the first half are going to begin to grow in that environment, and that's how I'd probably characterize it. On the mature onsite, I'll just throw in one little nugget, and that is, our East and Western United States business units have been separate business units since 2007, and a year ago, we pulled them together back into one, and Casey Miller oversees that $6 billion business in the U.S. Casey was a Regional Vice President in the Kentucky, Tennessee area. He's originally from Kentucky, lives in Nashville now. And he -- Casey's business and by extension, Eastern U.S., which he led for the last eight years, is great at customer acquisition, great at it. One observation he made as he's got into the Western business unit because the Western business unit wasn't as great at customer acquisition, but they were great at maturing and farming those relationships. And so the one benefit of combining the U.S. into one business unit, I think that East and Western halves of our business can really learn a lot from each other and I think that's a positive and win for our customers, our employees, and our shareholders.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks, Dan.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
David Manthey: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
David Manthey: Yeah. And congratulations to Jeff on the new title. Just one question this morning. I'd like to zoom out and maybe ask you about some secular factors here. Could you refresh us on how you think about outgrowth versus industrial production and your contribution margin expectations? Here, I'm thinking not about the next year but long term over the cycle. Thanks.
Holden Lewis: I would say, historically, I'll say recent history, last decade or so, we have typically found that our outgrowth against industrial production has been in the 5 percentage point to 6 percentage point range. One of the reasons that we have made or that we made the changes that we made 12, 15, 18 months ago was because frankly, we had slipped in that regard and it's probably been running in the 3% to 4% range, which is below what we are typically accustomed to. The changes that we've made, we're very confident will move us back to that 5% to 6% range, but quite frankly, I think our objective over time -- and look, we have to prove to everybody that we can do this, but I think our objective over time is to increase that 5% to 6% to something greater than that because we think that the value we bring to the market warrants the ability to grow faster. And so what you're seeing in terms of the changes in personnel, the changes in approaches, it's really just the first step to kind of correcting something that maybe we weren't doing as well a year and a half ago, and then we're going to build on that, and I think from a secular standpoint, we'd like to do better than that 5% to 6% in excess of IP in future. From an incremental margin standpoint, a contribution margin standpoint, no, I think we've always said, 21%, 22% type operating margin is the business that's where we think we can operate effectively while still growing significantly and gaining market share. And in this environment of 2% growth, we've given up some of that margin. But I do believe that as the business gets better -- when the business gets better, I think we still have the capacity to leverage the P&L and return to that 21%, 22% range.
David Manthey: Appreciate it, Holden. Thanks for the update.
Holden Lewis: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I just have one as well, and it's on the macro. So can you just level set us on the macro, is it fair that the industrial economy has just slowed sort of slightly versus 1Q or is it more pronounced? That's the first part of the question. And then I'm hearing that it could stay a little weak until after the election. I know that's crystal ball stuff, but what do you think about that?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I will say that in terms of regional feedback, I probably got a few more comments about extended shutdowns, layoffs, things like that, it doesn't feel to me that the overall level of activity has changed. It does feel to me like our customers have decided to some extent throw in the towel on the near term and make some adjustments to their cost structures in light of what has been a fairly lengthy downturn. So like I said, I don't feel like the floor has fallen any further, but I feel like customers are saying this could last longer than we expect and making cost adjustments to react to it. That's how I'd probably characterize it. In terms of the crystal ball, I don't know. I don't have a good answer for you, I'm afraid. As you know, we don't have a lot of forward visibility, you know that, and I'm going to choose not to express an opinion about the election. Dan certainly can feel free to.
Daniel Florness: I'm not touching that one with a 10-foot pole.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. I get that. I was just sort of hearing that from some of the feedback and was just curious, RVPs were hearing that -- it usually happens [indiscernible] in front of the election, I think is history.
Holden Lewis: Well, I can tell you that people say it does. And yeah, I can tell you, Ryan, that we are getting a lot of feedback from the regionals that people are holding their powder until something gets resolved on the election. I'll leave it to the listeners to determine how much they think that is true, not true, valid, not valid, will impact, will not impact.
Daniel Florness: I meant the election part, I won't touch the 10-foot pole. It's -- I suspect there aren't too many customers out there or players in the market that are expecting anything to rev up for, and so I think it'll be fairly subdued.
Ryan Merkel: You got a reputation for predicting things, so I thought maybe go down that path, but no.
Daniel Florness: I can't even predict that somebody is going to win the election.
Ryan Merkel: Well, thanks, guys. I appreciate the color.
Holden Lewis: You bet, Ryan. Thanks, Ryan.
Daniel Florness: Thank you. It is four minutes on the hour. Again, thank you for joining us on the call today. I want to extend to Jeff, his wife, Tuson, and their two children, congratulations on the new role and new opportunity. And thanks, everybody, have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal 2024 Q1 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of the Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2024 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2024, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Taylor, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter call. And I'm going to go right to the flip book, page 3. And my comments on page 3 can be summarized with five statements. First one is, a tough quarter. Second one is, tricky calendar. Third one is, highlighting the customer expo. Third [sic] [Fourth] is strong performance on our growth drivers. And then the final is financially strong and that strength is continuing to build as we've seen in recent years. Going back to the tough quarter. So we grew about 2%. Coming into the quarter, we anticipated a number that was probably in that 4% neighborhood. And the tricky calendar was really a function of January and February are seasonally weaker months for us. Then March starts to pick up as we move into the spring. So having two days shifted out of March and into January and February, respectively, wasn't helpful, but that was a known event coming into the quarter. And having the quarter end on Good Friday being in March versus in April is negative. But that's probably more of a function of trying to rationalize and figure out things on the quarter. The truth of the matter is the core issue remains sluggish demand. A positive we saw is after 16 consecutive months of sub-50 Purchasing Managers Index, we broke above 50 in the month of March. And the other day, I chatted with Holden and I said, how long have they been checking the PMI statistics and he said, yeah, since early 1970s. So, we did a look and there's been two periods that have had longer duration of 16 months. The one would have been in the early 1980s, I believe it was a 19-month duration. The other was in the dotcom meltdown year of the early 2000 that was about a 17 or 18-month duration. Now in full disclosures, they were a little bit longer. They were actually more severe as far as where it went into -- how far into the 40s that it went or even into the upper 30s. There were a few other periods, obviously, the 2008, 2009 period, much shorter in duration, but pretty steep, but we feel positive about the 15 March, and time will tell if it's a head fake or if it's real, but that speaks to what we think might be happening as we move into the second half of the year. The customer expo, which we'll host next week on the 17th and 18th in Nashville, Tennessee. I'm upbeat about that from the standpoint. One aspect that's challenged us in recent years with customer acquisition has been the fact that starting about 20 years ago, we started doing an employee event or we bring employees in, engage with our suppliers, and it was a great opportunity to hold in the month of December, some planning discussions for the next calendar year, but also have a trade show where employees get to interact directly with suppliers and learn about their products, learn about their supply chain. And also over time, learn more and more about some of the FMI devices that are coming out, which started up in the kind of the 2007, 2008 time frame when we started vending. What we learned a number of years into it that a lot of employees want to bring their customers to this. They thought to be a great means to expose our customer to their supply chain. And we started doing that probably five, six years later, and we've been doing that for many years. In 2020 and 2021 because of COVID, we had to shut down the event. And we felt the impact of that over time, and it shows up in things like on-site signings. It shows up in how we're engaging with that customer. What I'm pleased to say is, after restarting the event in 2022 and continuing it in 2023 and 2024, in 2024, we were surprised by the overbooked status of the show, and we've had to dramatically expand it. And Holden will touch on some of that in his comments about what that means for the second quarter as far as expenses. But we'll have 50% more people attending this year than did last year, and we'll have double the number of people attending this year than we did last year. I believe that speaks well to our ability to capture market share with that subset of customers. And that's been challenging us for the last several years because we just couldn't engage in the same way. So, it's an expense issue for the second quarter. It's a really high-class expense issue for the second quarter. On the next page, I'll touch on growth drivers. So flipping to Page 4. On-site, we had 102 signings during the quarter. So the number of active sites we had operating at the end of the quarter was up about 12% from what it was in the first quarter of last year. And our sales going through that channel grew low single-digits, which tells me that that's where we're seeing the demand issue play out in our numbers is because that number should be closer to what we're seeing in unit growth. The FMI Technology, we signed 105 devices a day, and I believe we've only had one quarter that we've ever done over 100. And if you think back to a few years ago, what we really challenged our team to do back in that 2017, 2018 time frame, we geared up our infrastructure to support 100 signings a day. And we challenge everybody to engage with our customer and to get there. And by 2022, we were doing about 83 a day. In 2023, we had grown that to about 90 a day. And those numbers are based on the average of the first three quarters of the year. So, last year, we did 92, 106, 95, average of about 98. Officially, we've always said that we want to get that over 100. Internally, what we've challenged our team to do is to get that number up into the 120s. And so, we feel really good about Onsite and FMI Technology as far as the progress we're making to take market share. In a similar comparison that I did with the unit growth of Onsite. So FMI, we have 10.5% more devices today than we did a year ago, but you can see some falloff in the revenue per device. And in safety, for example, we grew about 8%. And when I look at our revenue per device, it's down 1% to 2% from a year ago. It's been pretty flat as we've gone through the year so far. And again, that's a demand, but ultimately, it's a market share. It's a land grab. And so, we will take market share by deploying more devices. And then we have to live with what the actual consumption is in those customers, whether it's robust or less than robust. It's a sign of permanent market share, and I'm pleased with the progress we're seeing there, and how it shines through in things like our safety because about half of our vending sales involve safety products. E-commerce continues to get nice traction. And our digital footprint continues to expand. We're approaching 60% of sales. And our anticipation is sometime this year that number will hit the mid-60s, 66 is our target. And ultimately, we believe that ends up being 85% of sales. So on the second page, I feel really good about the progress, but I'll finish where I started. It was a tough quarter, and we feel good about where we're going. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to begin on Slide 5. Total and daily sales in the first quarter of 2024 were up 1.9%. Q1 is seasonally low volume to start, but this year contended as well with severe weather in January and a good Friday holiday that fell in March for the first time in five years, an impact that was compounded by a following on the last business day of the quarter. This timing is estimated to have cost us 30 to 50 basis points of growth in the quarter. No matter how one treats this noise, however, it doesn't mask that the primary challenge remains poor underlying demand. Industrial production declined slightly in January and February, but the components that most directly affect Fastenal such as machinery, were much weaker than the overall index. Overall, end market and product dynamics are unchanged from prior periods. Total manufacturing grew 2.6%, continuing to moderate from prior periods, while our fastener product line was down 4.4% with contraction in MRO and OEM products. This reflected soft industrial production, particularly for key components such as fabricated metal and machinery, and in the case of fasteners, negative pricing. Non-residential construction and reseller continued to contract though at moderating rates as we experienced easier comparisons. Sales into warehousing, which are the fulfillment centers of retail-oriented customers remained healthy in the first quarter of 2024, albeit not quite at levels experienced in November and December of 2023. This combined with good FMI signing contributed to 8.3% growth in sales of safety products. The tone of business activity from regional leadership is best characterized as steady at weak levels. We are encouraged by the forward-looking PMI moving above 50 in March for the first time since October '22. However, current conditions remain better defined by the string of sub-50 readings that prevailed in the latter part of '23 and at the start of 2024. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the first quarter of 2024 was 20.6%, down 60 basis points year-over-year. Looking at the pieces, gross margin in the first quarter of 2024 was 45.5%, down 20 basis points from the year ago period. Product and customer mix was a drag, partly offset by slightly positive price/cost, which continues to recapture the negative price/cost that we experienced in the first quarter of 2023. In addition, with stocking levels largely rightsized, we experienced an increase in product movement across our network, which produce leverage of internal and external trucking resources. SG&A was 24.9% of sales in the first quarter of 2024, an increase from 24.6% from the year ago period. Total SG&A was up 3.2%. Occupancy and other SG&A expenses were well contained, increasing just 1.5% collectively. The deleverage was from labor costs, which increased 3.9%, which included a 3.3% increase in average FTE in the period and substantially higher health care costs. The consistent low growth in SG&A over the last five quarters reflects the Blue Team doing a good job, spending where appropriate to support growth and scrimping where appropriate to preserve margin, but at some point, sales growth is the core issue. And as growth accelerates, we believe we will leverage the P&L. That said, I wanted to provide a little color on some factors that may affect margins in the second quarter of 2024. First, we continue to make investments in travel, hardware and personnel to support near and intermediate-term growth. This won't necessarily to any greater degree than was true in the first quarter of 2024, but it was a reason for deleverage in the period and could be again, if growth doesn't accelerate in the second quarter. Second, the expansion of attendees at our customer expo will result in an increase in expenses in the second quarter of 2024 on both an annual and sequential basis. Third, our success solving customer -- certain customers' supply chain challenges in the fourth quarter of 2023 has created opportunities to service these customers at greater scale in the future. This will require certain near-term investments to ensure that we can meet these customers' needs. The latter two items could impact second quarter 2024 operating margins by approximately 30 basis points. We do not expect these costs to carry over into subsequent periods. Putting everything together, we reported first quarter 2024 EPS of $0.52, flat versus the first quarter of 2023, with net income up just slightly at up 0.6%. Turning to Slide 7. We generated $336 million in operating cash in the first quarter of 2024 or 113% of net income. While below the prior year, when we deliberately reduced layers of inventory, the current year's conversion rate is consistent with historical first quarter rates. With good cash generation and a soft demand environment, we continue to carry a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with debt being 5.5% of total capital down from 10.9% of total capital at the end of the first quarter of 2023. Working capital dynamics were consistent with recent periods. Accounts receivable were up 5.5%, driven primarily by total sales growth and a shift towards larger customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories were down 9.4%, which continues to reflect primarily the reduction of inventory layers built a year ago to manage supply constraints and modest inventory deflation. While we will continue to focus on continuous improvement as it relates to inventory management, the rate of decline in our inventory balances will likely moderate going forward as the process of rightsizing our stock is largely complete. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2024 was $48.3 million, an increase from $30.9 million in the first quarter of 2023. This increase is consistent with our expectations for the full year where we anticipate capital spending in a range of $225 million to $245 million, up from $161 million in 2023. This increase remains a result of spending for hub automation and capacity, the substantial completion of an upgraded distribution center in Utah, an increase in FMI spend in anticipation of higher signings and in information technology. Now before turning to Q&A, I wanted to offer a higher level perspective on the quarter. Quantitatively, as Dan noted, it was challenging. But qualitatively, it was an encouraging quarter. We've touched on our disappointment with the pace of customer acquisition over the past several quarters and the changes made in mid-2023 to begin to address this. We view customer enthusiasm for our expo, the solid performance of our growth drivers and trends in our contract business as manifestations of those efforts starting to take root. Change takes time and success can be uneven. However, we do believe we are seeing good indications of progress, which should reaccelerate market share gains as we proceed through 2024. With that, operator, we will turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to double-click on Onsites where the KPI this quarter was quite strong, as you referenced. And Holden, you alluded to some of the leadership changes from recent months. I assume there's a connection there. But what can you do to just bring us in a little deeper on that Onsite performance in Q1 and what you might expect going forward? What's changed?
Dan Florness: I think we -- one of the changes we made, and this was -- if I go back 15 years, we made a decision to split our business into three distinct entities, essentially, the Eastern US, the Western US, and international. And in our national accounts team, we split into three pieces to as we align with those three business units. We did that for about seven years. And around 2014, we saw that national accounts being three distinct entities, it was a little chaotic. And so we rolled that back into one umbrella. When we're going through 2022, we're putting up really good numbers and the economy is rebounding. But when I look at things like what was going on with our Onsite signings, what was going on with our contract acquisition numbers, they were softening and it's not about a person or a thing. It's about sometimes are we aligned to pursue a common goal, or are we too fixated on our individual goals? It seemed like we had so many groups talking about how well they were doing. But somehow if every group is doing well and the organization is slipping, something's wrong with how we're looking at it. And so in the spring of 2023, we realigned everything under one sales leader and realigned the US back into one business unit. And there's disruption when there's change, and it takes time to gain traction. But I think a manifestation of that is the Onsite signings and one month isn't a trend, but they improved. The fact that we're scrambling in the last 45 days, the last 30 days, and I say, we  there's a team that's coordinating our trade show. So it's been extremely busy lining up additional hotel rooms, additional space for an event that's much larger than we anticipated two months ago. That's a function of an engaged sales team and a customer that's engaged with us of understanding how we can help their business. So that's what the 102 means to me and of equal importance, the record sign-up relative to post-COVID world on folks attending our show and learning about how we can help. And I know personally, the visits I've been on, there's some really good traction going on out there, and I feel good about it. We just have to work through the fact that we were taking market share from the standpoint of contract signings at an unacceptably low rate for a period of time. And the time between changing your sales focus, getting traction and that turns into revenue, doesn't happen in a quarter.
Holden Lewis: Probably what I might add to that is I think an area where some of the changes are, perhaps, having the most rapid beneficial impact is probably on the contract side of the business. We've seen improvements in sort of the rate of signings on the contract side as well. And bear in mind, when you're talking about national accounts and large customers, those also tend to be the kinds of customers that are signing up Onsites, utilizing more vending machines, right? And so some of the early indications of success we're having in that group, I think, also lend itself to that area. So again, it's uneven. I know Onsite signings can be lumpy. But you just look at a lot of those indications as a sign that the steps that we've taken are beginning to take root.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about a new disclosure you introduced today, just breaking out your OEM versus MRO fastener business with some new granularity there. I was just curious what was the decision-making process to do that? And is there a takeaway you want us to make sure to have today? I mean one that comes to mind is just the relative size of those two businesses where OEM is nearly 2x the MRO in terms of revenue contribution. But if there's something you want to make sure we take away, please flag it for us.
Dan Florness: We've been looking at that number internally for a number of years. And in full disclosure, when we first started delineating it, we had to figure out how to do it because it isn't always evident what is an OEM sale, what's an MRO sale. In the early years, the way we did it, OEM sales are not taxable. MRO sales are taxable. So our initial take at estimating what the two pieces were was to look at it in that lens. And that actually proved to be pretty accurate. And then we fine-tuned it and fine-tuned it. I think the biggest change is why Holden is willing to put it in a document because I didn't know he was putting it in this quarter until I read it in the draft of the press. The biggest reason, I think he feels more comfortable talking about it in print rather than talking about it in concept. And other than that, I don't know if there's a message behind it and Holden you might tell me I'm full of it, and he's got a message there.
Holden Lewis : Now as I usually say, we're not playing a three-dimensional chess here with data. We gather the information, we figure we'd provide some information. Now I will tell you that both OEM and MRO tend to move with industrial production directionally the same way. But I think there's certainly.
Dan Florness: As far as fasteners are concerned.
Holden Lewis : As far as fasteners are concerned. Now I think there's some information that could be in there, right? I mean when you think about Onsites. Onsites are probably more oriented towards OEM fasteners than MRO fasteners. And so there's some information in there about how Onsites are going. It gives you a little bit more granularity and the cyclicality because again, OEM fasteners tend to be -- while the directionality may be the same, the order of magnitude may be different. So it gives you a little bit of color into that as well. So as Dan indicated, we gathered the data anyway. We saw no reason why we shouldn't share it. Question is about to come up on the call, and so you can have it.
Tommy Moll: Appreciate it. I'll turn it back. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is now live.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. And I appreciate the question. Maybe first, starting on SG&A and the willingness to spend and invest in the business. I felt like the past couple of quarters the message was really tightening the belt in response to lower growth. This quarter, it seems like it's more willing to spend to support and drive that higher growth. So is that the right takeaway? And do you feel like maybe more spend is needed to get back to the more normalized historical levels of market outgrowth and customer acquisition? Thank you.
Dan Florness: Yes. I guess, I would maybe phrase that differently in one regard. We've been investing to grow throughout the cycle. But we had some offsets and we talked about this in the January call, and that was we were closing locations for a decade, and that gave us a little nugget of an offset. As we went through 2023, one nugget of an offset was the fact that in 2022, our earnings grew quite dramatically. And in our incentive comp, which is linked to earnings growth, a big piece of it grew quite dramatically. That softened as we went through 2023 and quite frankly more normalized. And but as we get deeper into that, moving away from the 2022 time frame, some of that benefit isn't there. So I don't know that it's a function of -- and I'm looking at it from a growth standpoint and expense, not an absolute. I think it's probably more of a function. Our investments to grow are shining through a little bit more now than maybe they were in the last six to eight quarters
Holden Lewis : Yes. And I think really, I think what's changed is the rate of growth, too. I often get asked, where is that delineation point where you can expand margin or contract margin. And I've always said it's kind of around that mid single-digit number. I think we've done a nice job limiting over the last five quarters our SG&A growth to 5% or less in each of them. And at the levels of growth, which were unsatisfactory, but not first quarter 2024 unsatisfactory, we were able to defend the margin. I think part of the point I wanted to make is we're not panicking over the deleverage. We don't have a cost problem. But at the same time, there are some things that we're going to continue to invest in. And when I called out 20% growth in sales travel, I don't know that I regret that, to be honest, because I think that, that is related to the improvements we're having in our contract business, the improvements we're having in our signings, right? And we're not going to react to a 2% growth quarter, which we believe is very temporary by beginning to slash costs. I think that was the message. I think as it relates to the other items that we talked about, the Expo and sort of the opportunities we have with a certain customer group that really is just to make a point that we have opportunities that's going to have a spend a little bit more than we might normally do in a single quarter. And we just felt that we should call that out for you because it does matter as you build your models. But I don't think that -- our approach has always been that we're going to invest in the business, and we continue to do so.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate that. It makes a lot of sense. For the follow-up, a question that we continue to get from investors is around the impact of potential tariffs based on the outcome of the November election. So, just would be interested in your guys' perspective and what that could mean for the business? Thank you.
Dan Florness: Our covenant with our customer is a reliable supply chain, a high-quality supply chain, a cost-effective supply chain. The biggest thing we focus on is diversity of supplier. And historically, we didn't necessarily look at that from a geographic standpoint. We looked at it from a number standpoint. For this commodity, for this fastener for this, whatever it might be, you have multiple sources of supply. So if you have a disruption, you can pivot. The other thing we tried to do is we wanted to be a customer of an meaningful size to our supplier base, such that, if there's a pecking order of supply constraint, we're first in line on that pecking order, because we have -- we've been a reliable customer and we pay with cash. And those two things are powerful things in any environment, but especially a constrained supply environment. One thing we have been doing, and this has been going on for the last four or five years is we have made a conscious effort to continue to diversify our supply base, not just by the number of suppliers, but by the geographies from which we obtain product. That's part of our covenant with our customer. We balance that with cost effectiveness. And because, if you -- it's sitting on the customer and saying, what's the trade-off of what we're willing to spend for supply chain to have that diversity of supply, because there is a trade-off there. Obviously, tariffs can have two impacts. One, it changes the math exercise of the trade-off. It also increases the expense of supply chain. To the extent it increases the cost of the customer supply chain, that will manifest itself in our revenue growing little bit faster because we're pricing that as it's coming through. But our covenant with our customer is to always have an incredibly reliable source of supply, impeccable quality in that supply and a cost-effective supply chain and we balance those every day.
Holden Lewis: Probably the only thing I would add to that is, our execution wasn't as crisp as we might have liked during the first period where there was tariffs. Remember, there's also some ancillary inflation on top of the tariff that was occurring at that time. And we struggled a little bit to sort of capture it all in the moment. I would say that since that, and frankly, because of that period, we made significant investments in the technology that we utilize to understand the environment and communicate internally and externally with sort of the structure of our business and how we kind of manage our pricing and costing processes. And I think that you've seen the effectiveness of those changes through this last few years where there's been very significant inflation and our ability to keep up with it fairly effectively and on time. And so again, I don't know what the future holds on that, but to the extent that there's anything that moves up the cost of product, we think we're better served to execute effectively than we were five years ago during the last period of time.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. Really appreciate the perspective.
Holden Lewis:
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you. Holden, you mentioned in your gross margin comments that you mentioned transportation resources and a little bit of price degradation, I guess. I'm just curious, have you changed your view of the cadence of gross margin as we move into the next three quarters?
Holden Lewis: No, I haven't. I think my original comment was that you wouldn't see quite as much mix impact and there maybe some offsets. And so, as we expected to see gross margin down in 2024, it may not be down as much as it has been in historical periods. I think first quarter was representative of that down 20 basis points. And I think that, that narrative still very much holds true. Now, some of the investments that I alluded to, some of those fall in SG&A, some of those falling COGS. And so, I think that there will be perhaps a little bit of a delta in Q2 specifically. I think we sort of addressed that, but by and large, I think that the variables that we anticipated resulting in a, perhaps, more subdued drag on margin in 2024. I still see them very much in place. So, no change to how I feel about gross margin cadence.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Thank you for that. And then switching back to the customer expo, is that the kind of event where you actually sign up various things like actual revenue comes out of it or is it more of a sort of a customer relationship type building exercise?
Dan Florness: It's both, but there's a lot of -- one thing that we're able to do with an event like that is that sometimes the attention of decision makers is a challenge in the process and the communication in that group. The nice thing about the customers show is that we get the right audience in attending and that includes on both Fastenal and the customer side. That's not one way or the other. It's also an incredible awareness element from the standpoint of -- sometimes seeing and touching vending machine, seeing an RFID setup, understanding how we go to market, talking to some suppliers, talking to other customers. And we also hold quite a few seminars where we're talking through different pieces. And what we try to convey is the nature of the supply chain you have that comes through Fastenal, why we believe it's special for you. Not why Fastenals special, why we believe this channel of supply chain, which happens to be Fastenal is special. And there's deals that get closed as a result of that, but there's a lot of expansion that gets opened up. And for a number of years ago, I was directly involved with our national accounts team. In that several year period, I had more meetings with customers than I probably had had in the previous 15 years. And the one thing that always amazed me is, we would have a customer that's doing $20 million a year with us. And I'd come out of that conversation with the direct knowledge of they could triple or quadruple their business with us if they decided to. And what we need to do is, give them a reason to decide to and because we believe we're the best supply chain partner for -- in that marketplace. And part of it is telling the story and it does a great job. But Dan to directly answer your question, it's a little bit of both
Holden Lewis: Make no mistake, Stephen, if we have to talk to you about what the impact of the cost is going to be in the second quarter, we do expect a return on it. It may not all happen at the show, but it's expected to happen shortly thereafter.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question is coming from Jacob Levinson from Melius Research. Your line is now live.
Jacob Levinson: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Jacob Levinson: Holden, you mentioned a couple of very broad end markets that have been challenging, I think, for a little while now, fabricated metals and machinery. Obviously, those are pretty broad. And certainly, we've got some cycles that seem to be rolling over like ag and truck, but just trying to get a sense of where the negative outliers are today for your trucks.
Holden Lewis: Yes. If those categories are too broad for you, take that up with the federal government. I'm just going by SIC codes. I don't know what the outliers are. At this point, and honestly, I think it kind of is reflective in the end market chart that we have in the press release. At this stage, pretty much every end market is converging on itself. We're well over a year here of sluggish demand in a market that I think has affected most markets. And so when I talk to the regional leadership and they provide their feedback, there's different times when certain markets are called out because they're either stronger or weaker or what have you. At this point, I'm not getting a lot of end market callouts, which suggests to me that people are kind of feeling a general softness across the board. So, I don't have a lot of market-by-market color to add. I'm not sure there is much.
Jacob Levinson: Okay. Yes. That's great color. Maybe expanding a little bit on Steve's question on pricing, I mean, certainly, steel is more important for you folks who we've seen inflation being a little bit sticky. We've got copper prices going up, oil prices going up. Just trying to get a sense of, and maybe it's too early, frankly, to even asking us, but just trying to get a sense of what the appetite is in your supply base to take prices up again this year.
Holden Lewis: I don't know that I've heard about a lot of appetite. Now a couple of things, I think, that you should recognize. One is I think a lot of people look at the US steel indexes, I would tell you that we're more associated with foreign steel indexes and those have not been particularly volatile, frankly. I think the US ones are behaving in a different fashion than the Taiwanese or Chinese ones. And so we're not necessarily seeing the steel inflation that people keep asking me about. Two, bear in mind that by the time fastener is made and shipped and sold to the mark up through the channel, et cetera, the actual value of the raw material in the final product is probably one-third or slightly less of the total value. So I mean, I know we're selling a slug of steel, but there's a lot of value add wrapped on top of the initial raw material. And so honestly, as long as I've been here, and Dan might be able to speak to prior periods. But as long as I've been here, steel hasn't really been a catalyst to raising or lowering prices. Transportation has been more meaningful. So I don't think that I'm hearing anything. And Dan and I have spoken to different people, different group, and might have a different perspective. I don't think I'm hearing anything that says, we're seeing rampant inflation in raw materials that we need to start thinking about raising prices.
Dan Florness : If I look at the fastener subset, and Holden touched on this in his earnings release because you have to look at where steel is used and it's steel, the copper prices has been very meaningful in our business. One element that as FMIs become a bigger part of the business, you start -- you get new indicators in the business. And I talked about what we're seeing in the vending and what we're seeing on Onsite. Another one is related to our bin stock app. And so that's now about 13%, 14% of our sales, and there's a high concentration of fasteners in there, not exclusive, but a high concentration. There's a lot of OEMs. And so there's -- in our other product lines, there's OEM aspects in there as well. But I don't have apples-and-apples comparison to last March, because we were still transitioning off our legacy bin stock app platform, the MC70 devices. But in April of 2023, we were doing just over 16,000 transactions, orders per day using a mobility device in an Android device scanning bins. The dollars per order was 320,000 orders for the month, so 16,000 a day. Dollars per order were $232. In March of 2024, 11 months later, we did 362,000 orders during the month, so 17,240 some a day, $2.16, so it's down $16 or 7% from a year ago. I would venture to say two-thirds of that is pricing and the other a third is just underlying consumption. And that's an estimate, because we don't have great visibility into it. When we started the quarter, it was kind of in the low 220s and now it's around 216s. I don't know how much Good Friday played into that, maybe a point of it. But there is different pricing going on. So part of the negative in fasteners, as Holden touched on in the press release, is pricing, but it's also a weak demand environment.
Jacob Levinson : I appreciate the color. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Dan Florness : Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Patrick Baumann from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Patrick Baumann: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Florness : Good morning.
Patrick Baumann : I wanted to ask about something you mentioned in the press release. It says towards the back of your release it says like less store closures should result in an increase in growth of end market locations going forward. I see how that would make a lot of sense. I guess, I just wonder if you could address the degree to which store closures in the past have contributed to the Onsite location growth that you've seen. And then relatedly, what drives confidence that you can organically sustain that level of growth without the help of business coming over from the stores going forward? And maybe this is just a misunderstanding on my part of what's driven the Onsite growth in the past. And so if you could kind of clarify that that would be super helpful.
Dan Florness: If there was a camera in the room, sometimes you might chuckle at the reactions you get from Dan [ph] and Holden looking a [indiscernible] during a question because I kind of gave Holden look, that's in there. And I say it that way, because back in about 2014 -- 2013, we really came to a conclusion we had too many locations for the market. And we felt a better way to grow into the future was through the Onsite strategy. And we tempered the desire to close the locations too fast. And these weren't large locations. We tempered it from the standpoint of the biggest limiting factor for Fastenal historically, hasn't been opportunity, i.e., size of the market. It hasn't been financial ability to pull it off. It's been talent acquisition and talent development. That's why we have a very thoughtful process of how we recruit, and we have our own corporate university to develop talent, because that's what we bring to the market, talent, and that talent is armed by a great supply chain system behind them to help them be really, really effective. And so we tempered the closures really to -- because we felt that talent could slide over into the other -- into branches that are growing, but also into this new Onsite growth element because we had the talent to move. And if we had closed a bunch of locations, we'd have lost that talent. What we also tried to do is, we try to be very thoughtful about what it meant from the perspective of moving that. If we have a community with two or three Fastenal locations, in a perfect world, we would like to keep that business in the other branches. Now, if the business goes to an Onsite that's because there was a larger opportunity in the first place and it moved into an Onsite. I don't know that closing branches led to Onsite or growth of Onsites. I'm not sure with a customer there. And sometimes we close branches because it was a remote market. And the only reason we were there was because of two customers. And we went Onsite with those two customers, and we closed that branch. That did happen. But usually what happened is those two customers were doing 30,000 a month with us each and now they're doing 130,000 a month with us each and that was the appeal of the strategy. But there were trade-offs in that. For the annual meeting this year, I do plan on sharing some insight on some of the trade-offs we've made as an organization, as we've closed locations, because this is a piece that doesn't always get talked about. But if I go back and when I have district manager conversations, I get a whole bunch of stats from our statistics folks [indiscernible]. And I get it district by district. But if I look at it at a company level, in 2007, cash customers, so that's somebody that comes into a branch, it is a purely retail customer. In 2007, our total sales with that customer, it was 4% of our revenue. It was $76 million. Five years later, that $76 million had grown to $78 million. And the reason it didn't grow very much, we weren't opening very many locations because we pulled our location growth way down in 2007 and that customer was kind of stagnant. Interestingly enough, that $78 million, five years later had grown to $111 million that was 2017. Two years after that in 2019, the year before COVID started, that had dropped to $106 million, so it dropped 5% in that two-year period. During COVID, that business was pummeled because we closed all our front locations and the marketplace decided to order -- to buy more through e-commerce than to buy retail. And I think we all know that in our own personal life that $106 million went to $75 million, it's now 1% of our sales. We made the strategic decision to keep the doors closed. And when I say closed, they're open, but we made the decision to deemphasize going after that and redeploy those resources on other things. Just like restaurants in today's world have made the decision, they're not open on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday anymore because they can't afford, they can't find the staffing and they can't afford it. So that $75 million that we did in 2021 was $45 million in 2023. That was a trade-off. That didn't go to another brands because if you're coming in and shopping at Fastenal like it's a hardware store, and we don't have a location, three the locations in town and the two that are left are 10 minutes instead of five minutes away, you lose some of that business. Customers under $500. This is where they have an account number with us. That was $336 million back in 2007. 10 years later, that was $395 million. Last year, that was $153 million. Now some of that is our customers that we lost. Some of that is customers that now are doing $1,000 with us or $2,000 with us or $3,000 with us because we moved them out of that bucket. But those are trade-offs of business makes. We think it's the right trade-off because it set us up to be really special because if you think of all the growth drivers we've introduced in the last 15 years when we deemphasized back in 2007 opening locations, vending doesn't grow a retail customer. Vending doesn't even grow a $400 a month customer, but it might turn out $500 into a $5,000. It might turn a $10,000 into $20,000 because between FMI and Onsite you're unlocking more business with that customer. And I would probably on more of a tangent there than you anticipated with that question. But I think that's a critical piece to understand of the strategy of Fastenal for the last 10 to 15 years and how it's played out.
Holden Lewis: It absolutely is. And I would just look at the language to suggest our traditional branch count is likely to be stable to slightly up over time. As we add international, maybe there's the odd location domestically that we want to add every now and again, too. The primary growth in those end markets locations will be because of the addition of additional Onsites. You'll just see the rate of growth ramp up because those Onsites keep coming on and you're not having the reduction in branches. That's what that was intended to get by.
Patrick Baumann: That makes sense. I appreciate the extra color there. I just have a very quick follow-up on the Onsite signings. How did things progress through the quarter? And I'm asking only because last quarter, you said maybe some slipped out of the fourth quarter for whatever reason and could have been pushed into this year. So wondering if there was any evidence of that.
Dan Florness: It was pretty consistent all quarter. I think March was the biggest, but I'd have to look back at it. Sometimes, when you have 40 numbers in your head, you lose track of fived.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dan Florness: Yeah. You bet.
Operator: And your next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Ryan Merkel: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me in. I just have one question. Dan, you said that change is hard, and you feel good about where you're going. Can you just unpack what about the change is difficult? Or what about the change is creating friction?
Dan Florness: The  I mentioned earlier that we split the US into two business units 15 years ago. If we were to share numbers by business unit, you would find out that there's two different stories going on in the business right now. in the Eastern US, and there's no -- it's not a coincidence why Casey Miller stepped into running into the US and why eight years ago, I think it was eight years ago, in the fall of 2095, maybe nine years ago, or 8.5 years, I asked Casey to step out of leading our, what we referred to as, the SEC, our Southeast Central region, which is basically Kentucky and Tennessee. And I asked him to run the entire Eastern US Casey's done a wonderful job. It doesn't mean we agree on everything and we don't, but has once in a while, that's good and healthy. But we asked Casey, Jeff, why don't you ask Casey to run the US business and put the best people in the best roles for us to find success of the organization. Our Western business unit was negative this quarter. Our Eastern business unit was positive this quarter. Our Onsite signings aren't equally split between the Eastern US and the Western US. And that's been true for a number of years. And change is hard from the standpoint. It can get entrenched into a successful business. I remember a number of years ago, and I'll pick on a particular market, and that was Des Moines, Iowa. Great market for us, great people. We have become more obsessed with how profitable we are and our returns in that market than we were about the joy of growth. And we stirred up that pot, and we made a change five years ago and said, "No, we're about growth and expanding the people we partner with as much as we are about making a great return for our shareholders because ultimately, the best answer for our shareholders and our employees is grow the business, grow the opportunity, grow the returns. And I'm pleased to say that we've done that. In fact, I'm tipping my hand on a couple of things I'm going to talk about in the annual meeting. One is some of the trade-offs we've made and some is looking at some discrete markets we're in and what those trade-offs have meant to a mature business who decided, you know what, I'm going to get dressed today a little differently than I have for the last 20 years, I'm going to go out and engage in the marketplace in a fundamentally different way and the people we've been promoting into leadership roles, whether it be branch managers, district managers or Regional Vice Presidents as well as people like Casey Miller. We want people that have more joy in growing the business than in just harvesting the business. And Holden needs to keep us balanced because he just touched his heart when I said that. We want to do both, but it's a growth issue. And sometimes you have to change how you go to market.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder our next question is coming from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Dan Florness: And Nigel, this will be our -- it's five minutes to the hour, so this will be our last question. And Nigel, go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is actually Will Frank [ph] on for Nigel. Thanks for fitting me in. I guess, first on price/cost, pricing flat in the quarter. I guess do you think that you can say price/cost positive if pricing remains flat. And then maybe just if you could let us know how pricing was in the quarter ex fasteners. That would be really helpful.
Holden Lewis: Pricing ex fasteners remains positive. And pricing at this point is, frankly, within that kind of 0% to 2% range. And so you can kind of conclude that whatever we're negative on fasteners is being largely offset, maybe a little more than offset with non-fasteners. And at this point, to be honest, the pricing environment is fairly unremarkable, which is why we're not giving it as much time and energy in our dialogue. So that's probably how I would characterize that. And I'm sorry, what was the first part I might have missed? Must have got it.
Unidentified Analyst: Must have got it.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Dan Florness: Thank you again for joining us on the call today. We'll be having our annual meeting here in a couple of weeks. It's on a Thursday. I believe it's the 25th, but it's a Thursday, and I don't have calendar in front of me. And I'd like to share a trip I did last week, got the opportunity to go out and visit our folks at Holo-Krome out in Connecticut. And Holo-Krome is as an organization we acquired back in 2009, it was in the process of being shut down and that production moving offshore, and we did want to see the loss of a domestic manufacturer of their quality and their status in the United States, so we've acquired it. I was pleased to have the opportunity to go out there and celebrate tenure. There were five individuals, and this is a business with 100-and-some employees. But there were five individuals out there who celebrated 40-plus years with Fastenal. We went up to celebrate that. All told, there were 20-plus people in that organization with more than 25 years of experience, a combination of, obviously, Holo-Krome and Holo-Krome being a partner to joining the Fastenal organization back in 2009, great trip, great people. We keep finding people like that, we'll be successful in this market for years to come. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal 2023 Annual and Q4 Earnings Results Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of the Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2023 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.  Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Web site until March 1, 2024, at midnight Central Time.  As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Taylor, and good morning, everybody. And welcome to the Q4 Fastenal earnings call. I'm going to go right to the foot book, and on Page 3, we have a handful of slides here. So 2023 has seen two struggles in our organization. One, since November of 2022, so for 14 consecutive months, we've seen a sub-50 PMI that when you operate very heavily in the industrial space, that's a big deal for you. And there's many benefits to have Holden as part of our organization. One is his career before joining Fastenal, he has access to -- he's forgotten things about stuff that I don't even know. And so I asked him. I said, hey, how often does a period like this happen? And he said, well, back to 1970, it's happened 6 times that it's been sub-50 for an extended period of time, most recent being the Great Recession in the '08-'09 timeframe. But it's a pretty tough period, nice. Okay. And so it's been pretty tough and you could look at that. But the second item, the second struggle is we've executed better. And in 2022 -- and we put up good numbers, inflation helped some, the rebounding economy from COVID helped some. The fact that we're pretty good at supply chain and we were able to find stuff and keep people supplied helped, because if you can't get it anywhere else, you come and get it from us. But there was some stuff under the hood that we weren't executing as well as we'd like to see. And we made some leadership changes earlier in the year. And I think we're poised really well as we go into 2024, but those are a couple of things that challenged the year. Despite all that, in the fourth quarter, we grew our daily sales 3.7%. The team did a really nice job managing expenses. We had a few things that -- sometimes you have a few things that go your way. Sometimes, you have a few things that go against you. On par, things were generally favorable and we grew our EPS 8.5% to $0.46. If I think of our growth initiatives, kind of uneven. We've continued to see nice development in our installed base of Onsite locations, maybe not as fast as we'd like. FMI devices, we did a really nice job. And we continued to increase our Digital Footprint that we've talked about in recent years. Operating cash flow was a record at over $1.4 billion of operating cash that we generated, and it was a 52% increase than what we did in 2022. Now on the surface, that's a little bit misleading because 2022, and I'll touch on that in a second, consumed a lot of working capital because we were ensuring a reliable supply chain for our customers. That brings us to the final bullet on the page and we paid out a fifth dividend, paid out $0.38 per share here in December. That's the fourth time that we've done a supplemental dividend like that since going public back in the late 1980s. The first time was in December of 2008. The world was in free fall. We had cash available. We looked at that cash as being, this is owned by our shareholders, we don't know what needs they have for liquidity. We do know we won't need this in 2009 if the economy is doing what it does, because our business is countercyclical and we knew we'd throw off a lot of cash. And so we paid out a sizable dividend in December of 2008. December of 2012, there was a lot of uncertainty in the United States. The federal government was having a fight amongst itself about what tax rates should be on dividends. We didn't know if tax rates were going to go up in 2013 and figured we're sitting on a bunch of cash, let's pay out to our shareholders and we don't need it. We'd generate a lot of cash in the future. We'll pay it out and let the folks in Washington, D.C. figure things out. It's nice to know that in today's Washington, D.C., things are much more calmer. Sorry for the sarcasm, I'm Midwestern. December of 2020, the world was in COVID. We had more cash than we needed and we paid out a supplemental dividend. This one is different than the other three. We invested a tremendous amount of cash into inventory in 2021 and 2022, an incredible amount because supply change became erratic. You can't count -- it was not a reliable time frame of getting containers through ports and getting products. And we're not a sorry company, we don't say to our customers, sorry, couldn't get it. We're a supply chain company. And if we feel that it's going to take an extra 40 or 45 days to get a container, we'll add 50 days of inventory, six days of inventory. So we consumed a tremendous amount of cash. Fortunately, things have become more stable and we harvested that cash in 2023, and we'll generate ample cash as we move into '24 and beyond. We didn't need it, we sent it to our shareholders. We feel we have a really conservative balance sheet, and we have plenty of gunpowder for anything that we need to do as we move into 2024. Flipping to Page 4. 58 signings in the fourth quarter of '23. Not a particularly impressive number. Perhaps the environment came a little bit tougher late in the year for signing Onsites, it's not the strongest of year for many of our customers. Perhaps we had some district managers that are looking at their expectations for 2024 and maybe some Onsite signings split into 2024. We're up 12.3%, we finished the year with 1,822 locations. Our older Onsites had a pretty tough year. That speaks more, I believe, to the PMI index than anything else. But we still anticipate 375 to 400 signings next year. We think we're poised to do that. We think the energy is behind it and we think the team is really focused on it, and that speaks back to some of our execution issues I mentioned on the prior page. FMI technology. We had a good year with FMI. We did a nice job of signing. If I look at just below the bullet where we say we signed 24,126 MEUs, you divide that by 253 days, that's 95 per day over the span of the year. One thing we've talked about a number of years ago was building our infrastructure to support signing 100 devices a day. And that was a long way away from what we were doing at the time, but that was kind of the number we had in our head. And I'm pleased to say that the team has essentially gotten there, and it came in at 95 per day for the year. Our intention for next year is to sign 26,000 to 28,000. It's a big number, I believe the team is up to it. E-commerce continues to grow well. A lot of that -- obviously, we're not growing at 28%. So a lot of that is customers are changing how they engage with us and we're not unique to that. And so I believe e-commerce as a potential of our business is about 25% of sales now. If I go back not too many years ago, it was 5% of sales. So it continues to grow. And then finally, our Digital Footprint. That's where we engage electronically with our customer. It might be we deploy FMI. So a vending device, a bin with technology embedded, a mobility scanned bin, whatever it might be but we engage with our customer and then we added the e-commerce on top of that, removed the double coning. And in January of 2020 that was 36% of sales. A year later, it was 38%. A year later, it was 46%. A year later, it was 53%. And now we ended this year at 58%, 59% type of neighborhood. Flipping to Page 5. This is the last time you're going to see this chart. We started it a number of years ago. Back in -- so we have about 3,419 in-market locations. It's up 3.5% from where we were a year ago. Back in 2015, about 9% of our in-market locations were what we call an Onsite. Now an Onsite might be we're physically inside the customer's facility, we are operating in a facility down the street from the customer that's dedicated to that customer. We might be operating a facility that's in the back of a branch because the customer doesn't have enough room for us to put everything in there, and we only put some stuff in there and we backfill our -- our backroom is the back of the branch. But it's where we engage in a discrete business with the customer and it ramps up our ability to grow. As we really look at this as being not just something that had happened once or twice back in the '90s. And the first one was, frankly, we couldn't find a building to rent in town and the customer said, I have some room, and we moved in. So it was more borne out of necessity. But as we realized this was really a business model that could help us grow, it prompted us to revisit our branch network. And so we peaked out in 2013. At that point in time, we estimated we were within a 30 minute drive of 95% of the manufacturing base in the United States with our 2,600 or so stores or branches, and that included our US and Canadian network. But we looked at it and said, if we pulled that back a bit because some of the business that would be in a branch is going to be an Onsite over time, what would it look like? And we settled on a number of about 1,450. At 1,450 locations that 95% access to the manufacturing base drops to about 93.5%. And we know if there's customers that are outside that 30 minute window and they're Onsite customers, the fact that our branch is 4 to 5 minutes away doesn't matter. So we saw this as the right density. And I'll use some -- I'm always -- one beauty about being an organic grower of the year is all of our systems are in one system. You have access to a tremendous amount of information. And I did look at our oldest four states in the company. And if I go back to 2007, in Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin and Illinois, we did just under $400 million in revenues, about 19% of our sales. We had 236 branch locations in those four states. We had 20 Onsite. In the next decade, that business -- those four states, we grew -- our CAGR was about 5.7% a year. And as you can appreciate, it's a nicely profitable business, it's above the company average, a few hundred basis points. And about 18% of our revenue was Onsite. Since 2013, we closed a bunch of locations, but we opened a bunch of Onsite. In fact, we've gone from 200 -- we peaked out at 263 branches. Currently, we have 191, so we're down about 30% from our peak. Our Onsite count says over -- its 221, so we have more Onsites than we have branches. In the last -- since 2017, that area has a CAGR of not 5.7%, it has a CAGR of 8.2%. So we took an old, mature, profitable part of the Fastenal business and grew it faster. Today, it's about a $1.1 billion business. It's about 15% of our sales and about 46% of our sales run through an Onsite. Sorry for taking us down memory lane there, but I thought I'd give a little insight on why we're excited about the rationalization of the branch network and the Onsite and the potential to expand our ability to grow. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everybody. I'm going to start on Slide 6. Total and daily sales in the fourth quarter of 2023 were up 3.7%. The quarter finished strong with daily sales in December being up 5.3% and outperforming historical sequential patterns. Much of this strength relates to our warehousing end market, which represents sales into the fulfillment centers of retail oriented customers. This end market has grown significantly for us since the pandemic, helping to diversify our end market exposure and representing 3% to 4% of sales in 2023. It also grew 45% in the fourth quarter and roughly 60% in December. So strength in this end market was a significant contributor to the performance of our other end markets and our safety products categories in the period. Now if you remove warehousing, our sales results continue to reflect sluggish demand. For example, our manufacturing end market continues to grow but at moderating rates, while our fastener product line experienced contraction in MRO, and for the first time this cycle, OEM products. Trends in these markets and product categories tend to be more reflective of cyclical trends and are being impacted by PMI readings that remain sub-50 and soft industrial production, particularly for key components, such as fabricated metals and machinery. This setting is matched by muted feedback from regional leadership. But if conditions didn't get better in the fourth quarter of '23, they didn't get worse either. If we adjust warehousing out of our November and December daily sales rates then the months would still have been very slightly ahead of normal sequentials. As was the case in the third quarter of 2023, pricing was consistent and positive and within a typical range of 0% to 2% with modest deflation within our fastener line. With the usual caveat that our forward vision is limited, we are constructive about 2024 with easier comparisons, channel inventories being in good shape and generally favorable customer outlooks from regional leadership. Entering the year, though, business activity remains subdued. Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2023 was 20.1%, up 50 basis points year-to-year and achieving a 33% incremental margin. We view this as solid execution against the backdrop of soft growth and low seasonal volumes. Gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2023 was 45.5%, up 20 basis points from the year ago period. We had year-over-year margin drag from product and customer mix, though the effect did moderate sequentially. This was offset by slightly higher fastener product margins and freight margins, though the impact of the latter moderated meaningfully from the prior quarter and we had slightly positive price cost. Our view of price cost is unchanged from what we described in the third quarter of 2023. It does not reflect any incremental pricing actions in the most recent quarter but rather the recapture of the negative price cost that we had discussed in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our objective remains to be price cost neutral over time. SG&A was 25.3% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2023, improved from 25.7% in the year earlier period. This amounts to small improvements in a lot of areas rather than significant improvement in just one or a few areas. For instance, more favorable comparisons and good expense discipline produced flattish costs and modest leverage around selling related transportation, information technology and spending on travel, meals and supplies. We experienced modest occupancy leverage as a result of vending devices used in a past lease locker program passing their depreciable lives. These were joined by contributions stemming from improvements in our supplier contribution and collaboration programs. The Blue Team did a nice job tightening spending over the course of the year as business activity continued to slow. Putting everything together, we reported fourth quarter 2023 EPS of $0.46, up 8.4% from $0.43 in the fourth quarter of 2022. Now turning to Slide 8. We generated $354 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter of 2023 or 133% of net income and $1.43 billion in operating cash for the full year of 2023. Both dollar amounts represent record operating cash generation that was driven by reduced working capital needs. This produced strong cash balances that allowed us to pay a supplemental fifth dividend in 23, putting cash returned to shareholders through dividends at $1.02 billion for the full year. Even with this, we finished 2023 with a conservatively capitalized balance sheet with debt being 7.2% of total capital, down from 14.9% of total capital at the end of 2022. Working capital dynamics were similar in the fourth quarter of 2023 to what we experienced throughout the full year. Accounts receivable were up 7.3%, which is primarily a combination of total sales growth and a shift in mix towards larger customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories were down 10.3%, owing primarily to the effects of slower customer demand, the unwinding of inventory layers built a year ago to manage supply constraints, our field and hub operations, sustainably streamlining inventory processes and modest inventory deflation. Net capital spending in 2023 finished at $161 million, little changed from the $162 million in 2022 and below our forecasted range of $180 million to $190 million. This shortfall has less to do with deliberate project deferrals than it does the slower business activity reducing the need for certain investments to support immediate growth and timing delays outside our control for certain expenditures. Our net capital spending expectations in 2024 is a range of $225 million to $245 million, which reflects catch-up spending for hub automation and capacity, the substantial completion of an upgraded distribution center in Utah, an increase in FMI spend in anticipation of increased signings and information technology. 2023 had its successes. While acknowledging that we didn't hit all our goals, we nonetheless closed the year with a higher installed base of Onsites and FMI devices and a greater proportion of our sales moving through our Digital Footprint. The organization adapted to one less selling day and slower growth than originally anticipated, effectively controlling expenses and defending our operating margin. We improved our balance sheet and produced record operating cash, which allowed us to return record capital to our shareholders. Where we fell short of our expectations was in our ability to generate stronger sales growth. However, we are enthusiastic about the leadership changes made to our sales operations in 2023 and regardless of macro conditions, expect these to lead to improved market share gains in 2024. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to begin Q&A.
Dan Florness: Before we start Q&A, there's a few items I thought I'd share from a conversation we had this morning with our senior leadership from throughout the company. And part of it was sharing with them a little bit of a recap of our Board meetings over the last couple of days and some thoughts on the quarter and some thoughts on 2024, and I just thought I'd share. First, some thoughts on the P&L. And Holden touched on some of these but I thought I'd present it maybe in the way we talked about it with our own team internally. First one was when I think of 2023 and then going into 2024, so this is the last year that we'll have some branch closings. Branch closings do two things for us. They do free up a little bit of occupancy. What we've found over time is typically when we're consolidating two locations into one, some of that occupancy savings is spent on maybe a larger location for the two locations because the business doesn't fit, or as we've seen in the last -- during the COVID period, a lot of buildings that we operated in became really attractive buildings for a lot of local distribution points for a lot of e-commerce. So there is some competition for the space and competition doesn't make it cheaper. But with that said, we've benefited from some occupancy savings there. Those benefits are going to be behind us and we need to be thoughtful about that as we enter in 2024. There's a flip side of that coin. Consolidating two locations in one is a heck of a lot of work, and it's a big distraction to the business, to our customers. And that distraction of our own selling energy, our own local energy is now behind us. And the challenge to put in front of everybody is make sure that's translated into selling activity to grow the darn business. The second, we had the benefit in 2023 of some lower bonus payouts, benefit to the P&L, not a benefit to the recipients. But 2022 was a really good year for us and a lot of our folks are incented off of simple growth in earnings. And we grew earnings tremendously in 2022 with that falling off as we went into 2023, that contracted the bonuses. We don't anticipate having that benefit in 2024 because we don't anticipate the P&L doing what it did in 2023. And that means we need to be really dialed in on everything else we do so that can re-expand. The final piece, Holden touched on it, some vending depreciation, we had a runoff and then benefited the fourth quarter. The beauty of that is it will also benefit the first quarter and the second quarter and the third quarter until we anniversary that. So that will give us some benefit in 2024. The next one was a challenge to everybody on that call, whether you're in sales or not is our focus has to be on everything we're doing. It's helping our branch and Onsite locations hit their goal. In fact, I had to laugh after -- certainly after the call, and I suspect I need to thank John Soderberg for this. But out on the printer, there's a sign, help our brands and Onsite hit their sales goals in 2024. Thanks for that, John. But that's where our head is at. We didn't feel good about 2023, and the best way to feel better about it, [Indiscernible] grow a little faster. My compliments to our team that worked on ESG. A few years ago, we were probably a little bit slower to it, primarily because our operating style, frugality is naturally conserving. And as we stepped into the ESG world, what we really learned is we needed to do a better job telling our story. And I've been pleased to say that while we've maybe formalized up some of our public facing policies and things like that, most of the efforts we put into it is understanding what we do. It's a lot of work quantifying some things that we do but really telling a better story. And here in January, I'm pleased to say, for those of you familiar with EcoVadis, that's a rating agency per se for ESG. We had a bronze in the past. Here in January, we were upgraded. We now hold a silver in EcoVadis. I'm not aware of any other North American distribution businesses that have silvers. Perhaps there are some. I'm not aware of any. So my compliments to the team for doing a great job telling our story. Finally, earlier this week, I had an opportunity to tour our shop, and I say an opportunity. I've done it before. Tim Borkowski has led a big piece of our manufacturing for 29 years. Retired this week. And Tim is famous for giving you a 20-minute tour but taking 60 minutes to do it because he loves what he does. He loves to explain it, he loves to describe it, must be an engineering background thing. But I had a really nice visit with him with a handful of us that touring it. And one challenge I put out to our regional leadership today is I said, during COVID, we wore them out with virtual tours and that's kind of gone radio silent in the last two years. And I said to the group, I said, when customers see our capabilities, it sells itself. We have 1,822 Onsites. We plan to sign close to 400 in the next 12 months. Well, I would think there's -- if just the Onsite each did a tour over the 253, 254 days of the year, that's seven a day. Let's wear them out. Because right now, our own internal manufacturing capabilities represents between 9% and 10% of our fastener sales. We're really quite good at it. And so when customers see that, that makes us special in their eyes.  With that, I'm going to shut up and open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Michael Hoffman from Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: So one of the things about looking at data inventories less orders would suggest PMI should be over 50. So when you look at your end markets, can you see pockets where this is starting to validate that thesis?
Holden Lewis: For the most part, no. The feedback from the regional leadership has been fairly consistent through much of the year, much of the back half of the year, which is that our customers remain cautious, they remain fairly tight with their spending. I will say that I think that when I asked the leadership about what their customers are saying about 2024, I would say that the forward-looking statements are probably, on balance, more optimistic than the current statements. I also suspect that's always true. But if I look at the markets that are sort of shared with me through regional leadership, in general, I don't think there's been much of a change over the past three to six months.
Michael Hoffman: And then you all have consistently talked about sort of price of zero to 2%, market share is 5% or better. We've had a little bit of metals inflation at the end of the year. Do we trend to the higher end of that zero to 2%, and then what is your confidence about 5% or better in market share?
Holden Lewis: In terms of inflation, I mean, we keep track of various steel indices. I would say that sort of the Chinese and Taiwanese industries are probably more relevant to us than, say, the US or European ones are. In general, yes, there's been some wiggle and some movement. But if you take the longer view, that wiggle and movement is kind of within the context of, I think, fairly stable steel pricing over the last six to 12 months. So I haven't heard anything suggesting that we believe that steel pricing is a catalyst to incremental price increases going forward. The other thing to remember, Michael, is when you think about the total value of a fastener, only about, I believe, 30% of that is actually in the raw material itself. By the time you sort of wrap on to it, the cost of transportation and various other elements of value add, processing, it's just not a huge piece. So I'm not hearing anything to suggest that the environment is moving back to an inflationary one, with possibly one exception. I think that there's been a lot of global conflict around the Suez Canal. I hear about, a lot about very little water in the Panama Canal. And we are beginning to see shipping costs start to tick up again. I don't know how durable that will be, I don't know how far that will go. It's not creating any actions today, but that is something that we're watching fairly closely.
Dan Florness: One thing that was an interesting update we had this week, our Head of Transportation, we've done a lot of work over the last several years to improve our own ability to track product. So if I'm in a branch, I can pull up a screen now. And if I'm looking for some product, I can look at it and say, oh, the truck that's bringing that is in the middle of Nebraska and it's going to be here in 30 minutes. It could be here in 3 hours or it might be on a container. And we've gotten to the point now where we're tracking it where we're seeing it at the container level. So he pulled up the screen the other day and the number of dots you saw on the map that went around the southern tip of Africa were meaningful. And I didn't see any dots that went through the Suez Canal on the product we were moving. And that just was a snapshot at that point in time in the information.
Holden Lewis: So something to watch. And then as it relates to market share, this year has been unusual. In that we didnt achieve market share at the levels we expect of ourselves. I don't think it reflects a change in our cultural attitude. We think that ultimately gaining market share is what we're here to do. Structurally, we still have the tools to be able to do it. And I think we made changes to our approach and our leadership in the past six to eight months, which have us very enthusiastic that we're going to kick that market share machine back up in 2024. So we expect it of ourselves, let me put it that way.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from David Manthey from Baird.
David Manthey: First question, I did want to ask you about these shipping containers. Clearly, we've seen an uptick. But is it primarily or is it focused on those containers that are coming through the Red Sea or Panama Canal, or is there any impact that rolls over on those containers coming directly from Asia to California today? Just thinking about where your main exposures are and how we should think about that if it does extend.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I think you may have caught me with a question that's more granular than I studied, to be honest. What I can tell you is we've seen an uptick in recent weeks, a meaningful uptick in the cost of a container. How that looks route by route, I don't know.
Dan Florness: A lot of our products, Dave, does come in through the West Coast. In recent years, as our volumes have grown, we have more containers that would -- we'd bring in to the East Coast, so bringing it into our North Carolina facility, our Atlanta facility because when you're bringing full containers in. But historically, a lot of our product comes into the West Coast.
Holden Lewis: And I think -- this is probably some speculation, but I would say that the disruption moving from China to the West Coast ports is less than things moving the other direction. But if the existing capacity is going to be consumed on trips for a longer period of time, that's going to stress the entire global network, which is going to impact ultimately our cost as well and that's what we've begun to see. Again, it's very early. We don't know how this plays out but it's something we're watching.
David Manthey: And then second, on [VR] channel work, we've been hearing about some suppliers cutting the number of distributors they deal with directly. And I'm wondering, have any of your suppliers actively consolidated their distributor partners that you know of?
Dan Florness: I'm not aware of any but it wouldn't surprise me. And -- because if you look at where the outgrowth is coming from, it's coming from fewer and fewer. So it wouldn't surprise me, but I'm not aware of any, David.
Holden Lewis: And I would say that over time -- so I can't speak to -- I don't know what period of time you're hearing about, it sounds like it's probably more recent. Over time, you have seen gradual consolidation just in terms of who we spend with and engage with. It's an extensive list but obviously, you have tiers. And I would say our higher tiers has consolidated slightly over time and that's by design just as relationships evolve. But I haven't necessarily heard of anything that is a recent and deliberate initiative on the part of a lot of suppliers to consolidate. I haven't heard anything in that regard.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Dankert from Loop Capital Markets.
Chris Dankert: I guess Onsite sales growth in the quarter was only slightly ahead of company average rate, which is a notable slowdown versus past performance here. I mean, do you think that's kind of a one-off due to some of the customer plant shutdowns exiting the year? I guess, how much or how little should we really make of that lower Onsite sales growth rate in the quarter?
Holden Lewis: It's relevant. And I think what you're seeing is we've talked about how our signings this year were not at the level that we expected them to be. And I think that at the beginning part of the year, you were benefiting from the signings rolling through earlier that were greater than the year prior to that, which is being affected by the pandemic, right? And so as you get the benefit of those, but then you have -- you layer in another year where your signings are slower, you're going to naturally have that effect roll through. So I think in many respects, it feels to me like it has a lot more to do just with the signings cadence, which, again, I think we've suggested we love the fact that our Onsite continues to grow in the mix. We love that the installed base continues to grow but the signings pace has not been what we expected it to be, and I think what you're seeing is a byproduct to that.
Dan Florness: One thing I think I've shared in prior calls, I have conversations with all of our district managers throughout the course of the year. And one thing that I've seen that's changed is our average DM has the opportunity for about 60 Onsites. And so we're having these conversations. You could tell the ones that were really dialed in, the ones that aren't. The ones that are really dialed in are sitting there with, hey, here's my number of potential, here's what we have, the top, the form that's warming. And how good they are at communicating that tells me, hey, do they have a plan that you feel comfortable come into the year their pipelines to give them a couple of Onsites? With 240 district managers, if a high percentage are a really good plan to give them a couple of Onsites, maybe some have three, maybe some have one, but consistently a couple of Onsites, you're at your number with cushion and you feel good about what's your pipeline.
Holden Lewis: I might also say, the answer to office comments, talking about how the year was marked by two things. One was difficult markets, the other was execution. I think I described the part of it that was the execution. The other thing to think about is if you look at where industrial production has weakened, it's really weakened in sort of the machinery and fabricated metals parts of the industrial production spectrum. And those are areas that are relevant to us as a company but they're particularly relevant in that Onsite world. And what we saw in the fourth quarter, to give you a sense, is all year, we've had a fairly significant gap between OEM fastener growth and MRO fastener contraction, which is a reflection of the Onsites coming on. In the fourth quarter, that gap narrowed appreciably. And I think what you're also seeing is simply the relative weakness in the machinery and fab metals is having a disproportionate impact on areas that disproportionately impact the Onsites. And so I think, again, it's a combination of market and our own execution.
Chris Dankert: And I guess maybe just touching on that last point. As those growth drivers impact gross margin, we saw mix was better this quarter. If these current trends hold, I guess I would assume kind of the same story for '24. I guess how do we think about the impact of mix on gross margin in this year kind of as you see it today?
Holden Lewis: I think I try to predict what mix will be every year, it's a fairly thankless effort to be quite honest. But I think I've used like 50 to 70 basis points in the past. I think it will be less than that, and I think it will be less than that for a few reasons. One, we talked about fewer branch closures. If we have fewer branch closures, I think the rate of attrition in our smaller customer set will also slow. So you won't have the same order of magnitude impact from that. We have had slower Onsite signings. And again, that ripple effect, I think at least in the earlier part of the year, that's going to put less pressure on the channel mix impact. I would also point out that over the balance of this year, you've had a dramatic difference in growth between fasteners and non-fasteners, and maybe there's a little element of both comparison and market here. But I would wager that next year that gap is not going to be as wide, and that would relieve some pressure off of the product mix element as well. And so I still think mix will be negative, it's just the nature of our growth drivers. But I don't think it will be as negative as sort of the normal 50 to 70 that I've talked about in the past, I think it could be narrower than that.
Operator: Next question is coming from Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: Just wanted to touch on the color on some of the warehousing demand that you saw this quarter. Just curious what really drove that increase, is that really new customer acquisition, is it gaining market share with existing customers? And I know it's small for you now, but just where do you think that could go in terms of mix longer term?
Dan Florness: Well, for really about the last five, six years, we made a really concerted effort to go after that business, because with our vending platform and our strength in the safety area, it's a natural fit for us to be a great partner to that type of customer. And we saw really nice growth in it. And when I think of like when COVID hit that and our government business and our access to safety products were a lifeboat to helping us get through that very successfully, because the industrial business was just hammered when we went through that period. And so it's become an ever larger piece. If I think about it discretely now, there's a number of things going on. There's -- we had -- I won't attribute it to necessarily customer acquisition. We're always adding locations with those customers because they're growing. But it continues to be deeper penetration, and we had examples where some other suppliers couldn't get stuff to them, and we stepped up to the plate and helped, which always helps our position to be a stronger partner and to gain market share with that customer, because you rely on people you can rely on. And so those things really helped us and they have a strong business environment themselves and they're using more products. And we had some examples where there were some products they needed that we were uniquely situated to help them with. Sometimes it was for the safety of their employees, sometimes it was moving some product around. And things just call us really well in the quarter.
Holden Lewis: I would point out maybe a couple of things. One, prior to the pandemic that warehousing sector was less than 1% of our sales. And so oftentimes you get asked, like what -- can you show that you actually have improved your business coming out of the pandemic? This is an example of a market where we retained business coming out of the pandemic that we gained because of what we were able to do there. And so again, we think it's -- we love having that customer set involved. The other thing I think I would point out, I think I sort of indicated that market was up 60% in December. Christmas doesn't come every month, presents today doesn't have the same commercial value. I just wouldn't expect that kind of order of magnitude from that customer set as we go forward into 2024 that we experienced over the most recent holiday period.
Ken Newman: Just for my follow-up here. Just looking at the seasonal benchmark for this year, just assuming that '24 follows that seasonal benchmark as a baseline. It does imply quarterly ADS steps up pretty strongly here and call it, the high single digit range in the back half. Just outside of the comps the normal seasonality, I'm just trying to weigh that against maybe the slower Onsites and how that maybe ramps through the year. Is this anything to suggest that sales wouldn't necessarily follow those trends that we should be kind of aware of?
Holden Lewis: I'm not getting into the business of predicting January, February, and March DSRs. Here's what I would tell you. Onsites could have an impact. Does it have an impact in January specifically? I really don't know, right? I've always said that there's a lot of value, a lot of value and sort of understanding how those trends work. But there's a lot of error variable anytime that you're talking about 20 days of activity and you're trying to apply a lot of meaning to it. Onsites, over a multi-month period of time, yes, I think that they may grow a little bit less quickly in the absence of a market improvement because of some of the signings. But I'll tell you, we're also seeing a little bit of an uptick in the sales activity in non-Onsite national accounts, and I think that could also pick up. So there's just a lot of moving pieces that makes it difficult for me to say with any sort of definitiveness that you should expect us to beat or miss those DSR benchmarks.
Dan Florness: Probably the piece that I'd throw out on that, it relates less to the question per se and more to an example. So we had our Board meeting last couple of days. And one thing I ask of all of our leadership team is, hey, be in one of the week of the Board meeting. You spent some time with your teams, with other folks and be here because we participate in the Board meetings in person. We had one person that wasn't here because he was sitting at an airport in Nashville, Tennessee, and there was 8 inches of snow. And so he participated remotely and I was sitting with him this morning, and he's kind of freaked out right now because the winter weather has not been our friend in January. And it's not been our industry's friend, it's not been our customers' friend. In fact, I received a picture the other day, it was actually from a supplier in the Memphis area, so a little bit further west from Nashville. And had a picture of their warehouse, their distribution facility and their head of sales sent it over to our traffic manager and said, every truck that was coming and pick up product that they canceled, except for one. And he said there was a blue Fastenal semi that was here 15 minutes ago, I'm sorry it wasn't in the picture, but it was great to see you guys still run it. And so the weather is hammering the month pretty hard. Well, there's a lot of months left, we'll see how we dig out, no pun intended. But our distribution network is working, that's a beautiful thing and that truck was there to pick up product.
Operator: Next question is coming from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Yes, the weather is not our friend right now, that's for sure. So just going back to the Onsites and it seems you firmly believe this is more of a cyclical factor. You called out the networking kind of factor there. Is there anything structural here that we need to consider, maybe some of the e-com cannibalization? MSM is talking about their implant offerings as well. I'm just curious if there's a bit more, I don't know, pockets of structural headwinds here we need to consider?
Dan Florness: When I think of Onsites, Onsite and e-com don't even come into play. I could see -- because really what the Onsite is about is we're stepping into their shoes and we're operating inside their facility on something that they were probably doing themselves before, and didn't really have the expertise or the tools or the visibility into the supply chain that we have to help operate it more effectively, more efficiently. And then we arm that Onsite with all the tools we have in place, whether it be vending machines or technology embedded bins or areas where we're scanning, it's just a much more efficient way to operate. And that's about logistics as much as it is ordering, because quite frankly, when there on Onsite, anything that's gone through FMI and FMI is a high percentage of Onsite, anything going through FMI, the customers hasn't been really ordering it. And so e-commerce really isn't the thing there. E-commerce is probably a bigger thing with smaller customers, because oftentimes, smaller customers buy, and sometimes the way you and I do. I buy a lot of stuff online. The other part it can play into is -- and we saw this really in 2020, a market change in activity in that when all of a sudden, people started working more remotely, you're ordering more things electronically than maybe you were before, because we're delivering product in one of the facilities, they might catch us and order some stuff, they might phone us. And people tend to phone less when they're at home, they tend to do more things on the computer. At least that's what we're seeing.
Holden Lewis: And I would say as well, Nigel, I'm not sure I would agree with the underlying premise that there's some competition between Onsites and e-commerce. I mean, the reality is if we look at our e-commerce business. If you remember, it's an aggregation of EDI and web sales and a variety of different ways that we engage digitally. Roughly 50% of our e-commerce sales are going through Onsites. So it winds -- I don't believe that there is a one sort of channel approach by the customer set. I think the customer sets are -- the customers are looking for a range of solutions to solve different issues, and I don't think that they're in conflict.
Dan Florness: But a high percentage of that e-commerce you're talking about is EDI
Holden Lewis: Yes, although showing me 35% to 40% of our web is also running though Onsites.
Nigel Coe: And then just on the points about -- so are you seeing pockets competition on Onsite? Again, one of your biggest public competitors does talk about their implant offerings. And just thinking about, Dan, you were very honest about the out growth in '23 below your expectations. Do you think that in '24, you'd be back to that sort of 5 points plus of that growth versus the market?
Dan Florness: Coming into the year, that would be our expectation. But as far as competition, we have competition in everything we do. There's a lot of companies out there that we compete with other local businesses that do Onsite. What they don't have is maybe some of the tools. And a natural strength to our Onsite model is the fact that we have the branch network, because what's really difficult and where a lot of organizations fail on pieces of Onsite, we have a natural density of people. So let's say you have an Onsite with two employees. Well, let's say employee's out on maternity leave, let's say employee's out on vacation, let's say employee, there's turnover. How do you replace that? Well, if you have 50 Fastenal employees that are in this market, it's Omaha, it's up in the Twin Cities and we have more than 50 in Twin Cities. But if you have employees in this market, you have redundancy to support that Onsite. So we have a natural advantage in that marketplace versus not necessarily a local competitor but a national competitor because we have a footprint.
Holden Lewis: And maybe the only other thing I would add, this is largely anecdotal. Again, I sort of asked the regionals how things are going every month. And they sort of just freewheeling give me answers. And oftentimes, there's comments about our competitors there, sometimes it's favorable to us, sometimes it's not favorable to us. What I can tell you is I haven't noticed any difference in the cadence of that conversation over the course of this year. So I mean, if part of the question is, are you seeing things intensify, I haven't gotten that from the feedback from the field.
Operator: Next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: So I have two questions and I'll just ask them upfront. The leadership changes, Dan, what changes did you make and why are you confident that that will accelerate the share gains? And then second question. Can you clarify the tweak to the business model where are the front doors open now on all of the branches? And I think the question I'm getting asked is, could that help sales in '24 or is it not that impactful?
Dan Florness: First off, we made a number of changes. We moved some -- within our National Accounts team, we moved some folks around, there are some folks that aren't in roles that they had before. We made some changes in our regional leadership, that was probably -- that wasn't necessarily performance, that was more of a case of just some natural -- we all get older and still some natural changes there. I think the fact that we have the US under one leader now. Over the last 15 years, east and western United States have been under two different leaders. And so over time, there's economic reasons why all the business changes a little bit, and there's personality reasons why the business changed a little bit. If I were to characterize the Eastern US versus the Western US and I can think back to who's been the leaders of two business over time, both incredibly successful businesses. I would say the way they go about being successful is different. If I think of the western US, I think of a business that they were groundbreaking early on in Onsites and particularly in the Midwestern part of the western US, because it was a more mature business and we needed to figure out ways to keep growing. And so I think that part of the business is more -- is better at -- you have a large customer, we're better at getting deeper and deeper into that large customer. Earlier, I talked about our manufacturing division. I suspect there's a disproportionate mix of their business in the western than there is in the eastern. And I might be wrong on that, that's just me speculating. If I think of the eastern, there's nobody better at Hunton. Going out and finding new customers and growing their business than our Eastern business unit. And again, it emanates from the leaders there's been over time, it also emanates from the industrial activity over the time. And as it relates to our business, our front doors are open. And I think -- they weren't closed that long and they weren't closed everywhere, they were closed in pockets. There's a couple of exceptions, there's a couple of states where rules are pretty onerous. And we've just said, you know what, California has too many requirements, so we just say we're keeping them closed. And there's one other state I forget what it is of I think it's Louisiana. But we've been operating that way for years in Canada. And it was primarily because as a wholesaler you just couldn't do retail transactions. So our front doors are open but we had a much different business. We grew faster in Canada. I hope that answers your question.
Holden Lewis: And I think a couple of pieces of perspective I might add. I mean, Dan touched on it. When we started this process, we had a lot of different experiments in the field going on, right? Some people closed, other people didn't close. Some people flipped counters, et cetera. Some people stuck with the traditional, the older CSP model. And I think we wanted to come up with a more consistent model. And so having had the opportunity to evaluate all the different things we were doing, we wanted to sort of consolidate under sort of one approach. We have a lot of customers in a lot of places that share a company and we want to make sure that we weren't creating conflict in that regard. So that was part of what went into that. As it relates to the impact on growth, bear in mind that if you're talking about accounts that are smaller accounts, which tends to be what that walk-in is, because when we're talking about our larger customers, we're typically going to their locations. It represents mid-single digits of our total revenue. So do you get some incremental revenue from that? In all likelihood, we will. I wouldn't overstate the overall impact to growth. It could contribute something at the margin but I wouldn't overstate the potential of that.
Dan Florness: Most of our revenue, we don't even know where our location is.
Holden Lewis: Exactly.
Dan Florness: I don't know if there's any other questions in queue. We're at 3 minutes to the hour, so I think I'll call it there. If anybody got cut off -- if anybody was cut off, I apologize for that. I just want to close this one thought. I just got back twp days ago from a week -- eight day trip. I was over in Shanghai and Ningbo, China. And there's a lot of nascent level, global level wrangling that occurs in society, and I guess that's just the nature of life. I have to say, I was over there. We celebrated 20 years of Fasco, our trading company and 20 years of our sales organization over there. The people I met were incredible. I've spent a lot of time with our team right in Shanghai. I spent good time with our Fasco team, a handful of district managers, our RVP over there, our Senior VP that covers the European and Asian business and went down and visited a branch in south -- down by Suzhou, and I hope I pronounced that correctly. And great people and really impressed with what I saw and the dedication they have to what we're about, what our customers are about. And when I think of the -- our branch manager I met down in Suzhou, what an outstanding young man and the team he had really impressive people. And I'm always amazed their grasp with the English language. It's probably better than my grasp of the English language. With that, thanks for your time today and everybody have a great rest of day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal 2023 Q3 Earnings Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of the Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2023 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2023 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Taylor. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our third quarter call. I'll start on the -- reference the flip book on Page 3. Conditions remained challenging in the third quarter of '23, reflected in a daily sales growth rate of 4%. Still, regardless of the year, we celebrate milestones when they occur. I remember just over 10 years ago when we hit $10 billion (ph) in daily sales for the first time, we recognized that on this call, as well as internally to celebrate that milestone. Some years later, we hit $20 million. Here in the month of September, we broke $30 million in sales per day for the first time in our history, and my congratulations to the Fastenal organization for hitting that milestone. Our sales growth in the quarter translated into EPS growth -- EPS of $0.52, 4.1% growth over the same period last year. Our results reflect the unique profile -- product profile of our business. Fasteners still constitute about a third of our sales, and within that subcategory, about 63% is in OEM-oriented fastener, and that business can be very cyclical because of the production needs of each of the customers we're serving. If you look at the rest of the business, it tends to be much more MRO-oriented. Our fastener daily sales, as you've seen in our monthly sales release, have decelerated at a faster rate than our non-fastener business as we've gone through the calendar year. The third-quarter operating margin hit was 21%, which matched last year despite the one less selling day. And so, earlier I spoke about the $30 million we do in a day. The quarter had one less day. Many of our -- some of our expenses are tethered to the day, most are not. And so, pleased that the team was able to match the operating margin of 21% from last year. But I believe that understates the reality of the performance. If you looked at it on a same-day basis, we believe we would have increased the operating margin, because we'd have had roughly $10 million more, about a third of that $30 million in operating income, because that -- a good chunk of that flows through because of the change in the nature of the expense. The Blue Team, if I think about the last several years, we had a unique opportunity to serve the marketplace because of our pristine balance sheet. When COVID hit the globe back in 2020, we were able to step forward and secure and -- and purchase and fund with cash a meaningful increase in inventory, primarily centered on safety supplies, because our customers and society, in general, needed something to get through that period, and we were proud to be part of the solution. We were able to do that because of our balance sheet. As the global economy reemerged from the pandemic, we saw first-hand, and you saw it in daily news clippings, about congestion that was going on in supply chains around the planet. Again, as supply chains became more rocky and you couldn't rely on how many days it would take to get product, there's a solution to that. Its stock more product. And we beefed up our balance sheet and our cash flow suffered as a result, but I believe our standing with our customers and in the marketplace never performed better, because the market could rely on the covenant that Fastenal provided to them in being a great supply chain partner. As we moved deeper into 2022 and now into 2023, we've been able to unwind a piece of that. And as a result, our year -- on a year-to-date basis, we have converted 121% of our net earnings into operating cash flow. That's our highest performance in a decade that's averaged just shy of 100% -- about 95%. If I look at it from the standpoint of relative to a year ago, in the quarter, our operating cash grew about 51%. Year-to-date, our operating cash has grown 69%. Again, part of that's a reflection of the investments we made to serve our marketplace and our ability to unwind that in the current environment and translate that into cash flow for the organization to serve our shareholders and to serve the business as we move into the future. Our Onsite and FMI installed bases and our digital footprint continue to expand. And earlier this year, we did some restructuring and we announced the elevation of Jeff Watts to Chief Sales Officer in the organization. We did some restructuring of the sales side of our organization, because we wanted to double down on the challenge we'd put in place in front of everybody going back to the 2015 time frame. And that was really stepping into what we saw as an untapped opportunity to grow our business faster, and that was to expand our Onsite presence. It was earlier this year that, for the first time, the number of Onsites in the organization outnumbered the number of branches in the organization, and that delta continues to expand. And we believe that each of our district managers has the potential in their market to land two Onsites per year, and it's our job and part of the purpose of the restructuring of the sales team was to really just decide, hey, we believe it, but we haven't done it. Let's do this thing. We expanded not too many years ago, we were signing 80 Onsites a year and we laid out the plan to get to 400 a year. We expect, as you see on the next page, we'll do about 350 this year. But we haven't hit that number, and we've been kind of stuck. Now, COVID threw some challenges our way. It's never an easy time to move into -- move in with somebody when they're trying to isolate from the rest of the world, and that challenged our ability to grow coming out of COVID. But looking at the opportunity that's out there, I believe we can do that. We need to turn that belief into a reality. Flipping to Page 4. Speaking of Onsites, we did sign 93 in the quarter. So, our active sites are 1,778, 13.5% greater than they were at the end of third quarter of 2022. And our daily sales in those Onsites, excluding transferred business when you open an Onsite, is in the low-double digit rates. So, we're seeing good growth there. We're just not signing enough. And as I said, we still anticipate signing roughly 350 this year. FMI technology, there we set lofty goals as well. We said, can we do 100 a day? Not 100 a quarter, but 100 a day of our weighted device count. Now, we did 5,969 during the quarter, 95 per day versus 81 a year ago. The team's performing really well here. We're not at the 100. The 100 is the goal, and we will push and push and push till we get there. But I'm really proud of what the team is doing, and you see that shine through. When you look at our sales by product line in -- in our monthly and quarterly releases, one thing you do see is, our safety business, grew almost 10% in the month of September and a lot of that could be attributed to the success we're seeing in FMI. And it's our anticipation we'll sign between 23,000 and 25,000 MEUs this year, and that's a combination of FASTBin and FASTVend. eCommerce, we can -- it's still, in the scheme of things, a relatively small piece of our business. It's just under 25%, but it's up from single digits not too many years ago. And it currently grows -- it grew about 41% during the quarter. And that's really a case of the marketplace saying to us, we'd prefer to purchase from you this way, and our team in the field and our team in technology building an ever better mousetrap to serve into that market. As I've shared on prior calls, we still have a ways to go on this piece of our business, because a chunk of eCommerce is that unplanned spend, and our goal is to keep making that easier for our team to do in the field. Finally, if you roll up FMI and eCommerce, we talk about our digital footprint. How much of our revenue is touching some digital aspect of engagement? We were at 57% in the quarter versus 49.5% a year ago. Our challenge to the team is targeting 60% sometime before we exit this year. And our long-term expectation, is still at that 85% we've talked about in the past that we believe will be part of our digital footprint as we move into the future. In addition to our earnings release, there's several 8-Ks that have gone out around the earnings time, and I thought I'd share just some insight on the three. The first one, and I believe it went out yesterday evening after market close, we announced as we do typically on a quarterly basis, a dividend, we bounced to $0.35 dividend, which is consistent with the dividend we paid in each of the first three quarters of the year. We also announced a few leadership changes. One is, is a press release we put out, one of the individuals that's been very influential in our ability to beef up our inventory during COVID and wrap it back down and overseeing the distribution and transportation teams as well is Tony Broersma. Tony has been with the organization of roughly 20 years, and he's demonstrated through a career and we identified that we lay out his career in the press release, the different roles he's had, but he's demonstrated excellence. And yesterday, I asked the Board of Directors to elevate him to Executive Vice President over operations. So essentially elevating his role in that his responsibility will be largely unchanged from what we had previously, but it's recognizing his performance and what we see in the future of Tony within the organization. Second filing one out. It's a required filing related to one of our officers who has decided to move on to a new chapter in his career. And it's Terry Owen, our Chief Operations Officer. I have known Terry for many years. He's been with the organization. I believe all told, he's been with the organization about 28 years. The official documents say it's 24.5 because he was in the earlier years, part of time with the organization, but then came full time and had a break in service there. But Terry has demonstrated a career of exemplary service to the organization. We've had some conversations in recent months about some aspirations he had in the -- he's looking at the number of years he has left in his career and what he wants to do as he moves into his next chapter life. He discovered an opportunity we thought was quite compelling that would serve his desire for the future as well as his family. Terry had relocated to the East Coast of the U.S. several years ago for family reasons. And all I can say that Terry is your good friend. I wish you best of luck in your next endeavor. And thank you for the team that you developed, Tony being one of them, but thank you for the team you developed. The organization has always prided itself on our ability to build leaders and promote from within. And every time we see a person decide to take a new chapter in life, whether that's after retirement or going into a family business or whatever the case might be. We always see another layer of talent right behind that person ready to step in and discover their future and their opportunity. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on the slide deck on Slide 5. Total sales in the third quarter of 2023 were up 2.4%, adjusting for the fact that we had one fewer selling day in the quarter, our daily sales were up 4%. Frankly, the dynamics of the quarter varied very little from the second quarter of 2023. Macro data points and feedback from the regional leadership continue to point to sluggish demand and a cautious outlook for spending and production. We are certainly encouraged by the improvement in our September daily sales rate to up 5%. However, it seems to have more to do with easing comparisons in certain parts of our business than a clear signal of firming customer demand or brightening outlooks. Dynamics around our products, customers and end markets have also trended similarly over the past three months and six months. Manufacturing grew 6.4% despite soft demand, benefiting from further growth in the Onsite installed base and initiatives in national accounts in the field to target key account plan spend, which is disproportionately manufacturing-oriented. Non-manufacturing was down 1.3%, though the rate of decline moderated as we began to hit easier comparisons in non-residential construction, reseller and warehousing customers. From a product standpoint, fasteners are relatively weak at down 2% due to their more cyclical profile and rapid pricing moderation. In contrast, non-fastener products remain healthy, due to further growth in our vending installed base and improved comparisons. As it relates to pricing, it remains positive but has come back to a range of 0% to 2% that we consider to be typical under normal economic conditions. We did experience very modest deflation within our fastener product line. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the third quarter of 2023 was 21%, equaling our margin from the third quarter of 2022. We typically believe that given mid-single digit daily sales growth, we should be able to defend our margin. However, that we were able to do so despite the headwinds related to the one fewer sales day that Dan described in his prepared remarks, points to what we believe was more effective cost management by the Blue Team relative to the second quarter of 2023. Gross margin was 45.9%, flat in the period from the prior year. Freight remained favorable, reflecting modest leverage of our captive fleet expenses, reduced use of external freight providers, lower fuel and reduced shipping costs. We also benefited from the absence of last year's $3.4 million glove write-down and slightly positive price-cost. These favorable variables match the margin drag related to product and customer mix. The impact of mix was slightly less negative and the impact of price-cost was slightly more positive than anticipated at the second quarter call. We did not take any incremental pricing actions in the period and the favorable price cost in the current period largely regains the negative price cost we discussed in the third quarter of 2022. We expect price cost to trend neutral in coming quarters. SG&A was 25% of sales, up from 24.8% of sales, mostly due to the one fewer sales day. We experienced modest payroll leverage with lower incentive pay, reflecting slower growth in the third quarter of 2023 versus the third quarter of 2022. This was more than offset by rising information technology spend, an increase in general insurance costs, increased expenses to maintain our selling related truck fleet and higher bad debt Relative to the second quarter of 2023, the organization tightened its management of discretionary expenses with spending on travel, meals and supplies being down 0.6% year-to-year and continued moderation of growth in our FTE count. Putting everything together, we reported third quarters 2023 EPS of $0.52, up 4.1% from $0.50 in the third quarter of 2022. Turning to Slide 7. We generated $388 million in operating cash in the third quarter of 2023 or 131% of net income in the period. Cash generation is traditionally strong in third quarter, though conversion in the current quarter was stronger than its historically typical. This reflects reduced need for working capital as demand slows down and improvements in inventory. The resulting strong cash flow means our balance sheet remains conservatively capitalized at the end of the third quarter of 2023 with debt ending at 7% of total capital versus 9.4% in the second quarter of 2023 and 14.9% in the third quarter of 2022. Year-over-year, accounts receivable were up 5.4%, which is a combination of sales growth and the impact of mix due to faster growth of larger customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories fell 9.8%, slower customer demand reduced working capital needs. We are unwinding inventory layers built in late 2021 and early 2022 to manage supply chain constraints. And our field and hub operations have sustainably streamlined inventory processes. Our days on hand fell again to 134.6 days, the lowest since 2002, which reflects improved velocity of inventories through our internal network, a reduction of retail stock in branches and improvements in stocking processes. We reduced our net capital spending range to $180 million to $190 million, down from $210 million to $230 million. This largely reflects timing and deferrals related to hub automation and expansion projects that we do expect to be included in next year's capital spending plans. The third quarter of 2023 profiled very similarly to the second quarter of 2023. We continue to experience stagnant demand, a cyclical shift favoring non-fasteners and a secular shift favoring larger manufacturing-oriented customers. Growth driver performance is not quite where we would like it to be, but it's at levels that continue to support good growth in our installed base, success in providing differentiated value to our customers and further cost and asset efficiency. Operating margin performance remained stable despite the slow growth and our capacity to generate cash to reinvest in the business remains strong. We did begin to experience easier comparisons in certain markets, and our management of discretionary expenses improved over the preceding quarter. We continue to believe we are positioned to meaningfully accelerate sales growth when underlying demand improves while sustaining strong profitability and returns. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: So the price cost definitely coming a bit better than what we expected. Is this as simple as thinking about the ocean freight rate normalization and we're starting to see that now coming through from inventory. So I'm just wondering if when we obviously talk about the freight benefits, just wondering if that's more ocean bound freight as opposed to domestic.
Holden Lewis: I think, Nigel, there's a little bit of that, that's flowing through, but we've definitely seen lower costs related specifically to our fastener line. And I think that's largely what you're seeing. So yeah, when we think about what caused a lot of the inflation in our business, there was an element of it that was raw material, but there was a fairly significant element that was related to transportation. And so yeah, I think you're just seeing some of that gradual impact play through. But I want to also give a lot of credit to the organization, particularly sort of the field and the national accounts teams and the folks that manage pricing. I mean, I believe five years ago that we wouldn't as effectively have been able to align our pricing and cost in the way we have. The variance that we've had against what's going on in the market has been fairly tame. If you remember, this quarter last year, we were talking about 20 basis point deficit and we felt that, that was going to -- we felt at the time that we hadn't quite caught up with where costing went with fasteners. I think our guidance at the time was we kind of expect that costing to catch up. It has caught up and probably came in a little bit. But I think over coming quarters, you're going to see the benefit that we saw this quarter, which largely recaptures the deficit we saw a year ago. I think you're going to see that begin to moderate. So it wasn't what we expected either. As you know, we target neutral, we continue to target neutral. But I don't think that it's a -- I don't think it's a sustained trend either. I think as we go through the next couple of quarters, it's going to trend back to neutral.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, Holden. And then on the CapEx pushouts of the projects, was that an elected push out? Just want to see if that was maybe just, I don't know, supply chain challenges or delays from a supply side or was that elective.
Holden Lewis: The majority of it was not elective. We had a -- there's a piece of property in there. The signing of which just got pushed out from fourth quarter to first quarter, that's just a calendar timing issue. We did have some automation projects where it's just a matter of when the product is going to come in. We always do it would be later in the year and it's just going to sort of cross the calendar line. So the majority of it relates to projects that we remain committed and excited about and will fall into the 2024 and it was more a function of timing. Now I will say that earlier in the year, we did say, look, take a look at your budgets, it's not a great year in terms of demand and tighten some stuff up. So I think there's some elements in there of what you're talking about, and that's just about enforcing discipline across the organization. But I think the larger portion of it relates to projects that will be coming back into the business in 2024.
Nigel Coe: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is now live.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on some of the price cost commentary. I understand that price cost was positive from a year-on-year perspective. But I think you said the deficit was largely caught up, from which would kind of maybe imply that you're still a bit price cost negative at the moment. So when we think about that trajectory back to neutral, is that like incremental price cost positive to get there or is that incremental price cost give back to get there? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: I mean I guess I'm viewing the next couple of quarters as being the inverse of the last few. Again, if you remember, in Q3, we talked about fasteners, we had a little bit of a deficit in price-cost. And the guidance at the time was that over the next few quarters, you would see that deficit begin to decline. Was there a fastener deficit in Q4? Yes, there was. Is it possible that we get that fastener deficit from Q4 back in Q4 of this upcoming quarter? Yeah, I think that that's possible. But the deficit Q4 last year was not as wide as the deficit in Q3, and I'm not expecting the benefit in Q4 this year to be at the same level as the benefit we saw in Q3. Really, again, this feels very much like the inverse of what occurred last year. And at the end of the day, yeah, we'll probably wind up over the course of multi-years kind of being neutral from a price cost standpoint. But within that overall trend, there's been a little bit of swinginess.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then maybe could you just talk a little bit about pricing on the non-fastener side? I think I understand that the fastener is seeing some price pressure, whether it's the metal or the freight. But can you talk about the non-fastener side of the business? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. We don't talk about [indiscernible] behaving largely like we would expect it to. Pricing in the non-fastener areas has moderated just like our overall pricing has, but much like our overall pricing levels at this point, it's kind of back in the range that we would normally expect it to be in. It's still positive. It's lower than it was a year ago. But frankly, that area is performing largely as we expected. Historically, we have not traditionally seen negative pricing in non-fastener products. And I don't expect that, that's going to happen in this cycle either. So we view that the conditions for pricing in those products to be pretty stable here.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from David Manthey from Baird. Your line is now live.
David Manthey: Dan, Holden, good morning.
Holden Lewis: Hi, Dave. Good morning.
David Manthey: First question, could you talk about the feedback and early returns after you reopened the front doors of your stores last month?
Dan Florness: I don't -- there hasn't been a lot of feedback. One thing I do every day, and I've done this, quite frankly, have done this for the last eight years is I -- and each day in every web feedback that comes in from customers, I try to read. I'm not going to say I read 100%, but I tried to. And that tells you it's a small enough number that I'm able to even try to, when you consider the hundreds of thousands of customers we have. And over time, you pick up different themes. And obviously, you could -- if I go back to the COVID era, boy, were there themes jumping out. The themes were a society really frustrated, not with us, just with some -- just frustrated. Scared about what's going on. Most of our business is in the U.S. and so scared about what was going on and things that were going on and chaos around them. And oftentimes, I would call -- I would once a week, maybe twice a week call somebody up, kind of throws them a little off kilter when they get a call from me right after they've put something, but you learn a lot that way. It's largely almost too quick to see, but my predecessor had a phrase he used, sometimes he used to keep it on his computer screen. So if you want to grow your business, make it easy to buy. And sometimes, if you confuse the market, it's kind of like in today's world, you've got to eat. It's a rare time that I go out to eat that I don't check on my phone to see if the place is even open. Mondays and Tuesdays, especially you can't necessarily count on it, especially in a town of 25,000 people. Economics don't work for that business to be open certain nights. And so the biggest thing we needed to do is be really, really consistent with what we're doing. And the market reacts to that by saying, okay, this makes sense. And but if you get there and the door is closed, and you were expecting it to be opened. So I don't have a lot of insight for you, Dave, other than to say, there's probably a fewer comments about, I stopped there at 8 in the morning or 10 in the morning and your door was closed what's going on. And on the flip side, it's also empathy is a two-way street. And it's really looking at it and saying, it's finding that spot where the business can meet the roads, the wheel can meet the roads or rubber meets the road, whatever that expression is, but it's good for both parties. And good is that we can provide a high level of service and it's economically good business for, again, both parties. I believe we can find it. A lot of that business is -- has migrated, and we've seen it in our own internal statistics really since COVID started the amount of that business that's migrated to the Internet. And it's really -- in some ways, the market making that transition of, boy, it's a lot easier if I pop an order online and then go pick it up. It's easier for the customer and so I think that's part of it. And it's also reminding our teams locally that our goal in everything we do is always trying to figure out how to make the market opportunity bigger and find good productive use of our time to serve the marketplace and serve our customer. I like it from the standpoint, I think it's a better message for our team, go and grow the dam business and don't -- and stop spending time about what you're not going to do.
Holden Lewis: And just probably the one piece of perspective I might add, Dave is, for a long time or for several years, we had a lot of different models occurring within the branch, right? There were some branches that did, in fact, close their doors. There were some branches that had very specific low call average. There are some branches that stayed open. There are branches that flipped their counters -- branches that didn't. And I think what you're really seeing and picking up on is after several years of experimentation, which is really what Fastenal does. It came time to say, let's settle on and align around kind of an agreed approach to it. And so what you picked up is essentially us having looked at the various experimentations that were run throughout the organization for a number of years and say, "hey, here's the path forward that we're going to take.
David Manthey: I appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jacob Levinson from Melius Research. Your line is now live.
Jacob Levinson: Good morning, Dan, Holden.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Jacob Levinson: I know you guys saw into lots and lots of different end markets. And maybe it's not always easy to tell exactly where the product is going at the end of the day. But maybe you can just walk us through what you're hearing from the field in terms of some of the positive and negative outliers on a vertical basis?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. Unfortunately, we don't have great granular insight market by market. The example I often give is, there's a lot of manufacturers out there that are considered manufacturers in our business, but they might have enormous oil and gas exposure, but we don't see that oil and gas exposure. So I wish I could give you more detail end market by end market. We just don't have it. The data doesn't break out that way. The feedback from the field continues to be fairly uniform. I think aerospace is doing fairly well. I'm not getting a lot of feedback that anything else is really inflecting more favorably. I'm getting the feedback that everything else remains fairly tepid. And that generally speaking, managers across our business are fairly cautious on where the market is today. But I wish we could give you more granularity end market by end market. We just don't have the means to measure it that way.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'll add to it in my ask of everybody hearing this, don't read too much into it because it's a relatively small piece of our business. But when I'm going through the numbers, the individual that poses the stuff together, I often wear him out a little bit with questions and just to understand it myself. And the other end markets, which is about 11% of our business, it's a bunch of stuff in there since the term other and it peaked up. And in one of the components of that is our business and our government business has been gaining strength as we've gone through the year, but it didn't gain strength sequentially in September. And sometimes that's just a function of comp. But generally speaking, it's been gaining because we've been really successful in Onsite and government locations that we have in the business. And so I asked him, I said, I know government didn't tick up. Why did that tick up? And a big chunk of that other is transportation. And it's not automotive transportation that's not in there. It's transportation that we sell into and that saw a real uptick. I'm not sure what that means. So maybe I created more questions with that answer than an answer with that answer. But that was the one thing that jumped out at me. I was -- I'm still scratching my head on it, but at least I know that's what drove the other end markets to grow 12.5%.
Jacob Levinson: Okay. That's helpful color. Thanks. Maybe just switching gears quickly on, I think, maybe in past cycles, FAST would have maybe had trouble holding the margin line and revenue growth at these lower levels. And I guess the question is, structurally, what's really changed in the business today versus prior cycles and gives you that confidence and maybe being able to have higher incremental margins going forward even if the growth rates aren't necessarily in this macro backdrop at least, higher.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I think there's a few things in there. One is, when we came through the tariff period, that was brutal from the standpoint of our pricing tools being so decentralized, communicating what was changing almost on a week-by-week basis was incredibly difficult. And there was one quarter I sat down with our IT -- John Soderberg, our leader of IT, and I said, John, I'm going to ask you something that I never -- that I told you I'd never ask you to do. We're going to shut down all IT development for whatever time it takes, and we're going to focus 100% of our energy on a better pricing tool for our organization to use because this is a disaster we're going through right now, and we can't handle these fluctuations because our system isn't built for that. And we shut down IT, and we focused on building what we call our price review tool. And then we had other folks in the organization that took that our district managers. We have a key person here in Winona, Kevin Fitzgerald, who took that and created a great tool and our ability to price and pricing isn't is much about not being too high as it is about not being too low because sometimes if your price isn't precise and you're too high, you might actually hurt your margin because you don't sell enough of that or if you were 3 points lower, you would sell more of it, and it help your margin. So on the gross margin side, we've gotten better at our ability to price. And in the recent years, our transportation team has gotten really agile and manage the expense side. So that's on the gross margin piece. And there's a bunch of other things, but I don't want to give you a 15-minute answer. On the operating expense side, we focused a lot of energy on people development, on leadership development. Earlier when I was talking about the transition with Terry, one of the things that always makes me feel good about transition within Fastenal is the incredible bench of talent we have that exists throughout the organization. It's from a promote within culture. Because of all that investment, our leadership team, whether it be in a support area, at the district level, at the regional level, our leadership team has never been better. And one thing I'll credit, especially to Casey Miller, who leads our U.S. business and Jeff Watts, who leads our global business. They both have done an incredible job over the last five, six years of challenging their leaders to be better at managing the expense side. Because in a decentralized organization, there's nothing more difficult than that. You have to be out ahead of stuff. And they've just done a wonderful job on that. And then the other piece, not displayed anybody, our distribution team and their ability to manage expenses through the cycle is second to none. So as I look at the information I see and I click my ails and I'm like, I can't believe how good this team is. And I think we're just better at it. And that's not about one person. That's about an organization that's gotten better over time.
Jacob Levinson: Thank you, both. Thats great color. Ill pass it on.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Patrick Baumann from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Patrick Baumann: All right. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one for Holden first. Just wanted to follow up on the near-term gross margin expectations. It sounds like the price cost will be favorable year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And then, you also have an easy comp, I think you had called out like weaker product margins last year. Maybe that's the non-fastener business. I guess just given that and your third quarter performance, are you thinking the gross margin in the fourth quarter is going to be up year-over-year? And then can it also be up maybe from the third quarter as well?
Holden Lewis: No, not up from the third quarter. The first off, I think you have a number of things from Q3 to Q4. The first is, there is seasonality in play. And I think it's typically, give or take, 30 basis points of seasonality between third quarter and fourth quarter, that's just proven true over time. It relates to the mix of our business in the fourth quarter, et cetera.
Dan Florness: And the delevering of our trucking network.
Holden Lewis: And the delevering of our trucking network. So I think, first off, you have that sequential headwind. Now, in the past, I've argued that it might be slightly more muted into Q4, but that was also based on a lot of freight advantage. Now, I will tell you in the third quarter, we've begun to see cyclically, sometimes when things get challenging you can see some of your freight revenue piece begin to soften a little bit. And we saw some of that during the third quarter. And the leverage that you get when you grow the freight revenues reverses when you don't. And that was a bit of a challenge at the end of the third quarter that if that carries into the fourth quarter because demand is still weak, I think that, that goes from something that was doing fantastically for us in Q2 and becomes perhaps a little bit weaker. So I think that plays out perhaps a little bit softer as well. And then I guess I do believe that there'll be some moderation in price cost. So I think relative to the third quarter level, I think you're likely to see the fourth quarter come down a little bit greater than normal seasonality in this case.
Patrick Baumann: Great. Helpful color. I really appreciate that. And then, I got one more in terms of the branch size now. It looks like it's close to that target you laid out in the fourth quarter, around the fourth quarter conference call, I think you said 1,450 for U.S. plus Canada. So maybe if you could update us on [Technical Difficulty] is that for now? And then a couple of things in context of that, like how should we think about that sales momentum in the non-res and reseller accounts, which I think has been hurt by some of this consolidation and then also the occupancy expense account where I think you've been benefiting from some of that in terms of costs coming out of the business? Thanks for any color on that. I appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: That may be four questions.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I'll try to unpack that in reverse order. And if I missed something, help me out. But first off, branch count 1,450 is our target number. That's not a -- we're at this number and an edict comes out that says thou shalt not close or thou shalt not open. That number could -- perhaps we should talk in ranges instead of exact points because 1,450 was what our internal team identified as a target number, looking at demographics, and I believe it, I don't have the stat in front of me, so if I'm wrong, I apologize, I would have been in the flipbook from the first -- from January. But I believe at 1,450, we were within 30 minutes of 93% of the U.S. manufacturing base and so it's a theoretical number. Could I see it go down to 1,400, yes. Could I see it go to 1,500, yes. The closure piece will become ever quieter. And as we move into 2024, I know just yesterday, I was chatting with Casey and Jeff about some of that and what they're seeing because there's still a few closures on the horizon. Part of it is reminding folks that the openings are okay, too. And so I think we'll be in that 1,400, 1,500 range. So don't read anything into it moving up or down 20.
Holden Lewis: And then since it wraps into the concept, what you will see is as the rate of closings moderate versus the last several years, you're going to have a little bit less of an incremental sort of take out of costs than we've had over the last several years. We still believe occupancy is ultimately leverageable but you had inflation at the same time that you had close things that tended to offset one another, and that's going to moderate as you go into 2024 and beyond to some degree, so.
Dan Florness: If I look at occupancy in the third quarter, we actually didn't leverage it. And part of the reason for that is within occupancy, we have two components. We have our branch and Onsite network. We have, obviously, our distribution centers. But we also have our FMI, our vending and FASTBin. And the reason we classify that as occupancy. When we started vending 15-plus years ago, looked at it and said, a vending machine is basically a shelf. We've taken a shelf out of the branch. We've wrapped it in a metal box, and we put that shelf in the customer's facility, but it's a shelf. And we really challenged our district leaders to think about that as occupancy on our internal P&L. We classify it as occupancy because if a branch grows from 100 to 150 and for simple purposes, let's just say that, that 50,000 of growth is all vending. I shouldn't need a bigger building. And my occupancy grows because I have the depreciation and expense associated with my vending platform. And it was a way of more holistic about it. Our FMI numbers, as you know, we're signing 95 devices a day. Our FMI grew 6%. And our expenses within occupancy, and that was about 55%. So our occupancy grew just under 4%. And about 55% of that related to vending. But even though we closed some branches and closed some locations, our rent has not gotten cheaper in the last 12 months, and we will continue to be challenged with that. One of the things we've talked about on prior calls is the thing we call Lyft. And Lyft is about efficiency of where we're picking the product to replenish FMI vending today with FMI more broadly. But it also -- if I have a 50 vending machines out of -- that are serviced out of a branch, and I don't need to stock all of that inventory in the local branch because I'm picking it in an automated distribution center in a highly efficient way. Now that distribution center isn't free, but I also don't need to expand the footprint of my branch because I freed up 40 feet of shelving that was dedicated to FAST vending in the past. But it's given us some challenges on the fact that occupancy has grown. And as you can imagine, the further you get from the middle of the country, the more expensive the space gets and when you get into some of our businesses in Europe, it's more expensive than it is in Winona, Minnesota. But I feel good about our ability over time to continue to manage that and lever it, as I said with our FMI, that business is growing quite handsomely, and we grew our expense to 6%, so we levered that nicely.
Patrick Baumann: Thanks so much for the color. Best of luck.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now live.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start on fasteners and ask whether it's possible to parse the down 2% DSR into an MRO versus OEM component. And it's really the OEM side that's the crux of the question. But any context you could give there and then I'll have one follow-up on OEM. Thanks.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. So what we're seeing in the quarter is you continue to have MRO fasteners down and we actually had OEM fasteners that were still rising. The perspective you need to have though is, we continue to see our OEM fasteners grow as a proportion of the mix because they tend to benefit from the growth in our Onsite. So today, a lot of our growth is coming through Onsites, and therefore, a lot of those new signings, those new implementations also bring in OEM fasteners. And so in the past, we've talked about OEM, and I think people have been surprised that OEM hasn't gotten negative given sort of the behavior. But if you go back to like mid last year, OEM fasteners were growing mid-20s. If you come to current period, it's growing low-single digits. And so you've seen significant moderation in OEM fasteners as the production environment has softened over the past 12 months, but it's still growing because of the success we continue to have signing and implementing Onsites.
Tommy Moll: That's helpful. Thanks, Holden. I guess, to keep going with the same theme, some of the commentary you've offered today on the OEM side has sounded similar to recent quarters. And recently, you talked about the destocking dynamic at customer locations, particularly for the OEM business. Is there anything you can do to parse real underlying demand there versus shorter product delivery cycles and maybe customers are just ordering later in their production cycle.
Dan Florness: Yeah. If you think about what we do, in a perfect world, where we're supplying OEM fasteners. The customer isn't ordering it per se. We're supplying it when they need it. And that shouldn't change depending on the cycle because the question is, if you peer downstream from the manufacturing activity to our customer or their supply chain to the end market. How much inventory is there because if  there shouldnt be a different stage of where you're ordering OEM fasteners. The pull-through is what the pull-through is. Now some of the changes from what Holden talked about a year ago, there was elements of inflation in there. But there was also elements of folks had such an unstable supply chain for everything else. Fortunately, they were partnered with Fastenal, and their supply chain for fasteners was great. And I'm having a little fun with you there, but they might have had other stuff or their end markets, possession is [indiscernible] so they just ordered it because they were worried about getting it. And so I think you do have cases of downstream from our manufacturer customers. There's some stuff that piled up, but I think that's worked through. I think the poll right now is to poll. I was talking with our leader in Continental Europe the other day, and his business has ticked up, and I was just asked them some components about it. And he was talking about some of these transportation customers that picked up. He said their business is pulling through what they're selling, but they're being very, very cautious about not getting ahead of anything. So I think there, it's just true demand coming through.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. Maybe another anecdote as well. At the end of any given year, particularly years where demand is poor. Oftentimes, we get suppliers that approach us to say, hey, we sold just something for a discount. Would you take some of this stuff off our hands, so we can normalize our own production rates, and that's fairly typical. And I'll say that the -- it's still early, and we don't know what December is going to look like in many respects, but we haven't seen as much activity from our suppliers, inquiring about our willingness to enter into those kind of sort of year-end types of deals. And what that might suggest to you is that a lot of our suppliers might have inventories that are pretty close to where they need to be. Those are anecdotes. We're not even in November, December yet. But I'm probably feeling somewhat encouraged about where the inventory levels within and throughout our supply chain are getting to.
Tommy Moll: That's all very helpful. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. I had a couple of questions on gross margin. So usually gross margins kind of flat sequentially into 3Q, and obviously, it was up 40 bps. Can you just unpack what the drivers are there, just because that was the surprise factor.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. As I indicated in my preamble, mix wasn't quite the headwind that I expected it was going to be. And price-cost was more of a tailwind than I expected it to be relative to the guidance that I gave at the Q2 call. Those are the two pieces.
Ryan Merkel: And when you say price cost, you're talking on product, you're talking on freight because it sounds like freight was the thing that you mentioned first driving the gross margin.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. But in many cases, freight rolls into our product costs, right? The biggest reason why there's been inflation and deflation over the past three or four years isn't the cost of steel, there's a bit of that. It has a lot more to do with what the cost of moving product has been. So the price-cost in our -- when we talk about price-cost, in many cases, elements of freight are moved into product price.
Dan Florness: Because we consider that our landed cost to the shelf as opposed to when we're moving it around North America or moving around in our business.
Holden Lewis: Now there's transportation that does not fall into product costs. Those are our ramp trucks in the field, et cetera. But when you're talking about the cost of moving things from overseas to domestic, that goes into product cost, as Dan said, it's part of landed and that gets reflected in our price cost dynamics.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then sequentially, you think maybe gross margin could come down a little bit more than seasonality. Is that because price-cost is going to decline and the reason there you're going to lower fastener prices to match the lower product costs or is it also this idea that maybe charging for freight is getting a little bit harder.
Holden Lewis: No. I mean there's a few reasons why I think gross margin will come in a bit. One of it is the seasonality you talked about. The second thing I talked about a moment ago was simply freight revenues has softened a little bit in the face of a weaker cycle. And again, we have a certain degree of leverage around our freight that works great when the freight revenues are at record levels, and it's not quite as good when they're not, that's another element of it. And then the moderation in price-cost that I anticipate is probably has more to do with the field continuing to make modest adjustments where they're required by contract or what have you to do so. And again, we're talking about a relatively small number here. It's not dramatic. But those are the moving pieces that I see playing out to a slightly weaker fourth quarter gross margin relative to third.
Ryan Merkel: All right. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ryan. I see it's about 2 minutes before the hour, and I realize everybody on this call has a busy week of earnings conversations to be engaged in. Thank you for your time. Good luck in the fall and my thanks to the Fastenal team. Have a good day, everybody.
Holden Lewis: Thank you everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Fastenal 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to hand the call over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2023 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 1 hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2023 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call will include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for our second quarter earnings call. Before I start on Fastenal matters, I'd like to share a message. When I joined Fastenal back in 1996, one of the things that was unique in my joining is that I stepped into the role of Chief Financial Officer, Bob Kierlin offered me the opportunity. And so, I joined in an unconventional way in that I didn't start in a branch or in a distribution center and work my way up through the organization. And sometimes when you join an organization that promotes from within, you're not sure -- kind of reception you'll get when you join. One of the first people I met was Colleen Quad [ph], it was Bob Kierlin sister. She had retired in a retirement. She worked for Fastenal a few years in sales support. One of the nicest ladies I ever met and we lost Colleen [ph] earlier this year. And to her children and grandchildren, you have my condolences and as well as to Bob on the loss of your sister. What a wonderful lady and we were all blessed to know her. We started back in 67. So our 5 founders aren't in their 20s anymore. And Van McConnon -- Henry McConnon [ph], he goes by Van, he was our first employee. In fact, I think that's how he earned his stake in Fastenal, did well with that stake and I'm proud of them. He lost his wife Wilma earlier in the year and the same message. Van was -- could not have been more of a welcoming person to me when I joined the organization and here is my condolences in the loss of his wife to spring. With that, I'll move on onto the Fastenal quarter. Second quarter '23 is a challenging quarter. Last fall, when we -- or last December, when we had our leadership meetings and our planning discussions for 2023, the ISM had weakened. We knew that 2023 was going to have some slugging aspects to it. We warned -- we cautioned our team. Second quarter and third quarter will be tough quarters to get through and prepare yourself, prepare your teams from the standpoint that we're going to have to manage our expenses really well. We'll have to keep all of our heads skewed on the right way because there's been -- it's been an interesting number of years between tariffs and COVID and congested supply chains and inflation and all this stuff, there's noise, noise, noise. We're going to experience something we have experienced for a number of years and that's a slowing economy and prepare for what that means and get the muscle memory back. But it was a challenging quarter. Our earnings came in at $0.52, rising about 4.5%. Softer manufacturing activity led our data sales growth to decelerate. We grew 5.9% in the second quarter. We did not leverage. That's an important element of our business. Our sales grew 5.9% but as we're cycling through some mix changes and Holden, touch on a little more detail. Our gross profit dollars grew about 3.6% and our operating expenses grew 4.1% and I'm not real good with math but I know that's not a good combination if you want to leverage your earnings. And one of the elements is, we didn't anticipate it softening quite as much as it did and that 4.1% needed to be a little bit lower. We didn't adjust our variable costs quite quickly enough. As we've seen in prior time frames when the economy is weakening and it affects our ability to grow, the high amount of working capital on our balance sheet really can influence our ability to generate cash and given my old role as CFO, second quarter is a painful quarter for us typically because we have 2 tax payments. And when you're a profitable organization, you operate a lot of business in the United States, you pay a lot of good tax. And so second quarter hits us really hard. And normally, we -- for every dollar in earnings, we generate $0.60 to $0.70 in operating cash flow. I don't recall us ever having a second quarter where we generated more cash -- operating cash flow than earnings perhaps Holden will cite an example where we did. But -- and maybe it was 2009. But that's a strong cash flow as we've ever seen for this time of year. And it also -- and a chunk of it is from not just what's happening in the economy and the working capital needed to fund receivables and to fund inventory for growth. In the last several years as supply chains were really getting congested, the message that I made very clear to our supply chain folks and our teams, we have a covenant with our customer and that is worded supply chain partner, we will not let our customers down in their supply chain. If that means we need an extra 15 and extra 30, an extra 45 days of inventory, don't get ahead of yourself but we need to have inventory to support the business, period. And when the ports on the West Coast of North America were getting congested, the economy is turning back on, everything was getting congested, we beefed up our inventory. We started -- we were harvesting that. We were doing it in the first quarter. We're doing it this quarter. I think the team has done a wonderful job. It means we have capacity now to look at our balance sheet and say, where does it make sense to make strategic investments in inventory. I'm not saying there's stuff on the table right now but that discussion can be had, whereas a year ago and 2 years ago, we couldn't really even think about it because we were focusing all of our energy on something else. In the second quarter, we made some leadership changes. First off, Jeff Watts, who's led our international -- who joined Fastenal back in 1996, so he's been here for 27 years and started in our Canadian organization when we were -- when we had just a handful of locations in Ontario. He's led our international sales efforts since 2015 and he will oversee all of our sales efforts across the planet. And obviously, we know each other really well. The team in the U.S. -- international knows them really well because he's led that team for quite a few years. But the U.S. team is no stranger to a 27-year employees. So we know each other well but I believe we'll have greater coordination on our efforts. And Jeff has a very entrepreneurial approach to how he leads a business and I welcome him and look forward to the success he's going to see. Terry Owen, who's been in EVP Operations role, we formalized this role and that he's our Chief Operating Officer. And this bullet was added kind of late in the process. I found out yesterday as a team that I should mention this since we had announced it this quarter. And there's an error in our release. I thought I'd let you know and it's probably not material in the true aspects of life. But it is Terry has been here 28 years and I know he joined in June of 1999. And if I do the math, I think it's 24. So sorry, we didn't catch that error in our process. But in conclusion, cyclical factors aside, the last several years, we've taken a lot of steps to improve both our labor and our inventory productivity. And I believe this forms an excellent foundation for our ability to generate long-term share gains in the marketplace. Switching to the next page. Onsites, I'll state the obvious. 86 Onsite is a disappointing number. Our aspiration internally has been to drive that to 100 per quarter, 400 per year. That's been our stated aspect mentioned internally. Prior to COVID, we hit 362 and that was a ramp-up from 80 in 2015 to 176 to 270 to 336 to 362 per year. When COVID came along, it really impaired our ability to sign Onsites because the last thing you want when you're worried about people being around you is inviting a bunch of folks of Blueshirt to come in and operate inside your four walls. And so we saw that drop dramatically. We recovered to about -- we did 356 signings last year. We broke 102 out of four quarters. Perhaps some of the leadership changes we made in the last 60 days created some distraction, perhaps we're not as focused as we should be. But that number needs to be 400 a year or more. And right now, we've adjusted our number. We think we'll probably come in similar to last year, somewhere in the 350s. And with that said, the fact that our Onsites are up, we have 15% more Onsites than a year ago. That's a great number. We're just not building the pipeline the way we need to. FMI Technology, that's a different story. So, our goal in Onsite is 100 a quarter. Let's get there and then figure out how we take it to 110, 120 but let's get to 100 first. Same with FMI technology, it's not 100 a quarter, it's 100 a day. And I'm pleased to say in the fourth quarter -- excuse me, the second quarter, we did 106 per day. And that's market share gains. That's us going out and planting new flags in new locations to improve the supply chain for our customer, illuminate the supply chain for our customer and us being a great supply chain partner. That's a huge positive. I believe it tells me the marketplace is conceding the space to us. Maybe I'm wrong on that but I believe it is because we are so far out ahead of the marketplace. Year-to-date, I told the Board yesterday we're with the 106 this quarter -- we had our Board meeting yesterday, with 106 this quarter, we're at 100 year-to-date. I misspoke, we're actually at 99, but I'm really pleased with what the group is doing there. And the 39.8% of our sales went through our FMI platform in the second quarter. News flash, it was 40% in June. So we hit the number -- we hit 40%. Now we need to get to 45% and 50% but continue to see really nice progress there. E-commerce continues to grow handsomely for us and grew about 45% in the quarter. For us, this has been a different journey than other things because a lot of e-commerce is unplanned spend. If you think about our FMI Technology, that's all about planned spend. That's stuff you're using daily, weekly, every month in your business and it makes sense to stage it accordingly. E-commerce, a lot of that is stuff that you're hopping on to order. So it's unplanned. Historically, not a strong suit for us. And I'm pleased to say it's growing to be a bigger piece of our business. It's, as I mentioned, 45%. The EDI portion of it is up 37% and that's typically larger customers. The web portion of it can be large or small and that's up almost 70%. And to give you a magnitude of how that's changed and again, we're not great at this piece of the business, but we can be. But with that said, in 2015, when I stepped into this role, the web portion of it was less than 2% of sales and we were at $3.8 billion, $3.9 billion of the company back then. So about $75 million going through web sales back in 2015. In 2023, in the second quarter, it was 6.5% of sales. So right now, we're on a 12-month run rate of about $7.5 billion. So that's a business that's approaching $500 million and we're not that good at it, but we can be. And so it's 6.5x bigger than it was a handful of years ago. And obviously, it's been accelerated by the events of the last few years, COVID is a perfect example. What really accelerated as people do -- some people are working remotely. Some people are ordering a lot more stuff electronically. We're seeing that in our numbers and we're getting better at it every day. And when you push the FMI technology and the e-commerce together and you think about our digital footprint, that was 55.3% of sales in the second quarter of '23, was 47.9% a year ago. We thought we could get to 65% this year. We've tweaked it to 60%. I don't know if I completely agree with our language there about FASTStock conversions. I think it's really -- part of it is the case of we're doing more and more every day. But some of the activity, because a lot of the FASTStock, for example, is going into fastener installs. It's going into OEM production areas, it's going in the MRO production and we're doing more transactions every day. However, the transactions are a little bit smaller because industrial production is slowing down in our business. And so we might be doing more orders. There are just fewer of them. And I'll cite you a few statistics. In January of 2022, our FASTStock, we did 234,000 scans of orders through our tool which is 11,100 every day. So our employees are going out with an Android device and scanning 11,100 planograms every day and generating about a $250 order. Actually, it's closer to 260. And then in January of this year, that 11,100 had grown to 14,700 and between January and June, that 14,700 scans per day is now 16,300. That's a combination of market share gains and conversion of -- instead of going out with a yellow note pad, we're going out with an Android device in scanning bins. And so that's a huge win in our system from efficiency. It's a huge win from a standpoint of ability to take market share. But looking at the numbers, our average order size was $258 in calendar 2022. And in January, that number had dropped to $246. So it was down about 4.7%. And I think there's enough transactions going on there that, that's probably more a tone of the economy than anything else because when you're doing 300,000 a month, it's not a mixed thing. Between January and June, the $246 order dropped about $222, so it's down $24 which is 9.6%. That's primarily activity that's declining in the industrial marketplace. And there might be an element between January and June of a little bit of deflation because there's some fasteners in there, but it's mostly about activity. Just thought I'd share those start to get in the weeds. And I will share one last thing before I turn it over to Holden. And that is, again, this FASTStock tool, this Android device that we have out there. In October of -- excuse me, in the summer and fall of 2019, we did a beta version out in the Southern California of that device and work through some bugs, work through some bugs and started rolling it out to regions late in the year with a planned 2-year rollout. COVID-hit and we accelerated that rollout and we rolled it out across the company by June of 2020. So, we rolled -- we had a 2-year rollout in 6 months. And today, that's about 12% of our revenue. The -- in October of this year, we plan to roll out what we call our order pad which will be on the same device. It will be an internal-facing device and use it in beta for -- in the October time frame. If all goes well, our goal would be to roll it out in Q4. And essentially, it's a tool for our personnel when they're out visiting a customer, not only can I take a recurring order, I could easily take a customer asking for something or I can do a search on it and I can respond to the customer right in front of them. That's a capability we've never had and we plan to have -- we expect to have that by the end of this year for 2024. A second piece, that's an internal facing app. We've also developed an external-facing app called FASTScan, it's with beta customers right now. Our goal is in August to have that out in the Apple store and the Google Play for customers. If they choose to download that and that would be a bin stock app for customers. It's primarily smaller customers or customers that might be a few hours from a facility in Montana or in Western Canada, where they can do some bin stock scans themselves, transmit the orders so when we visit, we aren't surprised by a stock out and it makes for a better supply chain for that customer base. That will be, again, coming out in August. And depending on what we -- the success we find with our order pad, our goal would be next summer to roll that out in the customer-facing app as well. Again, we're not great at the web portion of our business. It's a $0.5 billion business within Fastenal now but we can be and we're building tools to do that because we think that's a better reaction to some of the buying habits that's going on in the marketplace. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. One loose thread there perhaps to pull a little bit. Last time we had cash conversion of this level. It was actually in the second quarter of 2020. For those who don't remember the second quarter of 2020, there was an event occurring at the time that we now know as the pandemic. But I really think it reinforces the point. It took a once-a-century event to create a second quarter that despite several tax payments, produced cash conversion in that 100% range. And the fact that our teams are able to do that in a quarter where thankfully, there has not been anything remotely looking like a pandemic. Again, I think really gets to the success of the teams in managing kind of the post-pandemic environment. So yes but it does take a condition of that sort. Jumping into the details on Slide 5 of the deck. Daily sales increased 5.9% in the second quarter of 2023. Since March, we have seen overall business activity moderate which culminated in June daily sales growth of up 4.7%. The most meaningful change in trend has occurred in our manufacturing customer. This segment grew 10.4% in the period despite sustained sub-50 PMIs and flat to negative industrial production. This reflects the impact of our investment in Onsite and greater sales focus on key account plan spend which tends to be significant within manufacturing. Even so, we did experience weaker sequential in May and June that represents a macro-driven change from the long string of strong sequentials that we had from 2021 to February of this year. As it relates to pricing, they contributed 190 to 220 basis points to growth in the period, declining approximately 470 basis points from the second quarter of 2022 and approximately 100 basis points from the first quarter of 2023. This trend is not a surprise and will likely continue in the second half of 2023. Other factors cited in recent quarters, specifically weakness among some large retailer customers, lack of growth in our rest of world geography and contraction in our construction end market remain factors in the current quarter but the dynamics around these areas were largely unchanged from prior periods. While we continue to pursue key account plan spend in construction, this market has historically had a disproportionate amount of smaller transactional spend where we are currently putting less emphasis. We believe this shift contributes to manufacturing outgrowth, better labor leverage and better asset efficiency. We have experienced manufacturing-driven weak sequentials in 3 of the last 4 months. Regional leadership continues to characterize customer sentiment as cautious with greater scrutiny over operating and capital spending and some mention of slower or deferred orders. As usual, we have limited forward visibility but most indicators seem to be pointing to the immediate outlook remaining soft. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the second quarter of 2023 was 21%, down from 21.6% in the prior year. The incremental operating margin was 11%. Gross margin was 45.5%, down 100 basis points in the prior year. This decline is almost entirely due to product and customer mix as we experienced widening sales growth outperformance of non-fasteners over fasteners and of Onsite growth over non-Onsite growth. Freight was favorable gross margin, reflecting record freight revenues that allowed for good leverage of our captive fleet, reduced use of external freight providers, lower fuel expenses and reduced shipping costs. The benefits of freight were offset by higher organizational or GAAP expenses. Reductions of purchasing and shipping activities of imported products, stemming from a smoother and more predictable supply chain relative to the year ago period caused higher prior period cost to be relieved from the balance sheet to the P&L. The impact of price cost was immaterial to gross margin in the second quarter of 2023. On the operating expense side, we produced 40 basis points of leverage which was not sufficient to fully offset the decline in gross margin. This was due entirely to payroll expenses, of which we experienced 60 basis points of leverage which was related to lower incentive compensation of last year's record level. This was offset by modest deleveraging of both occupancy costs and other expenses. There were 3 distinct elements playing out in our operating margin in the second quarter of 2023. First, I alluded to the GAAP expenses. The GAAP expenses had the convergence of a difficult comparison, aggressive inventory reductions and shortening product order cycles. This alone is a 50 basis point negative impact and is unlikely to repeat by anywhere near the same magnitude in the second half of 2023. Second, certain expenses such as 16% growth in IT spending and 13% growth in cost for FMI devices represent planned and prudent investments in our business, the impact of which is magnified by the slower sales growth environment. Third, the Blue Team did not adjust spending quickly enough to the slower macro environment with the variable cost for meals, travel, supplies, all increasing double digits. Also, while lower incentive compensation produced leverage in the second quarter, we continue to have growth in headcount and part-time hours that exceeds sales growth. I would expect us to tighten this spending appreciably in the third quarter of 2023. Putting everything together, we reported second quarter 2023 EPS of $0.52, up 4.6% from $0.50 in the second quarter of 2022. Turning to Slide 7. We generated $302 million in operating cash in the second quarter of 2023 or approximately 101% of net income in the period. Traditionally, normal second quarters have a conversion rate in the 60% to 70% range. So this is a strong cash performance relating to a reduction in the use of cash for working capital versus the prior period. This allowed us to reduce debt with debt ending at 9.4% of total capital in the second quarter of 2023, down from 13.7% in the first quarter of 2022 and from 10.9% in the first quarter of 2023 -- I apologize, 13.7% in the second quarter of 2022. Year-over-year accounts receivable was up 6.1%, largely tracking sales growth with the impact of mix due to faster growth from larger customers which tend to have longer terms being offset by improved receivables quality. Inventories fell 6%. This is a function of normalized supply chains, allowing us to unwind inventory layers we had built up in late 2021 and early 2022 to manage that period's product bottlenecks. That process will likely continue, though likely to a lesser degree, throughout 2023. It is also notable that our days on hand fell to 138.5, a level not seen since 2002 which reflects improved velocity of inventory through our internal network, a reduction of retail stock in branches and improvements in stocking processes. We have significant strategic flexibility in inventory at this point. We have retained our range for net capital spending in 2023 of $210 million to $230 million, reflecting higher spending on hub investments, fleet equipment and IT equipment. At the same time, we have deferred certain projects related to slowing demand that suggest our capital spending will be at the low end of the range. The second quarter of 2023 was obviously challenging. We expect to have better cost comparisons and to more tightly control those costs that we can affect in the second half of 2023. Obviously, we have little control over end market demand. Whatever direction that takes over the next 6 months will influence our profitability. However, these shorter-term issues shouldn't cloud the structural improvements to our business. The second quarter saw record labor productivity they create some significant strategic flexibility in our inventory and further improvement in our return on capital, as reflected on Page 9 of the investor presentation. We believe we are positioned to strongly outgrow the market, particularly as the industrial cycle stabilizes and improves. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: Dan, Holden, I hope you guys are having a great summer. So I have a clarification and then one question. Clarification, Holden, when you're on Slide 5 and you're talking about price contribution, you said this will continue in the second half of '23. And I'm wondering what you're referring to there, first. And then second, the question, I'm hoping you can update us on KPIs relative to your CFCs [ph] and the Focus 5 initiatives.
Holden Lewis: Sure. The clarification is we continue to expect moderation in the overall contribution from price in the back half, really just a continuation of what we've been seeing over the past few quarters. Does that help?
David Manthey: Yes.
Holden Lewis: Okay. Then -- yes, if you -- the CFC continues to experience very strong growth. I believe in the second quarter, if you think about the books of business that our CFC or hunter program has, the growth in those books in the current quarter relative to what those books did the prior year, it's actually up north of 50%. So, we continue to see good success in particular with the CFC program. And I don't have specific numbers on the target 5 for you, Dave. CFCs to some extent, have their own target. So I think you can get a sense of how that growth is occurring. But the -- yes. I don't have specific on target 5. The CFCs continue to grow well in excess of our business. And I think the CFCs are a manifestation of the same key account approach that the target 5s are feed into as well.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Dan and Holden, the trend data that you share so generously, can you -- again, I get that you have limited forward visibility but do you think you're hitting bottom?
Holden Lewis: I guess I'll just reinforce, we have very little visibility to what the market is going to hold. Here's what I'll say. I've always respected the PMI as an indicator of future activity levels. I tend to think it has a forward look of 3 to 5 months. I think we all know that the PMI in June hit 46 which is not a meaningful new low but a new low nonetheless. And I think the message that we gave to our people internally was that, that would seem to suggest that the back half of this year is going to remain soft. So I don't have an indicator internally that would give you any real insight into what's going to happen in August, September, October. But the PMI has always been a good indicator and the PMI remains relatively low and suggesting the back half is going to be weak and that's what we sort of take our cues off of.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then on the digital transformation, one of the things that I think I understand correctly, as you tend to gain a greater percentage of wallet of the individual customer over the life cycle of that penetration, how do you -- how would you characterize where you are in that journey and how that's influencing some of the share gain.
Dan Florness: I think -- so if you think about it at the digital foot -- well, I'll talk about the FMI component of the digital footprint. It's about 40% of our business. And internally, the number we've always talked about is we think we can get that to about 65%. A good chunk of that is converting existing customers to the new platforms and it allows us to share insights with our customers in ways that historically you couldn't. It brings efficiency to the business. And the efficiency isn't just for efficiency's sake which is nice. It's the free up time to engage in the marketplace. And so ultimately, we see that time freed up as a means to grow the business faster because you can engage more. The other piece is, it's a separator in the marketplace. There is -- we have a customer event each spring where we bring in thousands of customers and meet -- they meet with suppliers, engage with different tools of the business. And the -- we are winning business because of the capabilities. When I said in a customer discussion last summer and our national account person was speaking to the purchasing team from a bunch of locations within a conglomerate and they were explaining how the -- how our RFID program worked. And that's essentially a compound system with an embedded RFID chip. So in that bin is empty, instead of somebody having to walk around and check things and find stuff and see what needs to be replenished, that bin is placed on the top shelf. The top shelf has a simple RFID reader. It sees bin 14 is empty, oh, okay, I'm hungry, I need to be fed. And that's how replenishment works. And her response when she learned about it, she looked at a person across the room and said, "You remember the issue" and she talked about 4 different manufacturing plants where they struggled. She said, "This thing is ample [ph]", asked a few clarifying questions. And she look to the person said, this is unbelievable. This would solve all of our problems. And that's a light bulb that pops off a lot when people realize what this is. I was visiting an employee down in Illinois 2 weeks ago, employees celebrating 40 years, I drove down to spend the day with them and thank them for 40 years of service. And he said, "Hey, you want to go visit a customer with me" and I'm like "I'd love to". And he showed me something in his wallet, he pulled out a little as the size of a credit card and I said, "What's that?" and he said, "That's my RFID chip". And he said the customer you're going to, I'm going to show you how we're using it in ways above and beyond just the konbond [ph] system. They're using it for pallet replenishment. So they have a little envelope on the pallet rack and they have little card in there. And it's a little plastic card with RFID chip, they grab that and they throw it in the top bin on the konbond [ph] system and it tells our branch, we need another pallet of this product. Not only is that incredibly efficient for us. The customer loves it. The customer showed it to me. He says, our folks love this because they don't need to write stuff down and then call up Fastenal to bring another one over or wait for you guys when you come more tomorrow to check it and realize you need to bring another one over. We just tell you but it's done in a matter of seconds. That's something a supply chain partner does and we're great at plan spend. And that is winning us business because when other customers come and tour that facility when they're in the RFQ process, they see stuff like that and that's a separator, just like vending is a separator. Sorry, I went a little long there but I think it's helpful to use some examples.
Holden Lewis: And I might add as well that I think that those 2 actually interconnect in the sense that to the extent that it helps to reduce our overall cost of operations than it does, that actually allows us more flexibility in bidding processes and I think makes us more competitive in the marketplace and contributes to our ability to win and gain market share as well. So it really plays -- it plays really strongly in both our ability to leverage as well as our ability to grow.
Dan Florness: In February, I think it was February, I was down in Indiana visiting, speaking to a group of branch managers and visiting with Randy Miller, our most senior Regional Vice President. And they asked me if I want to go up and visit a customer and the customer that took me to was a large Onsite. They've contacted us in the fall of, I believe, it was 2020. I might be wrong on the year but I believe it was 2020. And they need some help and we set up an Onsite in there. And the incumbent had been staffing the Onsite 24 hours a day. And our folks really studied the activity and said, if we put out a handful of -- if we put our product in a handful of lockers in a way that we wouldn't typically do it, we could give you better service and staff 10 hours a day instead of 24 and you'd get better service than you were getting before. And we'd have a better -- it would be easier for us to recruit and we could ramp up faster the business because finding folks to work 24 hours a day is sometimes challenging. Finding folks to work 10 hours a day or a 10-hour window, especially when it's during daylight is less challenging. And again, it was a case of -- that separated us in that instance. And I visited that customer, I had a great visit with them. And they were showing me some of the stuff that we were doing that they just loved about our model.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Chris Dankert with Loop Capital Markets.
Chris Dankert: Holden, you had a kind of mid-teens growth in IT spend and an FMI investment. As we're thinking about kind of SG&A spending and investment going forward, can you kind of give us a sense for how you would trend in the back half of the year as you kind of keep investing for growth here?
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, I mentioned the IT and the FMI spend because those are investments in our business that we're making that are wise investments to make. And I don't necessarily anticipate where we're making investments in those areas that we're going to pull meaningfully back in those areas. The areas we were talking about more had to do with expenses that we had for travel, both sales and non-sales and related type expenses. When we think about how we're using our part timers and the fact that hours among our part timers are up, 12% in June in a marketplace where revenues are up less than 5%, there's just a number of things that we talked about that are variable that we weren't really treating those expense lines as though we're in an environment that's growing at 5%. And the message is we need to get there. Now what was the impact of that? If I think about the -- if I think about the travel, meals, supplies, et cetera, that's about a 10 basis point impact on our business in terms of overall profit impact. If I think about the increase in base pay that comes from higher absolute headcount that comes from higher part-time hours, those sorts of things. That would have been about a 450 basis point impact to margin. Now that was offset by the fact that incentive compensation was down because last year was such a strong year relative to this year. But those are areas that as an organization, we need to tighten up a lot of our behavior and patterns to reflect more of the environment that we're in. And again, I expect that we'll make progress on that in the third quarter.
Dan Florness: Let me add on and I'll put on to that as it relates to IT is when I stepped into this role, back in 2015, one of the first things that I said to the Board and I said to our team is, everybody is going to get lower pay next 12 months because we're going to -- because we're paid off of earnings growth. If you read our proxy, you'll see how our compensation programs work. We're all going to take a pay cut because we are going to increase the investment in IT and I tapped the senior leader who had grown up through our branch network, was a district manager, who was a regional vice president, has led our government sales, our vending business and his name is [indiscernible]. I tapped him and I said, John, I know you know nothing about IT other than you show me apps you download on your Android device. But you're a great leader of people. We have great folks in our IT group. I don't think they're connected well enough to the business and I think we're underinvesting and we increased our spend on IT by 50 basis points in 2016 and we've held that number in there ever since. And I told them we will not sacrifice our investments in the short term. If it's longer term, we have to be pragmatic. But last year, we added 50 people into our Bangalore tech center. In January, we added another 100 people. We're not there yet but I suspect at some point in time, we'll have more people in our India technology group than we do in our 4 U.S. -- 3 U.S. technology groups and that's partly about availability of recruiting because we have great folks here. We can't add them fast enough. But we will continue to make those investments. And because we made those investments today, we have a digital footprint. This 55.3% of sales and the productivity gains over the last 3 years would not have happened without it. I think it's a wise investment and we'll continue that.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: I had a couple of questions on margins. So first off, on gross margin. How should we think about the rest of the year. Is normal seasonality, the right framework for 3Q and 4Q?
Holden Lewis: I think in the first quarter, we sort of talked about normal seasonality would apply but at a bit more of a muted rate and I think that's still appropriate. I mean, second quarter was down about 20 basis points from first quarter. I typically think of it being down 30. 3Q is fairly typically flat with 2Q and I think that's a reasonable ballpark. And 4Q is usually down about 30 basis points from 3Q. And again, maybe to be a little bit more modest than that. I mean I think about the mix question is still an open one, right? Because the reality is, in a weak cycle, your fasteners weaken more and that winds up sort of having a bigger impact on gross margin and mix than you would normally expect. And you saw that this quarter just as you've seen in the past. And so to some extent, Ryan, part of the question is, well, what's going to continue to happen with the cycle and the gap between fasteners, non-fasteners? And such a cyclical question, I can't answer. But if I think about the transportation piece of it. I think that's going to continue to have a sustained beneficial impact for a number of quarters. If I think about sort of the timing elements that the gap stuff that I talked about, I don't think that that impact is as great in Q3 and Q4 is what we saw in Q2. I think we'll still be price mix neutral just as we were this quarter, right? So when I put all that in together, I think the seasonality is reasonable but I would mute it against history for the next couple of quarters. That's my expectation. And like I said, the wildcard really in my mind is what happens in the cyclical element of seasonality related to fasteners.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, makes sense. Super helpful. And then on OpEx, Holden, you mentioned you're going to tighten that up a bit and then you're also going to invest in IT for the long term which I agree with. I guess is there any metrics you can provide? Is there a goal for FTE growth in the second half? And I guess, ultimately, what I'm getting at is, can you adjust SG&A fast enough where you can hold operating margins flat year-over-year in the second half? Or is that maybe optimistic?
Holden Lewis: It will depend how aggressive we are. The part of the operating margin is going to be a reflection of the gross margin. So again, I will perhaps comp out a little bit in your question about SG&A and a part of the answer to your question is going to rest in what happens to the cyclical element of mix, right? Step that aside and just focus on the SG&A, I think that the -- we need to reduce the cost in our SG&A relative to Q2 by $2 million, $3 million. And we need to do that through tighter control of headcount, through tighter control of those expenses. And I feel comfortable that we'll be able to do that. I think the organization is already sort of responding to the messages and responding to the natural signal of their growth slowing down. So I do believe that we will have better leverage opportunities in the back half. Again, with the wildcard being what happens to the underlying demand environment and what impact does that have on fastener-related mix?
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Also, kudos to the operator for nailing the authentic pronunciation there. We don't get [indiscernible].
Holden Lewis: I was going to ask. That was pretty close.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes, that was old country right there. I like that. The -- just maybe a higher level question for both of you. Obviously, we've seen a huge wave of inflation supply chain tightness. Now going back the other direction at least with this inflation, I guess what would you identify Dan, as the biggest change you saw as a function of that? And the biggest things that are changing now as those reverse. Could be customer-facing, could be kind of margin profiles with the business, deliberately a broad question but just thinking of how [it is going to be priced]?
Dan Florness: Well, I mean the biggest change that we saw directly in our business from supply chain element was the fact that we had to add a heck of a lot of inventory in those expensive inventory in 2021 and 2022; container costs were sky high. We were doing a lot of things; we were not going to let people down. And fortunately, we have the balance sheet to do that. And we have a shareholder base that appreciates, we're judicious with their capital but they were supportive of the move. And they were confident that when the need for that extra layer of inventory subsided, we figure out a way to harvested out the balance sheet and move forward. That's probably the biggest thing to how it manifests itself, obviously, on our balance sheet and in our cash flow statement. We talked about that earlier. If I think about more broadly, we are seeing changes. And it's one of the reasons I touched on a bit the 2 elements of our business, the plan spend which I believe we've created over time an incredible ability to serve that market. And the unplanned where we're good at it. We're not great at it. And partly because we haven't built the system to support it whether it's technology or supply chain. And we've been busy building that the last several years and I talked about some of those pieces. And we've seen success on what we've built but it's still a relatively small piece of business but we are seeing that trend. If a buyer is working remote 2 or 3 days a week, or covering a bunch of locations, because with technology, you can do a lot of things you couldn't do in the past and you can do it easily. They're buying in a different way. And we need to make sure our systems work for that different way. I hope that's helpful.
Holden Lewis: And specific on pricing, if you recall during the period of tariffs, we didn't do a great job sort of offsetting all the tariffs and inflation that occurred during that period of time. And the organization kind of buckled down and developed since then, what we call the pricing review tool, PRT and I think what you've seen over the last few years in a period first of fairly significant inflation and now a period of perhaps modest deflation is I think you've seen that tool and our organization's ability to utilize it, result in a much better outcome. We -- there's the occasional blitz here and there. We didn't quite get all the inflation on fasteners. So that's come back. In fourth quarter, I think we got a little bit behind on a certain area. But for the most part, we've been able to be price cost neutral for the entirety of this period of inflation and deflation. And I think it really is reflective of the organization's ability to deploy technology solutions to problems that we run into every day. The other thing that I would say is, from an inventory standpoint, we talked about how inventories dropped a lot because of the -- we're unwinding or sort of harvesting some of the investments. But we peaked from a days on hand standpoint between 185 and 190 days. We're currently sitting between 135 and 140. That's not just because of buying inventory and then harvesting it related to pandemic. That relates to a lot of things the organization did in terms of how it views branch inventory strategically in terms of what's in our hub versus where should inventory be, improving the velocity. And I think the fact that we're able to improve the overall performance of our assets, even in an environment where we're getting a tremendous amount of pressure because of the needs of the pandemic when it started and as it was fading really reflects the organization's ability to do more than one thing at once. And I think the organization can be proud of itself how it's managed a lot of the things that have come up over the course of the past 4 or 5 years.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. I appreciate it. That's comprehensive. Maybe just a quick follow-up. As you've seen things decelerate and maybe disinflate a little bit, is the competitive landscape change? I know you guys don't really see it maybe some of the way other folks do in the space given your business model but anything you'd comment on competition?
Dan Florness: Yes, I don't think the competitive landscape has changed, if you look at it from a product perspective. And I think one element that's there, too, is while the -- there's more than one element of inflation and there's more than one aspect of cost. There's inflation that we saw in product costs. There's inflation that we saw in transportation, container costs, things like that. Product cost dynamics are different than the container and transportation element. The third element which is really relevant for our customers and for their supply chain is the cost of labor. There is no deflation in labor. I'll guarantee you that. There continues to be inflation in labor. We do have more success in recruiting. We -- but we are not unique. All businesses are seeing inflation in that arena until this day. And part of -- the nice thing about the total cost of ownership approach we take with our customer is we're really able to understand all those cost components and have intelligent conversations with the customers that they're not a motion conversation, the fact and tactic conversations which allows both us and our customers together to make better choices on puts and takes. But there are inflation elements still in the business. There are some deflation elements in the business. Container is coming across the ocean is cheaper today than it was 1.5 years ago or a year ago.
Holden Lewis: And I would say there's also availability elements in the marketplace as well. During 2020, 2021, there weren't a lot of distributors that had availability of product and we benefited from that. As the supply chain is normalized, the marketplace sort of normalize as well. And I think what you see is it's a little bit more competitive in terms of customers being willing to say, "Yes, we're going to test the market a little bit". Again, I don't think that's unique to us. I think it's fairly typical in the market. And I think it's reflective of the degree to which things have frankly normalized at this stage of the game. And it allows us to really talk a lot about exactly what Dan said which is the supply chain solutions and how that differentiates us in the marketplace.
Dan Florness: And Josh, in the interest of full disclosure, I probably would have gotten your last name incorrect.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Can you give us an update on fastener product margins? And I know that associated with those, there's potential for some renegotiation just on pricing that has given some of the volatility around steel and shipping. Any update you could give there would be helpful as well.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I mean product margins, when you break fasteners into OEM versus MRO fasteners, product margins are fairly stable. When I think about price cost in the fastener arena, it's fairly neutral at this point, right? So I mean from a costing and margin standpoint, I think things are fairly as expected. Now I will say, I do believe that we have had circumstances where again, there's contracts that require some adjustment based on end markets where I do believe that we've begun that process. But that is in -- that is really aligned with what we've talked about before as we see our costing improve and we have on imported product that we have certain agreements with certain very large customers that we'll adhere to and I think that you're seeing that happen. So it's largely, I think, as we expected. I don't think they were having any adverse impact on our overall profitability level. And that's probably how I'd characterize it. Does that help?
Tommy Moll: Indeed. I also wanted to talk about supply chain and in the prepared materials this morning, you talked to the reduced inventory is aided by a shorter product ordering cycle for Fastenal. I'm curious, though, with the better supply chain, do you see some of the same for customers? And is there any impact on your daily sales trends from that?
Dan Florness: If you think about what we do for our customer, we're the buffer. If we're supplying product to them. And again, I'm really talking about both sides of our business, whether it be plan spend or unplanned spend. If supply chains are taken 30 days longer, we build that inventory so we get it to them when they need it. So I don't know that there would be a destocking element downstream from us. I'm sure there's examples of it. If there is a destocking element, it's because a customer had built up finished goods because they had a strong backlog. And that backlog has been worked down, their finished goods has been worked on. And as they're in that process, that impacts us because they lower their production. And so it isn't so much because the supply chain change is because downstream, their needs finished goods changed. Where we typically see a supply chain impact the most is when we take on a new customer relationship. It's not uncommon for us stepping into the new customer relationship will though have elements of inventory that we're going to be managing now for them where they have a 6-month, 12-month, 15-month supply, 4-month supply. The extreme examples are usually niche [ph]. But they -- as we illuminate what they have in their inventory and/or how their predecessor supply chain partner was supplying and I'm not throwing in a predecessor under the bus because it could have been there's a bunch of different suppliers supplying this in and there's not a coordinated effort. And so you have months of inventory on something that is ridiculous to have months of a customer a few years ago. First off, it was a part that I thought was fairly unique. I discovered that we had a regular supplier for it. But it was an item where the customer discovered, they had 14 months of inventory and they had no idea. They were appreciative of it and we worked out an arrangement with them to manage it down and they paid us something for helping manage it down but we didn't have product sales for a period of time but we had a lot of other sales. It was an Onsite doing 130,000 a month, it just wasn't doing 160. But then when we burn through it. And that's what a supply chain partner does. But that's not about supply chain time. That's about just an inefficient supply chain. I apologize to whoever was in queue. Holden be available for calls, you want to give him a direct call. I'm going to run to a meeting in a few minutes but we hold these calls to 1 hour and we are at 10:00 central time. Once again, thank you, everybody, for attending our earnings call today. And best of luck in July and the balance of the year. Have a good day, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Fastenal 2023 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, Ill turn the conference over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Taylor, you may now begin.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2023 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 1 hour and will start with a general overview of early results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2023 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Taylor and good morning everybody and welcome to the first quarter Fastenal earnings conference call. This call is a little different for Holden and I today because we are at the site of our customer expo that just finished up yesterday and really pleased with the event, a lot of great customer engagement. One thing nice about the event this year is some of the natural things that were occurring, obviously, 2 and 3 years ago we didnt have an event because of COVID. Last year, we had an event, but we had to limit the attendance and also because of international travel, we had to limit the attendance. This year, we didnt have those restrictions, so we had a great event. And there were four areas of focus to the theme of the event this year. One was continuing to accelerate our customers digital transformation to give them better visibility to what is happening inside their four walls, inside their facilities. The second one was really securing their supply chain. The world has seen a lot of change and a lot of impacts to supply chains over the last several years and really allowing our customers the opportunity to think about their supply chains continually in a more strategic way as we move forward. The third was powering productivity, a lot of this is digital transformation, understanding the elements of your supply chain, its also about bringing productivity to your  whether its your production floor or some element of your operation, we provide the tools to do that. And then the fourth piece was understanding our customers goals and sharing with them ways that we can serve their goals when it comes to their journey in ESG. And I think those four points resonated well throughout the event. Now moving on to the quarter. So first quarter, we had earnings per share of $0.52, an increase of 10.5% over last year. The team had really strong expense management during the quarter and pleased with the incremental margin we were able to produce despite the fact as you saw in our monthly numbers, the March daily sales came in a bit softer. We are in now our fifth month of ISM below 50 and it had ticked down in March. And we are seeing that in our business, particularly in the fastener side, the OEM piece of the business. And  but despite that, really impressed with our teams ability to manage through it. As is  as we have talked about in prior years, we have done a really nice job of managing pieces of our business if we compare to pre-COVID and post-COVID. And I am sorry for that beeping in the background. My laptop is here and  but if you look at operating cost, as a percentage of sales, in the first quarter of 2019, operating costs were 27.8% of sales. In the first quarter of 2023, they were 24.6%. And its really about all the changes we have made to the organization, a) our average branch is larger today the ones back in 2019. More of our business is coming from onsite. We have done a nice job of digitizing our business to bring efficiencies to it and you see that shining through. The other piece is as we understand better our engagement with our customer and their needs and as supply chains have improved globally, we have also been able to not only lower our days on hand of inventory from what we were seeing 1 year ago as we, and 6 months ago, as we deepened our inventory, but where our business was pre-pandemic. So we have taken about 3 weeks worth of inventory out of the network over that entire timeframe and really impressed with our teams ability to do that. Finally, if you manage your business well, manage your expenses well, managing your working capital well, its a distribution business, you see that show up in your cash flow. So our operating cash flow was $389 million, which was 132% of earnings and was 70% higher than a year ago and so about $160 million of additional operating cash that we generated in the quarter. Our CapEx, net CapEx, is very similar in both periods. So a very strong free cash flow, which puts us in a position to invest in the business or return to our shareholders. And we continued that pattern and we will be able to pay out a nice dividend in the first quarter. And then last night, we just announced the second quarter dividend and  of about $200 million a quarter, we are paying out right now in dividends. Moving to Page 4 of the flip book. So Onsite, we signed 89 in the quarter. Active sites finished at 1,674, so about a 16% increase from first quarter last year. If you ignore the transferred sales that come from the branch when you open an Onsite, our Onsite business grew about 20% Q1 to Q1, so strong performance. We remain steadfast in our intention to sign 375 to 400 Onsites this year. Number was a little bit weaker in the first quarter, and most of that we saw in March. And  but when I think of the engagement going on at the event here the last several days, I feel good about where we are going to be in the next 6 months. If I look at FMI technology, an incredibly strong performance by the team this quarter. We have talked in the past about this idea of we build infrastructure to support 100 signings per day. And during COVID, our numbers dropped from the upper 70s, low 80s neighborhood as we built up towards that ability to sign 100 a day, we dropped down in the 60s. And its slowly  start our way back. Last year, in the first quarter, we signed 83 a day. This year, in the first quarter, we signed 92 per day. In the month of March, we signed 99 per day. So, really strong performance by the team and you can see that continuing to expand in our platform. Our FMI for the quarter was 39.4%. In the month of March, we broke 40 for the first time ever. And really pleased and we feel good about our goal of signing between 23,000 and 25,000 for the year. As we have seen in prior quarters, we continue to see really strong growth in e-commerce, recall that last fall that broke 20% of revenue for the first time. I believe this quarter we are at about 22%. And then finally, if you roll all those pieces together, our digital footprint came in at 54% of sales versus 47% a year ago. And in the month of March, excuse me, we hit 55%. And our goal is to drive that to 65% later in the year. Time will tell if we are able to accomplish that with a long-term goal of  we believe that number is about 85% of our business is going through some type of digital footprint. With that, I will turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. Before diving into the details of the quarter on Slide 5, I wanted to build a little bit on Dans earlier comments in his prepared remarks to offer a little bit of perspective on the overall state of our business. If you recall, simultaneous with the onset of the pandemic in 2020, Fastenal accelerated its technology deployment and shifted the structure and priorities of our sales effort. Those actions are adversely affecting short-term sales, though we continue to grow our Onsite and FMI basis as well as our digital footprint penetration and we continue to achieve historical levels of market outgrowth. This also adds an incremental annual mix-related gross margin pressure. However, those changes need to be weighed against the benefits of the rest of our business. Relative to the pre-pandemic business, we have begun to generate meaningful labor productivity and reduced the cost footprint of our facilities. As a result, the incremental margin from the first quarter of 2019 to the first quarter of 2023 of 24% is appreciably greater than what we saw from the first quarter of 15 to the first quarter of 19 of 16.2%, and we have improved our capacity for leverage over time. At the same time, from the first quarter of 19 to the first quarter of 23, our inventory days have declined from 175 to 154 days despite inflation and supply chain disruption and our receivables days have fallen from 56 to 55 days despite growth in our national accounts mix. The Blue Team has sharpened our differentiation in the marketplace while sustainably improving the leverageability of our cost structure and lowering our asset intensity. We are a stronger, more productive business today than we were prior to the pandemic and that is very clear in these first quarter 2023 results. So lets jump into those. Daily sales increased 9.1% in the first quarter of 2023. February storms had a modest 20 to 40 basis point negative impact, while currency was a 70 basis point drag. There are several other items affecting sales. First, pricing continues to moderate. It contributed 290 to 320 basis points to growth in the period, down approximately 290 basis points from the first quarter of 2022 and down approximately 60 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2022. This trend is not a surprise and will likely continue through 2023. Second, we continue to see weakness in several major retailer customers, our international business and our construction and reseller businesses. These dynamics are unchanged since the third quarter of 2022. Our retailer customers have tightened their belts with respect to facilities and labor, which also affected our non-North American business, along with a strong dollar in geopolitical events. Softer construction reflects the conscious decision we made to position our branches to focus on larger key accounts, which is contributing to better labor leverage. Third, manufacturing and large accounts continue to perform strongly, reflecting investments in Onsite and changes to our branch structure and sales roles. Even so, we did see a downshift in broader market activity in March as represented by slower DSR growth of 6.8%, including just 2.3% daily growth in fasteners. Now 1 month does not make a trend. Its too early to have a good read on April and we dont have a lot of forward visibility. We do continue to anticipate that we will outgrow our marketplace, which frankly isnt growing right now. However, the quarter did finish on a softer note. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the first quarter of 2023 was 20.2%, up from 20% in the prior year. The incremental margin  incremental operating margin was 22.7%. Gross margin was 45.7%, down 80 basis points from the prior year. This decline is entirely due to product and customer mix as we experienced widening sales growth outperformance of non-fasteners or fasteners and Onsites over non-Onsites. Price/cost was still negative year-over-year, but narrowed meaningfully versus the fourth quarter. The remaining gap is largely in our other products category, where pricing actions in the first quarter of 2023 only went into place in February while in fasteners lower costing eliminated the negative price/cost we experienced in the second half of 2022. GAAP expenses were higher with inbound shipments declining as we adjusted our stocking to reflect a smoother supply chain. And then on the other side of the ledger, contribution to margin from freight was better than anticipated. We saw annual and sequential declines in both container costs and containers purchased on the import side and record freight revenues allowed for good leverage of our captive fleet expenses. These dynamics are likely to persist for the next couple of quarters. On the operating expense side, we generated 20 basis points of leverage from occupancy costs as branch closings over the past 12 months produced a slightly lower facility expense. We generated 80 basis points of leverage from payroll expenses. Total incentive pay for the company in the first quarter of 2023 was the second highest on record for our first quarter. However, with pre-tax growth in the first quarter of 2023 being roughly one-third of the pre-tax growth in the first quarter of 2022, total incentive pay for the company was down high single-digits. Other operating expenses benefited from lower bad debt costs, lower selling-related transportation costs and higher profits from asset sales, which was largely offset by higher costs for IT, general insurance and sales-related travel. Putting it altogether, we reported first quarter 2023 EPS of $0.52, up over 10% from $0.47 in the first quarter of 2022. Now turning to Slide 7. We generated $389 million in operating cash in the first quarter of 2023 or approximately 132% of net income in the period. I will provide a bit more color in a moment, but this improvement in our conversion rate reflects working capital swinging from a significant use of cash in the first quarter of 2022 to a source of cash in the first quarter of 2023. This strong cash flow allowed us to reduce debt in the period, putting net debt at 10.9% in the first quarter of 2023, up slightly from 10.4% in the first quarter of 2022, but down from 14.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 7.3% on higher customer demand and an increase in the mix of larger key account customers, which tend to have longer terms. And this was partly offset by an improvement in receivables quality. Inventories rose 3.2%. Inflation was not a material contributor to inflation growth in the period. Further, as indicated earlier, normalization of global supply chains is allowing us to unwind the layer of inventory that we intentionally built up in late 2021 and early 2022 to manage what had been significant product bottlenecks. We believe the process of rightsizing inventory will continue through 2023 with additional releases of cash as the year progresses. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2023 was approximately $31 million. Our range for net capital spending in 2023 remains $210 million to $230 million and our first quarter spending being behind that pace reflects timing of expenditures. Over the course of 2023, we expect higher spending on hub investments, fleet equipment and IT equipment. With that, operator, we will turn it over to you for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: I guess, first off, thinking about your conversations with RVPs right now, how do they feel about adding FTEs or kind of management there? Just how are we thinking about labor management today and growth kind of going forward?
Dan Florness: We have talked about labor management with the RVPs really coming into this year. And the premise was when you look at where the PMI is, when you look at the trend in industrial production, we needed to be looking forward and really have a plan to be cautious about hiring. Now in January and February, I will tell you that demand grew pretty healthy and I think that we added people sort of related to that. In March, obviously, we called out the demand softened a little bit. I would also point out that our hiring adds softened a little bit in March as well. We have always talked about how we can react fairly quickly to changes that we are seeing. And so the message to the field has been, you have to be prepared to adjust for a down shift in demand. And again, thats not a message we just conveyed. We entered the year having that same conversation. And I think that they have been really responding by adding resources where they need to add it by adding the right resources. We continue to see the mix of part-timers growing in the overall piece of our business, right, where we have added full-timers, a significant portion of those are made in India, right. So I think that the organization is focused on the right metrics to understand what they need to be doing from a labor standpoint. I think they are executing on that. And I was encouraged that as demand slowed down in March, so did the sort of the hiring adds. So I think we are doing the right things.
Chris Dankert: Thats great color. Thank you so much on that. And then again, just thinking about the CSP growth seems to be lagging a bit more relative to the rest of the business here. Does that change any of the calculus around the pace of closures there or kind of how you are positioning the business from a channel approach perspective?
Holden Lewis: By CSP growth, what are you referring to?
Chris Dankert: Just the non-national accounts piece of the business, obviously under growing national accounts and Onsite, I guess my assumption is most of that is the more traditional branches, correct?
Holden Lewis: So remember that our traditional branches are  they support not only the local business is what you are referring to, but they do support the national accounts business as well. But yes, I think youre referring to the non-national accounts sector on our release. So thank you for that clarification. The  when you think about whats happening in sort of the construction, the reseller, traditionally, there has been a lot of smaller customers there, right? I mean what confused me is when you talked about CSP, right, CSP was our old stocking model that we began to unwind a few years ago. That CSP was intended to draw in that smaller local construction customer, provide them a high degree of service in the local market and things of that nature. And our priorities in the branch have shifted a little bit, trying to move that customer online and creating a sort of time to focus on some of those larger customers in the market. And I cant say that Im surprised by what were seeing. I think that the relative weakness you see in construction relative to manufacturing, which, again, is part of what were trying to achieve, I think that, that is really thats really related to the difference youre seeing in the national accounts versus the non-national accounts growth as well. So I think those things are all related. Does that get to your question?
Chris Dankert: That does. That makes ton of sense there. Thanks so much for the detail there. Ill leave it there. And best of luck on the quarter, guys.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Thanks, guys. Can I just pull on that thread slightly one more time, Holden. How long do you think that transition takes in the construction-type business where you sort of move away from some of these smaller customers? I assume thats a process that lasts a year or two, I dont know. How long do you think that goes on?
Holden Lewis: I dont love the phrase move away from those type of customers. The truth is were trying to service them through a different model, but setting aside the semantic. I suspect just looking at how that cadence has played out in the preceding, call it, 15 months, I suspect that we will probably have some softness in that area. That transition period will probably last the bulk of this year. I think as we get into Q4 and into next year, I think you begin to sort of lap those comps. And I think were probably in a position where it doesnt represent the drag on our business than it does today. So I think you are right to look at it as a transition because I think thats what it is. And once we lap that transition, I think the growth that youre seeing today in those manufacturing customers and those large customers, thats going to really begin to shine as we sort of work through that transition over the next two or three quarters.
Dan Florness: Also, if you think of the chart weve shared in January of each of the last several years, we talk about branch consolidations were near the end of that process. So if you think about  if you think just about our customer segments, so the customer where were highly engaged from a Digital Footprint perspective, we are their supply chain partner. Those customers rarely, if ever, come into one of our facilities. They probably dont know were located. And so if youre in a market and you consolidate a few locations, you are actually moving further away from this other segment of customer. And so if you look at where we get to that ultimate branch count, were probably a year away of being at that point. And that ties right into Holdens comment as well.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And so looping that back to Chris comment earlier, pardon the pun, I failed to mention that. I mean thats another reason why those smaller customers have been relatively weaker as well because a lot of times when you go to that branch consolidation, Dan indicated, thats the customer that no longer is visiting that location that would have otherwise been there. So thats an element of that as well.
Steve Volkmann: Right. Got it. Yes. Apologies for the semantics, I was struggling for something better unsuccessfully. But can I switch slightly. When you talk about some of the deceleration that youre seeing, its kind of an interesting dynamic. Do you have visibility? Do you think your customers are destocking because the supply chains are now better and so that might be part of what were seeing? Or do you think its actual sort of end market slowdown? And the other overlay thats interesting is that you would think that production rates would actually kind of go up at your customers as supply chains normalize rather than down. So Im just curious if you have any visibility into any of that, and then Ill pass it on.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So the feedback from the regionals was really touched on both things that you brought up, Steve. One is they did talk about how as supply chains normalize, youre seeing suppliers of product begin to shave back their production simply because their customers can now  they may have tried to hold extra product, and now they can sort of sort of back that up a little bit. So there is an element of adjusting to the supply chain. But I also did get a number of comments from regionals that they are also seeing our customers just tightened their wallets a bit, both in terms of capital spending as well as operating expenses. And so I think there is a little bit of both of those things, those dynamics playing out.
Dan Florness: The other piece Ill  from an insight perspective, if you think about our business from a product line and product use perspective, if I go back to January, so OEM fasteners is 20%, 22% of our revenue, kind of low 20s. That business was growing around 13.5% in January. In March, it grew 7%. So that is production dropping off. If I contrast that with safety, for example, our safety business grew stronger in March than it did in January. Now I honestly havent given that [Indiscernible] the last few days. I dont know if there was a comp issue because some of the safety was being pushed around a little bit because of some COVID activity. But thats a case of that business has been  it fell off a little bit in February. That, I know, was a comp issue with last year. But I dont believe January and March had a comp issue. I think that ties a bit into the strength were seeing in our pending deployment. If I look at remaining products, that did also fall off a little bit, and therell be some production in those as well, particularly in the metalworking.
Steve Volkmann: Got it. Thats great color. Thank you, guys.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your questions. 
Dan Florness: Dave, if youre talking, unmute.
Operator: And moving on, our next question is from the line of Ken Newman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Hey, Ken. Good morning.
Ken Newman: Holden, Im curious if you could just talk a little bit more on the fastener sales trends in March. Obviously, a bigger sequential slowdown here and the comp for April looks pretty similar. I guess, two minor questions here. One, I guess, should we assume that the fastener volumes were negative in the month? And two, how do we think about the net margin impact of that part of the portfolio since I think its typically accretive to mix, but you also called out lower shipping container costs?
Holden Lewis: Yes. With regards to sort of the volume side versus the price side, the  Im trying to think.
Dan Florness: By line, it was slightly negative.
Holden Lewis: It would be. It would be. So I think that thats an element. And again, its our most cyclical line. Dan referenced sort of the commentary about the OEM fasteners in particular. I mean today, OEM fasteners represent about 62% of our fastener business. And so when you get a slowdown of some sort in a period, its going to affect the volumes in the fastener side of the business. Now youre right, it tends to be a higher margin line. And so to the degree that fasteners grow slower than the rest, that does have an adverse mix impact. I think thats always been the case, cycle to cycle. Its something we talk a lot about, about sort of mix impact.
Dan Florness: When the falloff is in the OEM fastener component of the fasteners, the mix impact is different than if its in the MRO piece. Could be the OEM fasteners do not have a higher gross margin than our overall company gross margin. The MRO fasteners do.
Ken Newman: Thats helpful color. Got it. And then I guess for my follow-up here, Im curious if you  I mean, last quarter, you talked maybe the need to renegotiate pricing with some of your big vendors because of steel prices as well as transportation costs. Youve obviously  you talked a little bit about transportation easing a bit, but I think the prices have also kind of stayed in here in recent months. Im curious if you have any update on the color for price/cost negotiations on higher steel material?
Dan Florness: We are acutely aware of steel pricing and shipping costs. And thats our covenant with our customer. Were going to find the best quality, best price, best reliability supply chain for their business. There are always robust conversations going on. But we also operate in a very dynamic marketplace. So weve been seeing fastener prices stabilize for a number of months now. Were seeing that come through in our cost of goods. And that also helps our gross margin in the short-term because were seeing  we were getting squeezed a little bit 6 and 9 months ago. A little bit of that squeezing is lessening right now, and youre seeing that in through in our numbers as well.
Holden Lewis: And I think those conversations  I think weve always talked about how our objective was to talk to those customers that have the timing of our costing and we understood, as Dan said, we have a covenant to sort of adjust as appropriate. And I think our customers have been great working with us to understand when our products to be coming through at a lower cost, etcetera. And so weve always felt that as you get to that second quarter. Therell probably be more activity around that and adjustments to be made. I still think that thats probably the case that those are sort of second quarter, third quarter type activities. But again, what you should be getting a sense of is were trying to time any decline that we may have to have in pricing to our customers with the declines that we see in costing. And so I certainly understand the concern. But again, we  I think weve done a good job sort of matching price and cost. I think that the team has done a great job on this side of the cycle as well. And the objective is to be price/cost neutral.
Ken Newman: Understood. Thanks for the time.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, Dan, Holden.
Dan Florness: Hey, David.
David Manthey: Yes. In relation to that  to the prior answer, thats exactly what I wanted to have you discuss, just the general pricing methodology of how youre trying to match your customer pricing relative to the actual COGS in your supply chain versus front-running any price increase or I guess, lagging a price decline. And you addressed it to a large extent, but I just want to be clear on that. Your container prices are down, steel prices are up a little bit and you are saying that fastener prices are mostly stable today. So youre not anticipating any major changes as we look at 2023 as we sit here today?
Holden Lewis: As we sit here today, I would say no. Were not. Again, we  that we might need to adjust pricing is not a surprise. We know where that would have to happen to actual. Again, we have pretty good visibility in our costing. And so we really do try to align those two things. And so as you know, we really didnt have a point through the period of inflation where our pricing was ahead of our costing, and that was deliberate. As you got towards the flip side of that cycle, we actually got a little bit behind from a price/cost standpoint just because as much pricing as we put through to respond to the marketplace, it just wasnt quite enough given how dramatic the sort of the cost side was. And all we are seeing  so as we talked about two quarters ago, we started talking about two quarters ago, we wound up having negative price cost on the fastener side. And we anticipate at the time that costing would catch up to our pricing, and thats largely where we got to this quarter. But going forward, the idea is to  and this is a conversation weve been very explicitly having with customers. There will be cases where we have to reduce the price based on the variables you talked about, but we should be able to largely track that with our costing.
Dan Florness: If you break our business into three components, Dave, to Holdens point, on the fastener side, I think weve done a really nice job managing through it. Part of the lumpiness to it, it was some of the changes were pretty extreme. If I look at safety, we have great visibility to demand. Over half of that business is going through a vending device. So you really understand that business, and weve been able to manage through that quite well. We did adjust some pricing here in the  as Holden touched on, during the quarter on our remaining product lines because there, we probably werent  we were putting so much attention on the half of our business thats fasteners and safety, and we were probably not as focused on the other half of the business as we should have been and we did some corrections there. So we did raise some prices on the non-fastener, non-safety piece during the quarter.
David Manthey: Thanks, guys. My dog and I appreciate the answer.
Dan Florness: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I know the freight is quite small portion of revenues, but you called out the growth of 14% or so, obviously, very good margin. So just wondering, given where LTL tonnage is trending right now, how  what did you do to kind of get that kind of growth rate? And it sounds like you can just to continue going forward. So just wondering whats driving that kind of growth?
Dan Florness: I think sometimes you can be guilty of over time of  you focus on  there is enough energy in the room to focus on a handful of things. And sometimes things fall off that focus. I would say if anything, we were probably a little bit guilty of that in recent years on the freight side of the equation. And part of that, Ill attribute it to me from the standpoint of what are the things you talk about, what are the things you push focus on. And when things get really chaotic, sometimes you have to pivot and say, hey, folks, we need to put some energy into this because this is a problem that we need to fix. And so its more of a case of Id say were probably reverting to some of the freight pricing habits that we had 3 and 4 years ago that were maybe a little bit waning in the last several years. And COVID and all the other distractions of life came into play. The other element to it is while we lost some focus on our ability to charge for freight, we have really good at using our own trucks from moving freight. So we have those two dynamics going on. Were probably back to where we should be on what were charging out and weve improved on how much goes through our own network, and thats a nice one-two punch.
Holden Lewis: And I think there is  I mean there is a number of things factoring in today, some of which are long-term sustainable and some of which are sort of in the here and now. But weve alluded a couple of times to an increase in plant spend. As more plant spend becomes a bigger portion of our business, it becomes easier for us to plan our own logistics, right? And so we have seen our third-party freight go down, in part because of that trend. I think thats going to continue. We did or at least are in the process of executing some route consolidation and some rescheduling of routes, which I think will bring some efficiencies into the business, its not just the ongoing continuous improvement of the business that I think will be sustainable. What you are referring to though is important, because as our revenues have gone up and as we focus there, the cost structure of our semis fleet is fairly stable and so as revenues go up, we actually leveraged that fairly well. The other piece in this quarter that occurred though is, one, container costs are down a lot. And that was a benefit. I think down something like 75% year-over-year. So that was a benefit. I would also point out that our container flow is down a lot this quarter because of the things were doing to sort of unwind some inventory. And so our container flow in the first quarter was also down 50%. Now I think those latter two issues, they are not necessarily long-term issues, thats adjusting to sort of things that appeared in the last couple of years. I do think that theyll last for the next couple of quarters. But things like the plant spend, lower third-party, freight route consolidation, those sorts of things, I think those are going to continue to improve the business. The big variable will be demand right, because our freight revenues arent different than our other revenues. If activity levels begin to drop, then freight revenue dollars may come in and then that stable cost base could work against you. And so I execution standpoint, there is some great things going on with freight in the organization.
Nigel Coe: Yes. No, thats great. Thanks, guys. And then just a quick one, we talked about the March sales now at some length. But you called out weather impact in February. You didnt call out anything in March, but some companies are blaming weather in March. So Im just wondering were there any weather impacts that could maybe explain some of the weakness you saw towards the back end of the month?
Holden Lewis: No. Weve tried to raise our threshold of pain that we bought at a mentioned. Can I find you an RVP that think there was some weather in January? Sure. Can I find just someone that thinks there was some in March? Yes. It doesnt rise to a threshold thats worth discussing. That wasnt true in February.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thats great. Thanks, guys.
Dan Florness: Nigel, for what its worth, as Holden was answering that first question, I did take a quick look. Our freight as a percentage of sales that we charged out in the first quarter of 2022 was identical to what it was in the first quarter of 2019. In the last 2 years, it had dropped off about 30 basis points.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pat Baumann with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Pat Baumann: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Hi Pat.
Pat Baumann: Hi. How are you doing? Just a quick one on pricing first, I think there was a wide range on expectations, at least as I understood it for your pricing coming into this year. Maybe you were thinking it could be down 1 point or 2 points or up 1 point or 2 points, depending on how things played out. I guess I am just curious, after the first quarter, and your actions in February and what you just said on kind of fasteners with regard to the input cost on that, what your expectations are now for this year on pricing? And then as a corollary to that, just thinking about your February pricing actions in the non-fastener, non-safety portion of sales, do you think that had anything to do with kind of the volume slowdown you saw there for the month of March?
Dan Florness: I will touch on the last part of your question, then I will let Holden handle the meat of it. But on that last part, if you think about what happened and what we are just running through on those OEM fastener numbers, the drop-off from January to February was linked to production business. Our OEM fasteners dropped in half as far as the  relative  from 13.5% to 7% growth. And so that  there was no pricing action there. And if you look at the remaining product lines, the drop-off actually occurred 30 days after. So, I mean, it was really about the production aspect of our business, not so much the other parts of our business.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I would agree with that. The  plus frankly, those price increases went in sort of late in the quarter. And so I am not sure that you would have seen responses like  that you are alluding to in such a tight window. But that said, we are not really expecting that thats going to be adverse to those lines from a gross standpoint. The  yes, so we just  we didnt see that. I wouldnt expect to see that. As it relates to the overall pricing, remember, the wide range I have given is because ultimately, we dont have a great deal of visibility as it relates to how much pricing are we going to have to give away to customers because of contracts and things of that nature, right. And so my comment, I think, was if demand softens and there is a lot of pressure to sort of adjust price based on contracts, etcetera, then maybe our pricing is down a percentage point. If that doesnt occur because it hasnt to this point, maybe its up a percentage point. And that was  thats sort of the wild card from a pricing standpoint that sort of exists out there. Again, unrelated to price/cost, which regardless, we think will be neutral, but thats why there is a wider range. And I think that thats still the case. And we talked a little bit in an earlier question about, I suspect is yet 2Q and 3Q we will be adjusting some pricing. I will say, however, that I have spoken to some people before about how I think pricing comes into that zero to 2% range probably in the lower half of it if nothing changes. But we have made some changes to our pricing in that other products area. And so what I would tell you is if we never had to adjust fastener pricing, I suspect that our pricing this year will be in the upper half of that zero to 2% range. But now the wildcard becomes what do we have to do with fastener pricing, if we give a bunch of that back in 2Q and 3Q, then that upper half of the range comes down. And thats the  we just dont know the order of magnitude of impacted that yet. I hope that wasnt confusing.
Pat Baumann: No, thats helpful color. Maybe my follow-up would be around gross margin then for this year. I think you were expecting maybe 50 basis points to 100 basis points of contraction when we talked in January. It sounds like maybe pricing could be tracking a bit better. Price/cost may be neutral, I dont know. And the freight commentary was also  sounded better. So, wondering if you are thinking any differently about that framework now.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So again, price/cost, most of the variables that were impacting gross margin didnt surprise us, right. The degree that mix is impacting  again, when you think about how the quarter progressed, that didnt surprise. If I think about the price/cost elements of it, thats playing out largely as we expected when we talked about it last quarter. Really, the only variable that was a surprise was that freight piece. We simply executed very well. And again, I do believe that most of the variables that benefited freight, I believe that those variables are going to be in place in 2Q and 3Q. So, freight may have increased my expectations around gross margin for the full year, but thats really the one variable that played out differently than I expected it to from last year  from last quarters conversations.
Pat Baumann: Okay. Thats helpful. I will squeeze in one more in, I will.
Holden Lewis: Do we have two?
Pat Baumann: Yes. Thats great. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Levinson with Melius Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Jacob Levinson: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Jacob Levinson: I just  I realize its still very early days here, but I am just curious if you have heard anything coming out of the field in terms of the impact of credit stresses on either customers or some of your smaller competitors?
Dan Florness: No. We actually reduced  our bad debt expense was actually a benefit to our margin this quarter. We were just not seeing a significant  we are not seeing anything in our business regarding that.
Jacob Levinson: Okay. That makes sense. And then just quickly the second one, I can see that you are still planning on spending that $200 million-ish capital spending this year despite the fact that the growth has come down a little bit. I mean is that partly just a function of the fact that you havent been able to get some things done over the last few years with all the volatility around COVID, or is it really just a function of the fact that, obviously, 10% growth in the quarter is not exactly a recession?
Dan Florness: Well, hey, thats the piece. The other thing is we are always adding infrastructure for what we need long-term. So, if you think about whats going on right now, we are expanding our distribution facility in Denton, Texas and on the other side of the Fort Worth area. We are building a distribution facility in the Salt Lake market. And so we are adding capacity because we have all grown the capacity we have. If you think about our FMI, thats quite strong right now, and thats the capital item that we are adding. And then the last piece would be, if I think of where we have probably struggled the most in recent years to add would be on the vehicles side because stuff just wasnt available. You couldnt get  we couldnt get our Dodge RAM pickups in the way we wanted to. We couldnt get our semis the way we wanted to. That is loosening up now and so some of the CapEx is going into the transportation side. Recently, I was visiting one of our onsite locations. And I am pleased to say that I received a picture here, 1.5 weeks ago, a bunch of Fastenal trailers being produced that are coming down the production line. And so those kinds of things, we are able to get better today than we could have 6 months and 12 months ago.
Jacob Levinson: That makes sense. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please proceed with your questions.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Good morning Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start off on OpEx. If I am doing my math right, in the first quarter, employee-related expenses grew at less than half the rate of sales, which is great to see. I suspect you may walk us back from assuming that recurs here in the second quarter or the rest of the year. So, to the extent you can frame what you would anticipate for the second quarter, that would be helpful, and just any qualitative commentary for the year would be as well. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I dont know that I am necessarily going to walk you back. I think its important to understand the source, right. I mean the reason why we were able to leverage the way we did was because we are just not growing as quickly this year as we grew last year. And so again, I wanted to emphasize that I think we had a healthy payout of incentive pay of the businesses. In this quarter, it wasnt as healthy as last year. And thats not a surprise. But if I think about how the rest of the year plays out, we still have some pretty large numbers that we are going to lap in the second quarter and the third quarter as well. And so I do expect that we will have healthy incentive payouts in the second quarter and third quarter. We will see how the market plays out, but based on sort of how we grew in the most recent quarter, but I do believe that they will be lower than what we experienced last year. And so I think that we are going to have, for most of the year, that element of lower incentive pay year-over-year that helps us in leveraging the sort of the payroll-related expense.
Dan Florness: A good chunk of our incentive comp. And we cover this in pretty good detail, I believe in our proxy. But a good chunk of our incentive comp is tied directly to pre-tax earnings growth. So, if you think what was going on last year, Q1, Q2 and Q3 have meaningful expansion of that incentive growth. Actually, Q2 was the highest of the three, but I believe it was about $0.5 million higher in Q2 versus Q1. So, just nominally higher and then drops off in Q4. So, depending on whats happening with our earnings growth relative to what was happening in the same quarter of the prior year, that gives us a bit of a buffer here in the first quarter and presumably in the second quarter and third quarter, unless the economy surprises us and it turns more positive, and that would be a great problem to have.
Tommy Moll: Thank you. I appreciate the insight and wanted to shift for my second question to a higher level strategic question. The framing you provided on the structural improvements in terms of leverage and asset intensity versus the pre-pandemic base was very helpful. And so there is clearly some progress on both of those initiatives. If you think about 2023, what are some of the key focus areas, the work thats still ahead of you for this year? Are there any that you would draw our attention to that you are really focused on driving through the organization at this point? Thank you.
Dan Florness: Well, if you think of the growth drivers come to mind first. Thats not what your question is. But for me, growth drivers come to mind first of the structural changes we are making as far as customer acquisition both in the standpoint of physically what channel is going through brands versus onsite. And then what tool are we using within the respective channel, FMI, etcetera, to serve at a really high level in a very efficient level, our customer. If I think about things that impact our cash flow, we often talk about our covenant with our customer includes a number of things. One, finding great quality of products, great availability of products, reliability of products and great price. One of those elements, the availability, we had to take a tremendous amount of working capital inventory onto our balance sheet over the last 6 months to 18 months. And as things were chaotic could be late and actually go back several years because we took on a lot of safety products back in 2020, but that piece had been worked through. So, when I think of this year, I envision a very, very strong cash flow year, as we saw in the first quarter because we can take not days, but weeks out of our inventory on hand. We are managing our accounts receivable relationships at a really strong level. Its basically a better CFO today than we did 10 years ago. And things like that help. But you put those things together, we have talked internally about what we call our Drive to 35. And what that is, if you look at our internal financial statements, and these would sign through externally, two of the three would, we look at our accounts receivable business unit-by-business unit. We look at fully loaded inventory, thats local inventory as well as the allocation of distribution inventory. Then we look at our local vehicles. We look at those three assets, and we say an optimal place for us in $175,000 a month branch, a $200,000 a month branch is all 35%, that number, 35% of the annual sales. And we havent been able to drive towards that in the last few years because of COVID, because of inflation, because of supply chain disruption. We are going to continue moving in down towards that path. I dont know if Holden believes we can get to 35. He is probably a 37 guy, but I believe we can get to 35. If international allows us to make Holden more right or me more right, and its  if we are growing really well, I am cool with the either number. But what puts us in a position to really rationalize the inventory because when you are  conceptually, when you are pulling inventory through the supply chain network, and you have great visibility of, 65% of our revenue is in this FMI footprint. We have great visibility to need. And you can manage that setting aside the disruptions like you saw last year with, hey, its taken an extra 30 days to get it through across the oceans and the ports and you needed to allow for that. Setting that kind of stuff aside, its an inherently more efficient model and  both from a working capital standpoint and from a human capital standpoint. And you have seen that shine through in both our cash pool this quarter. You are seeing it shine through in our operating expenses, particularly the questions here about components of our people cost.
Holden Lewis: And probably, the only thing I will add to that is, I mean if you talk to our sales EVPs. A lot of the things that you are seeing happened, its us taking advantage of things we have already installed, right. Taking advantage of the changes to sort of the branches, taking advantage of the digital footprint, taking advantage of lift, new role, specialization, all those things. We put those in place, but we havent necessarily maximized the benefit to our business yet. And I think that our sales EVPs believe that we will be more efficient 2 years, 3 years from now than we are today, that there is still plenty of room to run on that. I would say as well, from an inventory standpoint, we are doing a lot of things to improve velocity in our system and things of that nature. But we still have a lot of import inventory that we can work off. When we think about how far in the future we had to think about our purchasing behavior during the pandemic when constraints were there, we probably doubled our window for ordering. Right now, if we went from four months to eight months or probably back down to seven months, there is still more room to go to get closer to where we were pre-pandemic. I dont know that we will get all the way there. Our fulfillment rates are higher. But there is still a lot more room to go. And so again, we have become  our comments about where we are as a business was intended to say we have arrived. It was to make the point that we have progressed down the road nicely, but that road still has room to run.
Tommy Moll: Great. We will look forward to watching the progress. I will turn it back.
Dan Florness: Thanks. I think we have time for one more question. If there is one left. I see its four minutes to the hour, and we look finished properly. Just one more question, we will take it, otherwise we will wrap up.
Operator: Sure. The next questions come from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I guess maybe for the one question. Specifically, we are looking for more color on the back half March softness. It sounds like the month ended softer than it started. Any end markets or product lines that saw a negative rate of change throughout the month? Because the ones you guys kind of called out was retail customers, international construction kind of stuff thats been weak for the last three quarters. So, did those just get weaker, or did you see anything else kind of weaken as the month went on? Thank you.
Dan Florness: We dont have great visibility into specific end markets for the most part. What I would tell you is within the month  within a month. And certainly, within manufacturing, it can be a little bit tricky within that particular bucket. But the  what I will tell you is outside of our Texana [ph] region, which was still fairly positive on overall demand, thats Texas and Louisiana. Very oil and gas oriented, still a really good outlook there. And so I think that market is doing well. Frankly, the vast majority of our other regions all had some variation of things softened in March. And just tell you it was pretty broad through the manufacturing space, not specific to any one market or what have you. I will add a little piece. And this isnt stand. This is an observation. So, I had a lot of discussions with global operations entities, customers of ours or potential customers of ours over the last few days. And there were tremendous intersecting events. It was quite a few people that said, part of the reason we are here is we want to learn what you are doing from a technology standpoint to help our business. And one of the advantages when there is a breather, when there is less noise and less things you are worrying about, all of a sudden, the things you havent done for the last 12 months or 24 months or 36 months because the world kept repeating itself of trying to end the  I think thats positive for our ability to take market share. And even if the business itself, the customer  if you look at our  and we talk about our top 100 customers, if you dial that in a little bit, and you start looking at our top 10, thats what really hurt us is our top 10 customers we are  and contracting from where they were six months ago. And thats economic. But our top, if you look at customers 10 through 50, they were growing. If you look at customers 50 through 100, they were growing nicely because we are picking up market share. And that makes me more enthused. Because long-term, our success is from taking market share every day. The economy is going to do in the short-term what the economy is going to do. We have a healthy business. We generate more cash flow in a year like this. We would rather be deploying the cash flow into the business. But in the year like this, maybe we will return at more to shareholders. But its the case of focusing on the long-term opportunity of the business, and I am as excited as ever. With that, its on the hour. Thanks for your interest in Fastenal today. Everybody, have a great April. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This will conclude todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal 2022 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Taylor Ranta : Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2022 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2023, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and products. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call, and Happy New Year. If you -- some highlights on the quarter. I'm on Page 3 of the flip -- of the flipbook. So, our daily sales grew 10.7% in the quarter, eased a bit from what we've seen in recent quarters, primarily because of tougher comparisons to what we were seeing in the fourth quarter last year, but also some moderating demand. I'm pleased to say that our fourth quarter operating margin remained stable at 19.6% and our ability to generate cash. So, we're looking at our cash conversion, it returned to historic levels. And that's really a sign of moderation and the level of inflation that we're seeing in the marketplace. But also, a more stable supply chain and the ability to not need -- that for a double negative, not need to expand our stocking levels to ensure a reliable supply line for our customers. So, it gives us some flexibility as we go into 2023. We're very pleased to see that. 2022 was a year of milestones and they all centered on $1 billion. So, in October, our e-commerce revenues surpassed $1 billion for the first time ever. Our -- and that's on an annual looking at annual milestone. Our international sales exceeded $1 billion. We hit that milestone in the month of November. And as noted in the release this morning, our company-wide net earnings topped $1 billion for the first time ever and that was for calendar 2022. When I look at that chart on the upper left, it's hard to decide where do you start explaining all the noise you have really over the last three years, as we went through COVID, as we emerged from COVID, as we went through supply chain disruptions and inflationary period. So, I chose to not and just compare to 2019 from the standpoint of what was our cumulative sales growth in each of the quarters of this year, because I think it tells a more stable story and talks about the things that we've built. So, in the first quarter of 2022, we were 28.1% larger than we were in the first quarter of 2019. This expanded to 30% in the second quarter, expanded to about 31% in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter, we're about 35% larger than we were in the fourth quarter of 2019. Now you shouldn't conclude from that, that, geez, that expanded 7 points from Q1 to Q4. Because in all -- in full disclosure, 2019 was weakening a bit as we went through the year. I would see this as ignoring COVID, ignoring supply chain, ignoring inflation, we're 30% bigger than we were three years ago, and I think that's a testament to the business model and to the team executing the model and the marketplace, recognizing Fastenal for what it is, a great supply chain partner to their business. If -- and I'm pleased to say, I think we're exiting the pandemic stronger than we entered. The -- we experienced margin pressure in the fourth quarter, and Holden will touch on that in more detail later in the call. Fasteners were challenging, but we understood what's going on there, and we knew what was coming. The safety, I would say the same thing, it's challenging like anything is challenging, but we knew what to expect there. And I think on these first two buckets of Fasteners and safety, we understood it, and we managed through it quite well. The remaining clients, a lot of those products, aren't as prevalent in the recurring pattern, the planned spend component of our business, whether it be through the vending portion of FMI or the BIN or the FASTStock portion of FMI. And so, it takes different tools and different means to manage that. And we had some challenges there. And again, Holden will touch on a little bit more later in the call. When I look at the final piece and the reason we were able to maintain a stable operating margin, we've done a really nice job with headcount. We did add a few more people in the fourth quarter than I would have liked to have seen. I suspect some of it is after a period of being really difficult hiring and as it eased throughout the year, there are some spots that we needed to fill, that were filled. But when I look at it in totality for the year, we've really done a nice job. And I'll touch on it a few more -- a little bit more in a few minutes, but we've done a nice job in the last three years as well. Flipping to Page 4 of the flipbook, the Onsite, we had 62 signings in the fourth quarter and finished with 1,623 active sites, so up about 15% from a year ago. If you ignore the sales at transfer over when we opened an Onsite, where it's an existing customer, we grew our Onsite-based revenue in the high teens and reiterate our goal for 2023, our intention is to sign 375 to 400 Onsites next year. And I'm pleased to see, for us, we often talk about participation inside the organization. Just over 80% of our district managers signed an Onsite back in 2019, and when society closed up and folks weren't as excited about us moving in to stay with them during the day, our -- that participation dropped dramatically as our Onsites dropped in both 2020 and 2021. I'm pleased to say, in 2022, 80% of our district managers signed at least one Onsite. Now would I prefer to see that go to 85% or 90%? Sure, I would. But 80% is a nice threshold to get above again because we have done it once before, and that was in 2019. So, my congratulations to the team. FMI Technology: we signed 4,730 weighted devices in the fourth quarter, that's 76 per day. A year ago, we were signing 64 per day. And the activity through our FMI Technology platform represented almost 39% of sales in the fourth quarter. That was 35% a year ago and 27% two years ago. For 2023, our goal is to sign between 23,000 and 25,000 MEU devices, whether it be FASTBin or FASTVend. E-commerce, the next piece of our, what we call, digital footprint, daily sales rose 48% in the fourth quarter. Again, incredible traction in that area. We've really seen that traction move in the last three years, partly a function of COVID, and I think a lot of people are seeing those kinds of patterns, but also -- we've gotten better as an organization and our ability to execute on e-commerce, and that's times through the numbers as well. So, EDI and punched out catalogs and really large customer-oriented e-commerce was up 45% and our web sales was up almost 60%. Looking at our digital footprint. So that's looking at FMI plus the piece of e-commerce that doesn't come from FMI was 52.6% of sales in the fourth quarter, and that was 46.5% a year ago. Our goal is 65% of net sales going through our digital footprint next year. In the interest of full disclosure, that's an aggressive goal, but it's our goal nonetheless. If I flip into Page 5, we put this table in the release last January as well. And it's really intended to show over time what's really happening to our network. And that is, as FMI becomes a bigger piece of our business, as our mix of customers changes, as e-commerce becomes a bigger piece, you rationalize your footprint because you need for a footprint change. So you can see in 2013, we peaked out, and I'm going to start at the bottom of this set of bullets and work my way up. So in 2013, looking at our data, we had a 30-minute access to about 95% of the U.S. manufacturing base. And this is just looking at the U.S. branch network because the Canada follows a similar trend as far as what you've seen in the number of branches, whereas the rest of the planet are continuing to open locations because we're quite young there. Looking at the 1,450, which we think is the ultimate number we get to for branch count, the -- in the U.S. and Canada, the U.S. piece of that where we have really good data, we think that 95% drops to about 93.5%, which we think is incredible coverage and puts us in a great position to be a great local supply chain partner and still have a really efficient network. And you're seeing that in our operating expenses over the last few years. If you look at our headcount numbers -- and I touched on it earlier, and I thought I'd share a different view rather than the year-over-year view you have on Page 5 of the earnings release. And that is, again, a 3-year view of what's happening. So our in-market locations from an absolute basis since 2019, our headcount is down about 567 people in the branch and Onsite network, which is about a 4% drop. And again, things like FMI and rationalizing locations have really allowed us to leverage that. However, our sales headcount is up because every headcount we've reduced has moved into some type of sales role supporting the branch and Onsite network. So, I'm pleased to say we were able to realign our resources in that time frame and really be a better growth-driving organization for the long term that aligns with our strategy of a branch and Onsite network. The other thing that should stand out is a year ago, we had 377 more branches relative to Onsite. So, we had 1,416 Onsites. We had 1,793. So, 377 delta between the two. At the end of 2022, that delta has contracted to 60. So, we have 1,623 OnSites. We have 1,683 branches. I don't know what quarter that flips. But it won't be too much -- too far into our future that we'll actually have more Onsites than branches which has been very much a planned thing within our business over time. Again, the FMI digital footprint helped us leverage our headcount and our rationalization of branches. The other piece that's an important and growing component, we've talked about our LIFT initiative, and we ended the year with just over 17,000 of our vending machines being resupplied out of our LIFT facility, which really allows us to operate more efficiently, ultimately allows us to rationalize some working capital, and our sales team can focus on selling more than managing some of the back-office items in a branch. The final thing, if you look at our headcount over the three-year period is we've been able to really rationalize our support labor. So, we have added folks in the distribution because of LIFT. However, in the -- if I look at DC and manufacturing, we're up 98 people in the last 3 years. So again, that team has done an incredible job of managing their headcount. And if I look at our support areas in general, 51% of our headcount increase in the last 3 years has been focus going into IT. That's how we're able to do things like FMI, how we're able to do things like LIFT and build the technology to support it. 35% has gone into either a growth driver or into our international team or supporting our sales team and 14% has gone into all other categories combined in the last 3 years. I think that's an organization that dramatically improved itself in the last 3 years as we prepared for the future. One last item -- when you see our release in February, I usually don't get ahead of myself on what's going to be in a future release. One thing to note is in 2022, our team in India added approximately 50 interns, and we ended up hiring 54 of them because a number of those interns told their friends about Fastenal, and they joined the Blue Team and they added to our IT group. We saw such great success with that. It's a very efficient way to add folks. Here in early January, we added 96 -- or 98, one of the two. So, you're going to see the number grow by about 100 in the month of January in our support infrastructure. Don't conclude from that Fastenal is not managing its headcount. Conclude from that Fastenal is investing in resources to support its technology side. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis : Great. Thanks, Dan. Starting on Slide 6. Total and daily sales increased 10.7% in the fourth quarter of 2022, which included an up 8% reading in December and represented further deceleration from prior quarters. We attribute this deceleration to slower industrial production, which shouldn't surprise anyone that tracks the purchasing manager index and more difficult growth and pricing comparisons. But even so, significant elements of our business continue to perform well. For instance, manufacturing, which was roughly 73% of our sales in the fourth quarter of 2022, grew 16% and slightly exceeded normal quarterly sequentials. In addition, our largest customers, as reflected by our national accounts program and which approximated 59% of our sales in the fourth quarter of 2022, grew 15%. We believe continued healthy performance in these areas reflect our investments in Onsite and changes to our branch structure and sales roles. Feedback from our regional leadership on the outlook entering 2023 remain constructive and largely unchanged from the third quarter of 2022. There are a few areas where we have seen incremental weakness, however. For instance, a handful of our large retailer customers tightened their belts regarding facilities and labor and our non-North American sales softened on a strong dollar and geopolitical events. Now we've made significant investments and seeing enormous growth in these areas over the last few years and the current weakness in our view relates to market-specific factors. Construction revenues were also softer, which reflects the conscious decision we have made to position our branches to focus on larger key accounts, which is contributing to better labor leverage. These 3 areas, large retailers, non-North American markets and construction together, represent more than 15% of sales and went from double-digit growth as recently as the first quarter of 2022 to declining in each case by the fourth quarter of 2022. As always, we have limited visibility as it relates to future demand. However, we do believe that our sales initiatives continue to gain momentum and expect good outgrowth in 2023. Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2022 was 19.6%, flat from the prior year. We continue to manage operating expenses effectively, producing 120 basis points of SG&A leverage in the fourth quarter of 2022. Occupancy costs are being restrained from strategic branch closures, while initiatives such as digital footprint, LIFT and the changes we've made to our brand strategies are contributing to improved labor leverage, which accelerated in 2022. As Dan indicated in his opening remarks, we were a bit more aggressive with headcount adds that might be prudent given the cloudy manufacturing outlook heading into 2023. However, we think that can adjust quickly, and it is likely annual FTE growth peaked in December or will peak in January before decelerating through the first half of 2023. Although the ultimate level of growth in the marketplace will have it say, we do believe that we can continue to leverage operating expenses in future periods. SG&A leverage was offset by a matching 120 basis points decline in gross margin, which was greater than anticipated. Certain factors were familiar. The drag related to product and customer mix widened as non-fastener growth began outpacing fastener growth, which was expected. The price cost drag widened slightly, which is a little more than expected, reflecting some improvement on the fastener side but incremental challenges in other products offsetting this. In fact, we experienced broader product margin pressure in our non-fastener and non-safety products. These categories tend to have a less centralized supply chain and the spend tends to be more unplanned, which when combined with slower demand and a better stock marketplace resulted in broader discounting. We believe this relates more to our actions than the state of the market and have plans to address it in the first quarter of 2023. On the positive side of the margin ledger, we continue to have healthy freight revenues and narrower losses related to maintaining our captive fleets. We had a higher tax rate, reflecting the absence of certain favorable reserve adjustments that benefited the fourth quarter of 2021 than higher non-deductible payroll and state income tax expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our fully diluted share count was also down 0.8% from share buybacks for the last 2 quarters. Putting it all together, we reported fourth quarter 2022 EPS of $0.43, up 7.1% from $0.40 in the fourth quarter of 2021. Now turning to Slide 8. We generated $302 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter of 2022 or approximately 123% of net income in the period. This reflects a typical fourth quarter conversion rate in contrast with the preceding five quarters where our conversion rates lagged. This is due to comparisons in the second half of 2021, we began to finance significantly more working capital to navigate supply chain constraints and inflation. We do not expect to have to make a similar incremental investment in 2023, which should produce better cash flow. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 12.6% on higher customer demand and an increase in the mix of larger key account customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories rose 12.1%. The supply chain has largely normalized. Inflation is moderating. And our fulfillment rates are at healthy levels, which is causing our inventory growth to align more closely with growth than was true earlier in the year. Our days on hand was 161.5, more than 4 days better than the fourth quarter of 2021 and more than 13 days below the fourth quarter of 2019 despite the challenges in the last 18 months. We continue to identify sustainable efficiencies in how we manage our inventories. Net capital spending in 2022 was $162.4 million, a bit below the $170 million to $190 million anticipated at the end of the third quarter, mostly related to project and equipment deferrals. Those deferrals, combined with higher spending on hub investments, fleet equipment and IT equipment, resulted in an anticipated net capital spending range for 2023 of $210 million to $230 million. We finished the fourth quarter of 2022 with debt at 14.9% of total capital, up from 11.4% in the fourth quarter of 2021 and unchanged at 14.9% in the third quarter of 2022. Though we had strong cash generation in the fourth quarter of 2022, we were also, again, more aggressive in returning cash to shareholders in the form of $177 million in dividends and $93 million in share buyback. Last night, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.31 in the first quarter of 2021 to -- I'm sorry, of 2022 to $0.35 in the first quarter of 2023. Now before the questions, one quick note. This week, we released our inaugural ESG report, which is accessible through the ESG link found at the bottom of fastenal.com. This report highlights the strong alignment of Fastenal's culture and mission with the environmental and human capital objectives of our stakeholders. I want to congratulate and thank the community of Blue Team members that work to pull this outstanding piece together. And with that, operator, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Dan Florness : Before we start Q&A, my adder to the Holden's comment on the ESG report, I encourage to focus on this call to read it. Don't wait for the movie. It's a -- I think it's a well-written story in the context of how Fastenal tell its story about how our business and our team have addressed this topic really throughout our history, but communicated in a way that is conscious of the formatting in the structure that society has grown more accustomed to. The other piece that I wanted to highlight is another announcement went out last night, which was, we announced that our international team has surpassed $1 billion in revenue for the first time during 2022. My congratulations to everybody listening to this call as part of our international team that spans the Americas, Europe and Asia. And to our team in China, where -- your society has opened a bunch more in recent months, recent weeks, I would like to wish you a Happy Chinese New Year. I believe it's the year of the rabbit. And I hope you since I -- sincerely hope you have a nice opportunity to visit with family as the societies opened up a little bit more. With that, we open the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: So, Holden, as you might imagine, I'm getting a few questions on gross margin this morning, obviously, a few moving parts. Should we think about, for '23 a typical 30 basis points to 50 basis points of pressure from mix? Or could it be a little bit greater, just given this price cost dynamic, lower rebates, any other pressures?
Holden Lewis : Yes. Well, from a mix standpoint, 30 basis points to 50 basis points is probably a low number now versus where it was in the past, primarily because our strategies have changed, right? I mean we have shifted towards really prioritizing key and larger accounts. Now that might be a larger regional account at a branch level. It might be national accounts. But I mean we've shifted our strategy to prioritize those, as you know. And so, I think that you've probably seen a bit of a widening in the expected mix impact from gross margin. Again, there's nothing that's surprising about that. And I would again point you to the improved labor leverage that we've been seeing in the last few years has been the flip side of those decisions, right? So that's deliberate. So, I wouldn't be surprised if the type of leverage that we're looking at from a mix standpoint is more in the 50 basis points to 70 basis points range. But again, as I said, I think that's expected. And I think that it's offset by the labor leverage that we get from the and strategy. And I think that we're product -- where mix is concerned, you have to balance both what's happening at the gross margin with the offsetting impact on operating margin.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Got it. Okay. And then next, moving to incremental margins, your kind of exit 4Q at about 20%. Is this a level you think you can achieve in '23 on mid-single-digit sales growth? It sounds like FTEs will be down. You'll have the incentive comp that's down. Anything you can add there would be helpful.
Holden Lewis : Yes. I think that you're hitting on important elements from an OpEx standpoint, and we do continue to expect good leverage there, right? And I think we've seen on the labor side, wage inflation has moderated a bit. You're right, incentive pay. Look, I'd love to be paying greater levels of incentive pay. But if the market slows down, that wouldn't happen. So, you wouldn't see that kind of growth there. And I think we'll continue to control headcount and the mix will shift as well, where a lot of the headcount that we add will be part time as we rebuild those ranks or -- so the mix will shift that way. So, I think that there's still good opportunity to leverage labor in 2023. And I think the same for occupancy. End of day, the question though, is what's going to happen on gross margin. And if we can limit the decline in gross margin to our mix, I expect that we'll be able to grow our operating margin year-over-year, which would get you more than that 20% incrementals and would get you, I think, solid into the 2025. I think the question, and I'm sure there'll be additional questions coming up, but I don't want to just leave this hanging out there, ultimately, is how do you think we execute some of the pressure that we've seen in the other product side and any level of deflation that may occur down the road if it occurs? And I think those are variables that are harder to sort of judge. And I think get down to whether or not you believe that we're going to execute effectively on some of the things that we cited that pressured the gross margin this quarter. And obviously, we believe that we're going to execute effectively that we're going to find ways to kind of offset some of the pressures that we saw in 4Q. And when we do that, I think that in a mid-single-digit growth environment that we can defend or improve the margin. But I think there's some -- there's probably more variables or questions on the gross margin going into 2023 than we have answers to right now.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: I have one 2-part question on OpEx. The first part is related to labor. The initiatives that you put in place have clearly driven better labor efficiency overall. But I'm wondering, in general, is the Fastenal cost structure more or less variable today than it had been in the past because of some of those structural changes? And then the second question is related to branch rationalization. By the chart you show here, where you're extending it out to 2025, it appears that you're materially complete with that transition. And I'm just wondering, are there any costs related to that transition that you've eaten over the past many years that will go away in 2023? And what I'm referring to is any sort of rationalization costs that a less conservative company might have flagged as nonrecurring or restructuring?
Holden Lewis : Maybe moving backwards and to your first question. I do think that we will have additional closures this year as we move towards that target. And I think beyond this year, you'll begin to see those closures begin to moderate, right? And so I think part of your question is how long does this -- the sort of this closure process go? And I think we have another year of it before it becomes a little bit less part of the story. But one of the things that we've done in closing the branches is, on top of that, we've sort of shifted the priorities of the branches, which ultimately make those branches more scalable in the future than I think they have been in the past. And so as we grow as a business, I expect that we will -- even if we're not closing branches, I think that as our average branch size grows, we're going to get good leverage out of that. To your point of, are there some expenses that were in there regarding closing? Sure. There's branches that we may have closed where the lease wasn't up and there's a buyout. We haven't scrutinized that spend meaningfully. It's been within the overall results for the last 5 or 6 years that we've been doing this. But there'd probably be some of that, that would also taper out of the model as we move from a branch closing mode to sort of a branch sustaining and leveraging mode 12 to 18 months from now. So, there'll be something in there. But again, I don't -- it's not a massive number. If we were prone to breaking things out, which we're not, I don't know that necessarily would have been that big a number to begin with. So, I wouldn't make too much out of that. As it relates to the underlying leverage -- yes, go ahead, Dan.
Dan Florness: Yes. So, you talked about more variable, less variable. That answer will change over time, Dave. If I think of 2022, a big chunk of our compensation programs, whether that be to our district leadership, the leadership in a lot of support areas, our regional leadership, our executive leadership. If you look at all those groups, a big driver of pay is growth in pre-tax. And if you think about that from the context of -- you look at it from the last -- the five years prior to 2022, we're growing our pre-tax ex. And in 2022, we grew our pre-tax ex times two. So, there was a very sizable increase in incentive comp that was paid out in 2022 versus the prior years. And that actually aid into quite a bit of our efficiencies during the year if you look at it just from a P&L perspective and a labor efficiency, because that's a meaningful payout. Depending on what you conclude our earnings growth will be in 2023, I suspect it will be a smaller number than 2022. And that will cause in the 2023 timeframe variable to actually be higher than it had been in the last few years because of that swing. If I look at things that we have done historically in the model, if you're opening branches every year, you're adding a fixed layer of expenses every year. If you're adding people into those branches, you're not getting a lot of revenue and gross profit dollars for those ads. There's a fixed layer that you're adding. That really isn't part of our model anymore. And -- because when we're adding labor into new units, it's going into an Onsite, and we're going into Onsite, because we're -- we have an understanding with the customer of what's going to ramp up, and that ramps up a lot faster than historical branch network would. So, from that standpoint, in 2023, more variable. As we move out over time, it's going to depend on what the economy is doing, and is it pulling us up or pushing us back as far as our ability to grow our earnings. And -- but I think you also have our ability to manage headcount in a much different way today than we could have. If you're adding 100 branches, you need 200 people to go into those branches on day 1. And that element has changed. And so, it gives us the ability to manage the P&L in a fundamentally different way. The other piece is, while this doesn't tie right to your variability question, as we're growing things like LIFT, it allows us to create efficiency, the leverage that Holden talks about. And that's going to keep building over time because we're at about 17% of our devices today are supported through LIFT. That was about 5,000 a year ago and that's going to continue to grow over time. And that just allows us to either remove a layer of expense as well as a layer of assets or invest in selling energy faster or accommodation of the 2. So, I hope that answers your question, and -- but it's about the year you're asking it to, but in 2023, there's a little bit more variability.
Holden Lewis : Yes. But I would say looking over the course of the cycle, Dave, I don't think our variability has changed. I think what we've done is we've reduced the level that our SG&A as a percentage of sales over time can decline to without impairing our levels of service, our ability to grow, et cetera. So I think we've reduced our floor of operating expenses to sales. I don't think the variability of our cost structure has changed much.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Gustavo for Josh -- earlier on the gross margin front and mix headwinds heading into '23. I think just looking a little bit more near term, can you sort of quantify the margin impact from price cost, maybe the improving supply chains? And then how does that sort of trend from here from what you saw in the fourth quarter?
Holden Lewis : So price cost, the -- I think last quarter, we talked about it being about a 30 basis point impact. This quarter, that was probably more like 40 basis points. So it widened a little bit more than I expected. I will say though, one of the reasons we expected that it would be flat to better this quarter because we expected the dynamic around fasteners to improve. And we, in fact, saw that happen. The drag from a price cost standpoint on the fastener side was narrower than what we saw last quarter, where we saw the more than offset was when I alluded earlier to sort of the other product side, I think we saw a greater impact on the other products that sort of moved that number from where I would have expected it to be to about a 40 basis point drag.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats helpful. And then I guess just sticking with fasteners. And obviously, its been a margin headwind here in the fourth quarter as well. I guess with steel deflation coming into the fold now, how should we be thinking about P&L impact from fasteners deflation over the next couple of quarters? And maybe any historical context on what youve seen previously would be helpful?
Holden Lewis : Ill take historical context first, and Ill -- yes. So I mean, thinking about the current, as you know, I dont have the same historical context that Dan does. But the  this is one of those variables on gross margin next year where it comes down, Gustav, to your belief in our ability to execute, right? I mean the -- we do expect that at some point in 2023, there will be requests to adjust fastener pricing down based on the cost of steel. Now you have to --
Dan Florness: Or the cost of transportation.
Holden Lewis : Or the cost of transportation. Now certain costs are still higher labor, things of that nature, right? And so we have to balance that. But in the end, its the same question during a period of inflation is can we time the reductions in the price of our product with the lower cost coming through our P&L? And as we have had conversations with customers, thats been the message that weve conveyed is  we understand when our cost is going to come through and these conversations will sort of occur in lockstep with that. And to the degree that we execute that effectively, then we would target neutral from a gross margin standpoint in terms of price cost. But it comes down to your belief in our ability to execute it effectively. I think that with the new tools that weve put in place the last few years, I think our ability to manage that process has improved significantly. And I think you saw that during a period of a fairly aggressive inflation. And  so we feel good about that prospect. But our goal would be to really time the cost and the price effectively so that price cost is neutral in 2023. But it comes down to your belief in our ability to execute that effectively.
Dan Florness: From a historical perspective, and Ill use an extreme time frame because, quite frankly, over the years, there hasnt been a lot of significant inflation or deflationary periods. In the late 2000, so 2008, 2009 timeframe, you saw a period of pretty heightened inflation followed by not only deflation, but the economy getting pounded pretty hard in that late 08 and 09 timeframe. So, what you saw is if you think of our business in 2 components, large production-type environments and then maybe some of the smaller customer base departments, you  the one is driven more by conversations with customers about pricing. And there, we tend to do a pretty good job over time of maxing it and some you get a little bit ahead of it depending on the turn of that product. But our fasteners turn a lot slower than our  turns slower than our overall inventory. So generally speaking, on the way up, you get a little bit of margin profit in there. And youve see an expanding gross profit margin. You saw that back in 08, and thats over that turn of inventory. In 09, it was amplified obviously because the economy was weak, but you saw the inverse of that, and weve got squeezed pretty hard. But again, it was for a turn. So its about understanding whats happening in the turn versus whats happening in the long term. Whats changed in todays environment is that piece that is the more the production center element is a larger component than it would have been back in 2008. And so that piece where the marketplace is raising prices affects a smaller piece of our inventory, and its more of these direct conversations. And so  and I think we have better tools to manage through it and have a more sophisticated conversation with our customer on the way up and on the way down. But you know it is its easier to slow things down on the way up because your customers arguing that direction, then it is to slow things down on the way down because your customer actually has a different incentive there. So you have those challenges. It will be challenging in the cycle of this turn of inventory, but I believe our team and our tools, we have a means a disciplined way of managing through it.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Wanted to start off with some of the end market -- end market commentary you offered, particularly around what appears to be continued strength in manufacturing tied to industrial capital goods. At the same time, I think, Holden, your word characterizing the outlook for this year on manufacturing was cloudy, obviously, PMI is sub-50 now. Have you seen any softening there? Or would you characterize that end market is just as strong as it was, say, a quarter ago?
Holden Lewis : Still feels pretty strong. And again, I tend to try to rely on the regional Vice Presidents and kind of their feedback to me. And honestly, the feedback over the last 2 or 3 quarters really hasn't changed that much. We clearly down shifted from first quarter to second quarter. But since then, it's kind of been the same kind of feedback from the RVPs. They still feel good about what we're doing. They feel constructive about the cycle. Their customers are constructive, but nervous. And RVP might cite something that's worrisome, but on the other hand, another one might sort of change their tune quarter-to-quarter. And that's why I look at it net-net, the overall tone and tenor of what the RVPs are describing to us about the marketplace, frankly, it hasn't changed a whole lot as it relates to that manufacturing and the dynamics are fairly similar. So if we look at the same stuff that you do and I've always had a tremendous amount of respect for the PMI and its ability to sort of point directionally to what industrial production is doing. I think if you look at industrial production, that's still growing, but it's -- but that growth has moderated. But we still feel pretty good about what we're doing with focusing on this customer set and really being able to spend more time and grab wallet share at a faster clip. And I think a lot of things that we're doing is making us feel pretty good about a market that, as you pointed out, there's a lot of signals that are suggesting it should be softer than it feels to us right now.
Dan Florness: So I have the opportunity throughout the year with 240 district managers. And throughout the year, I'm having conversations with 4, 5 or 6 DMs every week. And our conversation with each one going through learning a little bit more about them, learning about their business, where they think their business is going and just hearing about what they're saying. And we were stuff on our chart sleeps. If you feel like -- if you're nervous, that anxiety manifests itself and how you think about stuff. I think a couple of things are going on. And again, put that in the category, this is from talking to a lot of people and this isn't from studying a lot of numbers. I think what's helping manufacturing is a really healthy backlog that existed through much of 2022. So let's just say you're a manufacturer and your backlog is 100 units and whatever that revenue is because, say, it's 100 units. And because of supply chain constraints, because of just demand in the marketplace from the last several years, maybe some deferred maintenance, whatever it might be, that backlog goes from 100 to 150. And then we get into the latter third of 2022. And let's say that backlog goes from 150 to 120. It's still a really good backlog. And the question is, is the PMI reflecting the 120? Or is it reflecting the concern, the angst that comes with, well, the backlog went from 150 to 120? And is the PMI giving us a head fake or is the PMI really telling us what's going to happen? We honestly don't know. But to Holden's point, the activity we're seeing feels okay. But we are -- we, like everybody else, are a bit nervous about where things are going. The last 3 months and for the next 6 months, I'll be pushing our leadership pretty hard on what we're doing as far as adding headcount and being really thoughtful about it. I feel good about -- set aside the economy for a second, I feel good about the fact that we have 350-plus new Onsites that will be given us juice as we go into 2023, and we didn't have that kind of number coming into 2022 or 2021. And so there's some positives there. But as far as the underlying economy, we're not really sure if the PMI is right or wrong, but we're playing it, assuming it's right.
Tommy Moll: Very helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to pivot to pricing dynamics in gross margin. I guess this is a 2-parter. Holding on gross margin, is there anything quantitative or qualitative you'd offer just to bridge us from 4Q to 1Q? And then more broadly, I forget which one of you referenced the broader discounting in the non-fastener, non-safety SKUs. Is this an early sign of a trend that may bleed over into some of your more core product categories? Or any context you could offer on that discounting dynamic would be helpful as well?
Holden Lewis : We'll have to put our heads together and decide if a two-part or second question is actually three questions. We'll get back to you, Tommy, on that. The -- so the -- the other products, I think, was the second question that you asked. And the -- there's not a lot more, I think, that we can add to kind of why we think it occurred. We just think that those products tend to be less planned. They tend to be a little less centralized in sort of the supply chain. And when markets change and shift, and we've seen some, right? I mean you go back six, nine, 12 months ago and the availability of products in the marketplace was fairly sketchy. It's gotten much better. Inflation conditions have changed. Demand may be softening a little bit sort of under the surface. I don't know. But in the end, I think that the weakness that we're seeing has a lot more to do with things that we've done. And the good news in that is having identified that, there's things that we can do to sort of mitigate those effects. And those are things that we intend to do over the next quarter or such, right? And so, we have a lot of belief, and this is another element of gross margin for next year. It comes down to your confidence in us and our ability to execute sort of the measures we need to mitigate that effect. Now what was your question about bridging from Q4 into next year, it probably does mean that if you look at traditional seasonality around gross margin, it's probably a little weaker in the first part of the year and a little stronger in the second part of the year as we get our arms around the things we need to do to sort of mitigate the issue around the other products. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color you can use.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Jake Levinson with Melius Research.
Jake Levinson: On a totally different topic. I feel like that international $1 billion revenue level seems to have snuck up on us and it's certainly been one of the fastest-growing parts of your business. I'm curious, what your longer-term aspirations are there? Because as far as I can understand it, it grew kind of organically out of the domestic business that you built in North America. But clearly, it's getting to a pretty sizable level. So, is there a path to further expansion beyond that traditional legacy model, if you will?
Dan Florness: Yes. So first off, yes, it's -- that growth has been all organic as has most -- 99.5% of our growth as a company in general over the last 50-plus years. The -- you milestone, I think, has made ever more impressive by the fact that you look at our international business outside of North America, I mean, talk about a year to get your teeth kicked in. You have the chaos that's going on in Europe between the hostilities in Eastern Europe in Ukraine and the energy situation and all the uncertainty and stuff that's been shut down in Europe because of this high energy consumption, et cetera, and moved to other places. You have Asia where the bigger part of our business is in China. Again, these are both relatively small pieces to Fastenal. But to international, they become more important. And so that milestone is ever more important. In China, they've been enduring lockdowns for an extended period of time, and it makes it really difficult to conduct business. So, I think it's really impressed with what they've done throughout this time frame, and I touched on it in my head count numbers, we've continued to invest in the team. I had the opportunity after not being over there for a number of years, obviously, because of COVID, I was over traveling in Europe in the fall in September, October time frame, spent time with our team in Northern Europe. I spent time with our team up in the Netherlands, really impressed with what I'm seeing from a growth perspective, not top line growth, but from the underlying customer acquisition perspective and the team I met with. And what's exciting about that business is you're seeing examples of customers we're signing and Onsites we're signing or branches that customers that were creating relationships with that aren't strictly an extension of North America. There are businesses we're signing up contracts with that know nothing about our business in the U.S. or our business in Canada, or our business in Mexico. And they were introduced to Fastenal in our team because of our contact on the ground, whether it be in Europe, whether it be in China or down in Southeast Asia. That's the exciting part because it tells me the team there has -- is creating a market presence for themselves and they're being recognized in the supplier community, which makes life a lot easier because when your supplier community is in North America and you're operating in Europe, that's a challenge. The other piece is the -- if you think about the economy, and I'm not telling you anything you don't know, there's more business outside North America than there is in North America, and we're very conscious of that long term. So, depending on what your time horizon is, if your time horizon is the next five or 10 years, most of the growth element of the business is going to come in North America from a pure magnitude perspective. But beyond that, what's exciting is, I think we're unique in our space and that we've found tremendous success moving beyond the traditional geography that your business operates in. And the model works. We go in these new markets. We find great people. We ask them to join. We create an environment where I think they want to be. And I think the comment earlier about our experience with interns in India is indicative of what we're able to do. I think people like this style of decentralized organization, where we respect people for their opinions. And we challenge everybody to be vocal about what you think can make us better. That's how we get better as an organization, and I couldn't be more pleased. In fact, at our April Annual Meeting, I've asked Jeff Watt, who leads our international business, to speak to the group this year. And he was going to do it a couple of years ago and then couldn't make it because COVID hit in the spring of 2020. We had virtual annual meetings for the next couple of years. So it wasn't quite the same. We just kept it to the facts, so to speak. And last year, we had the opportunity to let Terry Owen talk about the distribution and investments we're making on the sales side of the organization, and this year, Jeff is going to cover international. But it's a wonderful business for us because we're finding a whole bunch of folks that are getting exposed to the Blue Team and our supply chain capabilities.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: I wanted to talk about the ability to drive operating leverage as Onsite activations ramp. And I understand that a fully mature Onsite can be accretive to operating margin despite being materially lower on the gross margin side. But I guess my question is how long do you think it takes? Or how long should we expect it to take from Onsite to reach that level of maturity and how should we think about that dynamic into 2023 as Onsite activations are ramping?
Holden Lewis : Functionally, I think it's less about a function of time and more a function of scale. And that being said, it really -- well, on an individual on-site basis, you're going to get a certain degree of variability, right? I don't believe that a $600,000 a year on-site is necessarily margin accretive. But if that $600,000, we believe can lend itself to $1.8 million to $2 million a year, then it's certainly worth being in that setting and that environment and that relationship for the potential upside. And that's part of the point of the exercise. But if it's a function of volume, what I've always said is prior to Onsite becoming an initiative, and we just looked at 215 on sites that have been there, somewhere between 1992 and 2014, they were mature not as a function of time, but a function of scale. On average, those Onsite were doing between $1.8 million and $2 million a year in revenue. And that is when you achieved a margin north of 20% on that group. And what I can tell you is during the period of COVID when our signing slowed down, you had a certain maturation of existing on sites that became a faster percentage of the whole than we would have expected to see in the absence of COVID. And one of the by-products of that was we actually saw a pretty good increase in the overall operating margin of our Onsite business. And I believe that, that increase was to the tune of a percentage point a year between 2020 and 2021 and '21 and '22. Now we signed a lot of Onsite last year. We're targeting signing a lot of Onsites this year. Assuming we're successful with that, and we believe we will be, then you'll sort of see the inverse of what happened during COVID, where you're going to see those newer units kind of stepping up a bit in the mix again. And that might make further progress in 2023 on margin at the Onsite level, a little bit more difficult to achieve. You might see a little bit of a step back, but you're not going to step back to where we were pre-pandemic. We've seen the mix of mature units go up. And I think we'll continue to see that. And our expectation is that right now, your average unit is probably between $1.6 million and $1.7 million. If that steps back a little bit in 2023 because of all the new implementations that we're doing and the greater signings, that's fine. But we do expect that, that average size is going to continue to trend towards that 1.8 to 2 and that those margins will trend towards 20% plus. That's the expectation.
Dan Florness: We've talked about over time. It's going to add to Holdings. We've talked about over time how we expect the operating margin of our business to continue expanding. And there's really 2 dynamics going on there. One is we can absorb a greater mix, even if they're below company average operating margin, we can accept a greater mix because the branch network isn't stagnant. The branch network is continuing to grow because we're adding revenue every day, and we pulled some units out over time, as we talked about. So if I look at our oldest regions that have the highest concentration of Onsite, their average branch isn't doing $150,000, $140,000 a month. It's doing $210,000, $220,000. Our operating margins are higher in those areas even though our Onsite revenue might be 50% of revenue. And so it's really a case of the network matures, even if the mix is beating you down, your branch network is actually becoming more profitable. The other thing is elements inside our business, and I see we're almost at talks, I'm going to cut it off with this when we're done, I apologize for that. But the elements of our business are becoming stronger. Now I use vending as an example. Five years ago, I sat down with the fellow that leads our vending business. And if you look at vending as a discrete business within Fastenal, it had operating margins between 13% and 14%. So it doesn't take a lot of math to figure out, hey, you keep growing your vending business, that's not friendly to your operating margin. And my comment to Jeff at the time was, Jeff, here are the pieces we need to work on over time. increased revenue per machine, increased the mix of our exclusive brands, increased the mix of our preferred providing brands lower the cost of our devices. All these things need to occur over time. I'm pleased to say when I look at vending as a discrete P&L, we just looked at it last week, it broke 20% for the first time. And Onsite never had the benefit of organizational investments in it to make it better. Didn't have FMI. It didn't have a point-of-sale system that was built for Onsite. It had a point-of-sale system that was built for a branch network. We're investing in those tools today. That helps the efficiency of the Onsite network, too. So, it helps defend the math, but the network is getting better, and we have demonstrated proof that, that occurs already.  With that, it is on the hour. Thank you for your interest in Fastenal. Have a great 2023.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2022 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2022 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to view -- review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. The -- we had a good quarter. We -- when I look at the performance of the team, I am proud to be a member of the Blue Team. The 16% daily sales growth that we experienced in the quarter, we were able to translate that into 19% operating profit growth, and ultimately, we were also able to translate it into strong operating cash flow growth. We grew our cash flow 54% from the third quarter of 2021 to third quarter of 2022. And in the expansion of our ability to generate operating cash relative to our level of earnings, we havent been able to lay claim to that for over year and a half, as I believe you have to go back to prior to 2021 where you can see that. And it was really great execution throughout the organization and the fact that supply chains have become a bit more stable and that doesnt mean they have become easier. It just means they have become more stable, and you can rely on what you are seeing in your level of safety stock, doesnt be quite as deep. As far as customer demand, that was stable throughout the quarter. Now Septembers 2.7% sequential growth versus August does lag the way we look at the historic pattern and history would say we should be up 3.4%. The real driver of that is if you look at the storms that hit the Southeastern United States, Hurricane Ian late in the quarter and essentially pushed some business out of September and into October. The storms likely reduced our sequential DSR by about 0.5% and so you can do the math on what it would be if thats added back in, but we see it as stable demand. And in the next bullet, touch on the fact that we are preparing for a softer 2023. So I thought Id share some thoughts on, what does that mean? Now first off, I remember back in the fall of 2015, I believe it was a Tuesday morning, dont quote me on it. But the day before, we would our Board meeting, and I learned after that Board meeting that Id been selected as the next President and CEO of Fastenal and it was a pretty tough environment for not just the organization but for industrial entities in general. And the next day I -- during the Q&A section, I was probably a little more animated than I typically am and I commented on what I thought was the state of the economy. And the next day, my wife informed me that I was on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, but that was my mouth. So we are not in that kind of environment. We are not in something where I am going to proclaim something. But we are preparing for a softer 2023 and a lot of that centers on two things. One is something that has nothing to do with 2023. If you would been on the call I had an hour - two hours ago with our leadership around the planet, I talk -- I gave them the typical October talk and that is we are a seasonal business. And if you look at history, history says between September and December, our daily sales typically drop off 12%, 13%. And I am going back to the time before COVID and even before some of the tariff period. I am going back to the 2017 and 2016 and 2018 numbers. And just looking at sequential patterns, that should not be a surprise to anybody listening to this that a business that operates in Northern North America, a big chunk of revenue of Northern North America, after you get past Canadian Thanksgiving and get to the U.S. Thanksgiving, get to Christmas, the business slows down. We are preparing ourselves for that. When we are talking about 2023, its really about a lot of the numbers we are seeing, and again, they are not numbers that are unique to Ireland. I am looking at industrial production and Holden will touch on some of that here later. But looking at industrial production with some of the forecasters are predicting. But the most important feedback that we focus on is what are our regional and district leaders hearing from their customers as far as their confidence going into 2023? And I will be honest with the group. That confidence isnt strong. Its not, hey, the sky is falling, but the confidence is very, very cautious and we are preparing for that type of environment. And that means that you are very thoughtful about where you invest. You are very thoughtful about not getting ahead of yourself. Now we have signed a lot of Onsites this year and that gives us resiliency going to next year and I will touch on that in a second. But what it means is, you staff for the things you know, but you dont get ahead of yourself on staffing for the things you dont know. And thats the mindset we have going in 2023, whereas a year ago and two years ago, we were staffing for both and its just a bit of caution in the year. Last week, I was traveling in Europe, my first trip outside North America since before the pandemic. Its -- theres something about -- even being -- even this human being is a social creature and theres a certain energy you get and a certain rapport you can get and a level of communication intimacy you can get by meeting people in person and it was a wonderful trip. I spent some time with our folks at what we call EHUB, which is our distribution facility up in the Netherlands and most of our European leadership were there for that discussion. And then I traveled down to Northern Italy, primarily Lombardi area of Northern Italy and met with our team there. And what stands out is the last time I visited this group was in 2000 -- fall 2017. How the group has grown, just interesting [ph] your numbers, but grown in talent and business acumen was really impressive. And despite all the stuff thats going on in Europe over the last three years, actually the globe, but then more specifically Europe in the last 12 months, that business is 80% bigger than what it was in 2019 and thats telling the story in U.S. dollars. If I left it in local currency, it would be closer to $90. And I think back when I was there, which was two years earlier, we havent tripled in size, but were pretty close to it. And so its really a powerful story about the marketplace around the planet has identified in Fastenal what is special about Fastenal over the years and I am glad to say that we are replicating that with our team in Europe. The -- one thing that is a positive, despite what it looks like in the numbers, its a positive and that is the pre-pandemic margin profile of the business has reemerged. And back in 2016 and 2017 and 2018 when we were really telling the story of how we thought our growth was going to change in the future and those will be much more Onsite-driven, it changes the profile of your gross margin, but it also changes the profile of your operating expenses. And we felt, over time, that was a great trade-off, because ultimately, its about the level of profit and return you can generate and this is a faster way to grow and a better way to develop your talent and be special in the marketplace. We thought it was. But it was explaining how those dynamics would work. Mix driven lower gross margin did occur in the quarter. Strong expense leverage also occurred very much in line with the story we were telling five years ago. And I am pleased to say that after a period of time where our operating margin was kind of stuck within 20 basis points or 30 basis points of 20% for a number of years. Year-to-date, we have been able to break out of that and move it up to 21% or actually slightly better. So very pleased with that. And then finally, I touched on it earlier, really impressed. I am the former CFO, so looking at our cash flow statement for the last couple of years, it was tough for Holden. It was tough for Dan, too. And I am really pleased to say, when I look at the cash flow statement, that for the first time in quite a few quarters, six, seven quarters, I can look at the year-over-year numbers and say its improving, our cash flow is improving. And I believe it has staying power, because I look at the things we are doing to create it, the environment thats allowing us to create it and the tools we are deploying to maintain it and elevate it even more, we have never been in a better position to improve our ability to generate cash. Flipping to page four of book, Onsite signings, softened a little bit during the quarter, 86. So total On -- active Onsites is 1,567, up about 15% from a year ago. Our goal for the year of 375 to 400 remains intact. Given where we are and its in the early part of October, we expect to be in the lower end of that range. FMI Technology, we signed 5,187 weighted devices. Thats about 81 per day. A year ago, we signed 75. Id be lying to you if I didnt say Id like that number to be closer to 100 and at least starting with a nine, but we are getting good execution. What really stands out is the -- whats happening with that business from the standpoint of the revenue per device, how its expanding nicely from what we have seen. The FASTBin element of it, we are putting up really impressive numbers. One of the things I shared with our Board yesterday is, if you look at that discrete number of signings per day, a couple of years ago, one of those signings was a FASTBin. Today, its 15 and so its rapidly expanding throughout the organization and really impressed with the way our teams in the field have embraced the technology and the way our customers like the technology, too. You look at eCommerce, daily sales through, oh, excuse me, and our goal for the year of 2,100 unit to 2,300 unit equivalents for FASTVend and FASTBin signings remain intact. Finally, daily sales for eCommerce rose 50%. And eCommerce is an interesting one because for years, I think back to when I stepped into this role, eCommerce was about 5.5% of our sales and it has been stuck there. It was stuck in purgatory. And because it wasnt how we went to market, we are a service organization, we are not a catalog centered organization or an eComm company, we are service, we are a supply chain partner and part of it was we had to admit to ourselves thats what we are, and thats a beautiful thing. And then how do we play to those strengths? And so we have really I believe found a way to make this part of our business. In the quarter, we hit $5 million a day going through eCommerce and it wasnt too many years ago that we were starting out in that journey, so really impressed with the team. Then finally, our Digital Footprint. We have talked about that. Its really about widening the moat, illuminating supply chain for our customer and making supply chain more efficient for both ourselves and our customer. I am pleased to say that we have grown that to 49.5% of sales in the third quarter versus 43.7% a year ago and we have talked about our plan, our goal, to hit 52% of our sales running through the Digital Footprint sometime in 2022. Thats still our goal. In fact, in the month of September we came in at 49.9%. So if you would, excuse me a second, I will just round it up and say 50% of our business is now the Digital Footprint and we see that continue to grow as we move forward. The other piece and this is touching back and I didnt touch on it with the eCommerce a second ago is, not just to have our numbers improved, but one thing we always look at internally is our level of participation, in other words, how much is everybody doing, not just a few leaders in the organization. So if I go back to 2018, 17% of our branches had more than 10% of their sales in eCommerce. Two years later in 2020, that number had grown to 25% of our branches had more than 10% of their sales in eCommerce. I am pleased to say in the third quarter of 2022, 52% of our branch and Onsite locations, excuse me, of our branch locations, had over 10% of their revenue in eCommerce. So this 18% that we hit in the third quarter isnt coming from a few. Its coming from a lot of activity throughout the organization, which means its becoming part of our DNA and thats how we found success in vending a decade ago, how we found success in Onsite over the last five years, six years and what we are seeing in eCommerce today. With that, I will turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. I will start on slide five. Total and daily sales increased 16% in the third quarter of 2022. Growth did decelerate by 200 basis points from the second quarter of 2022 and Septembers DSR growth was below the historical norm. However, a lot of that was due to comparisons. Price contribution in the period was 110 basis points below the second quarter, which we expected. Relative to the second quarter of 2022, we also saw difficult government comps that cost us about 20 basis points, foreign exchange cost us about 10 basis points and the impact of Hurricane Ian on our Atlantic coastal region cost us about 20 basis points, as well as 50 basis points in September. At the same time, we experienced robust 22.6% daily growth in our manufacturing end market, 18.2% daily growth in our fastener product line and 20.8% growth in national accounts. Regional VP feedback had a more -- had a few more pockets of forward-looking caution sprinkled in, but overall they also judged business activity in the third quarter to have been very similar to the second quarter, which we believe is a fair characterization of the period. Pricing contributed 550 to 580 basis points to growth in the third quarter of 2022, moderating from the second quarter as we began to grow over the pricing actions that started in the third quarter of last year. While many commodity indexes have recently fallen from their peaks, global supply chains are filled with product where costing reflects the higher commodities of a number of months ago. It will take several quarters for lower cost product to find its way to the point of use and we continue to see supplier letters seeking to recover these costs. These variables have supported stable product price levels in the marketplace. Overall, the third quarter of 2022 reflected stable demand, stable price levels, but tough comparisons. At this time, we dont have a reason to believe that those conditions will change in the fourth quarter of 2022. However, as always, our visibility into the future is limited and the uptick in caution that our regional VPs are receiving from their customers, while far from universal, is still notable and something we need to watch. Now to slide six. Operating margin in the third quarter of 2022 was 21%, up from 20.5% in the third quarter of 2021. Our incremental margin was 24.5%. Gross margin was 45.9% in the third quarter of 2022, down 40 basis points from the third quarter of 2021. This quarters results had a lot of moving pieces. The first piece I will address is price/cost, which relates specifically to fasteners and was a negative 30 basis point impact on the period. Over the past 15 months, the Blue Team has done a remarkable job defending our profitability in an environment where fastener costs were rising as much as 30%. At this stage of the cycle, the marketplace is less receptive to further price increases even as higher cost product is still being imported. As I indicated earlier, product pricing in the marketplace is stable and there are tenuous signs of product inflation easing. The timing of product flows suggested that while price/cost may remain negative for a couple of quarters, the magnitude is likely to moderate going forward. The second piece impacting gross margin is a write-down, this time of nitrile gloves, which pulled gross margin down 20 basis points. This is very similar to the glove write-down we had in the first quarter of 2021
Dan Florness: Mask write-down.
Holden Lewis: Mask -- sorry, mask write-down that we had in the first quarter of 2021 in that it derives from decisions that we made during the pandemic to support our customers and with the stresses of the pandemic waning, the value of our inventory relative to the market became inflated. We believe this is a discrete event specific to the third quarter. The third piece is customer and product niche -- mix, which was 40 basis points dilutive based mostly on relative growth from our national accounts and Onsite Customers, which I believe everyone understands is an anticipated byproduct of our growth strategies. These three impacts were partly offset by continued strong growth in freight revenues of 30.6%, which is narrowing losses related to maintaining our captive fleet and leverage of organizational expenses as higher volumes absorbed overhead. We achieved 110 basis points of operating expense leverage in the third quarter of 2022. The largest contributor to this leverage was occupancy expenses, which reflects our branch rationalization. We also achieved leverage over employee related costs due to primarily lower health care expenses, and to a lesser degree, moderating annual growth in total compensation expense. We also leveraged other operating expenses with lower bad debt expense, lower general insurance costs and higher asset sales being only partly offset by higher selling related transportation costs driven mostly by higher fuel prices. Putting it all together, we reported third quarter 2022 EPS of $0.50, up 17.4% from $0.42 in the third quarter of 2021. Turning to slide seven, we generated $258 million in operating cash in the third quarter of 2022 or approximately 91% of net income in the period. This still trails the conversion we might normally expect in the third quarter, reflecting the ongoing impact of steps taking with working capital to support our customers. However, this was the first time in six quarters that our conversion has improved year-over-year. As product availability in our hubs has reached our goal, we have been able to slow our inventory build even as improvement in the supply chain has allowed us to slightly shorten domestic and import ordering cycles. These factors should improve cash conversion rates in future periods. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 17% on strong customer demand and an increase in the mix of larger key account customers, which tend to have longer terms. Inventories rose 19.8% continuing to reflect on an annual basis, strong customer demand, higher inflation and our hub inventory build. However, an improving supply chain and moderating inflation impact contributed to a sequential improvement in our days on hand from 161 days in the second quarter of 2022 to 157 days in the third quarter of 2022. This continues to trend roughly 10 days below the pre-pandemic level despite the challenges in the last 15 months, which reflects increasing and sustainable efficiencies in how we manage our inventories. Net capital spending was $44 million in the third quarter of 2022, mostly flat with the third quarter of 2021. Year-to-date, net capital spending was $121 million, up 13% due mostly to increased spending for FMI hardware, hub automation and upgrades and IT equipment. We are reducing our 2022 net capital spending to a range of $170 million to $190 million, down from $180 million to $200 million. This reflects slightly lower FMI spending, slightly lower vehicle spending on continued availability issues and higher asset sales. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $178 million in dividends and $95 million in share buyback. From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the third quarter of 2022 with debt at 14.9% of total capital, up from 11% in the third quarter of 2021 and 13.7% in the second quarter of 2022. With that, Operator, we will turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
David Manthey: Good morning. Hi, Dan and Holden. How are you guys doing?
Dan Florness: Good morning, Dave. Fine.
Holden Lewis: Hi.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Dave.
David Manthey: Good. Hey, so as you are thinking about gross margin into 2023, if pricing remains flat like you say it is right now, what margins -- gross margins that is come under pressure as you cycle through rising cost of goods sold because of your FIFO inventory method? And on Slide 5, you say the material prices have started to decline while market prices remained flat. I am just trying to understand how you are thinking about gross margin here and where those lines intersect?
Holden Lewis: So as you know, through most of this cycle, we have been fairly flat from a price/cost standpoint and that reflected our ability to kind of match the cadence of our price increases with how we are seeing costs come through. As you pointed out, we have a long supply chain and we are at the point now where, on one hand, pricing levels are stable, but we are still seeing some product come through that was bought months ago that was at a higher cost in the marketplace thats impacting us and thats where the 30 basis point drag from price/cost sort of evolved to in Q4. But what we are also seeing is that and you look at the same indices we do, right? I mean we are starting to see that material costs, things like steel, have come off from prior peaks. And what we are therefore seeing is as product is now getting on boats in Asia and it wont be here for months and months, right, it wont flow through our supply chain, it takes time. You are starting to see that the inflation in that product has begun to come off. In fact, if I think about September, September and August cost levels of product that we are purchasing was fairly flat. Its the first time thats been true in a long time. We have been seeing sequential increases as things have flowed through. This is the first time that we have seen that number flatten out. And so I think that what that tells you is that, we were a little bit shy of all of the cost in our pricing actions, we had that impact us in Q3. As that less inflated or non-inflated product begins to work through several quarters from now, with price levels being where they are, that should all stabilize. So we had a 30 basis point drag in Q3. I think in Q4, perhaps, in Q1, there will still be some of that, but I dont expect it to get worse. I think it will be basically at or better than that level. And then by the time you get into the middle part of next year, we are going to see some of that product that looks like its moderating in terms of cost coming back into our system.
David Manthey: All right. Holden, thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jake Levinson with Melius Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Jake Levinson: Good morning, everyone.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Jake Levinson: Hi. Just on the non-res construction side, I know you -- it seems like sales have slowed a little bit there and you made some cautious comments in the release. Just curious and I am sure theres storm impacts in September there, but just curious what you are hearing from the field in terms of trends in that market, if there are any particular regions or verticals that seem better
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Jake Levinson:  of course.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I think there could be a few things that are playing out in construction. One is, as you said, weather probably wasnt our friend as it relates to the most recent months in certain parts of the southern markets. But I think theres a few other things playing out, too. We tend to be a little bit later in the construction cycle as opposed to being early in the construction cycle, because we dont really supply a lot of the high volume, high bulk, but very low margin type of product. We tend to come in as the project is proceeding and we sort of step in to sort of fill in spot buys that they might need for product or supply sort of folks who are involved in the later stages of the project with their reflective vests and things of that nature. So I think that there is an element of timing. So as we get further away from the pandemic and more projects that restarted coming out of it get deeper into it, I think, that tends to favor us from a cycle timing standpoint. And so there may be some elements of timing thats in there. I think the other element of it, though, is recall, we have altered our branch model in certain respects and that branch model has used to be very much an open showroom for people to come in and buy a lot of product. In many respects, we have reduced the size of that showroom and tried to get a lot of that walk-in business to go online. And in many cases, thats been successful, again, you see the eComm business is growing the way it is, part of that is because of that. But at the same time, a lot of construction business tends to walk in the front door. And I wouldnt be surprised if our shift to focusing on larger key accounts, which includes by the way larger construction accounts. I wouldnt be surprised if some of the walk-in business we might normally have entertained in our branches isnt as prevalent in our model today as it was then. And so I think those are probably the variables that are impacting that.
Dan Florness: The other one would be the fact that and this isnt unique to this quarter or this year. But over a number of years, we have reduced the physical number of locations and that has a place too.
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Dan Florness: But that doesnt have a lot of relevancy to what we are seeing right now in the patterns.
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Jake Levinson: Okay. Thats helpful. I think thats it from me today. Good luck, guys.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Chris Dankert with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Dankert: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Dan Florness: Hi.
Chris Dankert: Holden, we have talked about this in the past, I guess, given the very high sales growth and kind of the necessary preoccupation with finding and sourcing alternative products and re-pricing. As some of that starts to moderate, does that mean we can refocus more on Onsites and can kind of help drive some of these kind of more organic growth initiatives. And was that part of the productivity improvement and the SG&A leverage we saw in the quarter here, I guess?
Holden Lewis: The stability in the supply chain removes an incredible distraction to the entire organization, because if we dont have product -- if either we dont have product on the shelf in our distribution centers or we are having difficulty locating product, the fallback for everything is our branch and Onsite. They are the first line to the customer and if a customer needs something, they will find it. But the thing is, from a time standpoint, it takes them more time to source and locate than it takes to push a button on your computer and request it from your distribution center. So the energy loss is there and that energy is coming back. And so that puts us in a position where we can grow the business, we can grow our intensity and we dont -- and we can leverage the payroll side better because you dont need to add people as fast, because all of a sudden, that burden time is disappearing from your day. And again, this is for folks at the branch and the Onsite and it does provide for a less tension environment, too.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I dont think that you can underestimate the amount of energy that has been diverted over the last 15 months towards conversations with customers about raising prices, as opposed to conversations about increasing what we can do for them, right? And how we can solve an additional or incremental levels of challenges that our customers may have. As all of that normalizes, I think, that our conversations will shift from playing defense to playing offense to an even greater degree than it has been, and I think that thats useful and I think that is going to help on the productivity side. And if we werent doing the things that we were doing to prioritize the Digital Footprint, to rethink kind of the structure of our Physical Footprint and how we prioritize our time, I think, that we would have been much more challenged than we turned out to be.
Chris Dankert: Thank you both so much for the color.
Dan Florness: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please proceed with your questions.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: We appreciate the insight you gave from your RVPs in terms of some of the cautious comments that you have picked up there and I was curious if we could maybe go one level deeper. To what extent does that caution apply to the manufacturing end markets or are you picking up anything different there versus construction and maybe some of the others tied to consumer that have been weak even earlier this year, appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I think that the elements of manufacturing that faces capital spending or commodity markets being stronger than manufacturers that are touching consumer markets. That dynamic has persisted to some degree for the last two quarters and it existed in September as well. So that still is a thing, that hasnt changed. But I think that the feedback that we are getting from the RVPs, and again, its not universal. There are some RVPs that said, no, things are really still good, right? So I am taking sort of a holistic consensual view from some 20-plus individuals and not all of them are seeing weakening markets. But I am seeing a few more comments from a few more people and its not about specific markets. Its just about the mindset and the outlook of the customers, generally speaking, has gone from, look, I am just trying to get this massive backlog work through to, yeah, my backlog is pretty good, but I am a little bit concerned about the orders, right? And so I cant relate it to specific markets. I am -- its been true in the consumer side. The fact that its picking up, I assume means that theres been some change in the customer sentiment on some level and thats probably a little bit more broad than simply the consumer side of things. But again, I want to emphasize, and again, we dont have a lot of visibility. Its not universal. I mean, we are not facing a sales force and a customer set that has seen a major inflection. Its just the tone of some of the conversations have taken on a little bit more of a cautious tone.
Tommy Moll: Thats helpful. Thanks, Holden. To a more strategic question around Onsites, are we through most of the access issues that you faced at the peak of the pandemic where you can now get the access you need to have those conversations? And then to the extent you are and that we do enter into a recession thats spilled over into the industrial economy, should that accelerate decision making around Onsites, does it put a hold on a lot of those decisions or no impact really?
Dan Florness: To the extent your business is in the Americas or in Europe, access is completely there. To the extent your business is in Asia, particularly China, part of Asia, its very, very restricted. Fortunately, for us, 99% of our revenue is in the areas that access is really good. As far as history has shown when you are really busy, sometimes decision processes slowed down a little bit, because you just dont have the time to change from a strategy standpoint. You dont have time to change that and that can hurt the Onsites. A little bit weaker environment probably helps our ability, because we are bringing, at the end of the day, our Onsite model is about a more efficient model for supply chain and theres a noted cost advantage from the standpoint of, when we are in there, we have the tools to provide the supply chain in a way the customer cant. So, I think, generally speaking, an average or a slower environment is probably a little bit helpful.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. One thing to bear in mind, we just answered a question related to how we have to spend what is a limited amount of energy, right? And how we are looking forward to shifting from spending a lot of energy in playing defense to be able to put a lot of energy into playing offense and its really very similar in our customer set, right? I mean if you have a fairly stable environment, its not that difficult to predict and plan and take on an implementation process that can be fairly involved as you are getting these things set up. If you are in an environment thats cascading -- frankly, either cascading lower or cascading higher and your energy in an organization is being spent on managing those inflections and those significant changes, then your ability to spend a lot of energy on an implementation process becomes a challenge. So that would probably suggest that theres a great case to be made for Onsites when people are trying to be cost conscious and working capital conscious and that certainly is the case in a downturn. But its going to -- it would depend on the magnitude of what you are talking about. I would say in a modest downturn, we probably are in a better position to be able to sell what we do. If you have a dramatic growth or dramatic downturns, I think, that our customers energy can be moved into other things.
Tommy Moll: Very helpful. I appreciate the time and I will turn it back.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So I understand the commentary that fast -- the fastener price/cost drag will narrow over the next few quarters as lower unit costs flow through the P&L. But I guess my question is, how should we think about fastener price into our revenue forecast for next year, is the expectation that price will hold or that price will go down but maybe not to the same level as the cost deflation you are expecting?
Holden Lewis: The -- as you know, we have, I think, 55%, 60% of our business today is national accounts and those are contract pieces of business. Many of those contracts have terms and conditions in it, which when raw material costs go up, we can adjust. When they come down, we need to adjust as well. So as we get to the point where our costs are beginning to reflect less inflation and that sort of thing, then I would fully expect that there are going to be customers that we are going to have to make good on contractual terms and so I think you would see pricing decline in those circumstances. Now bear in mind, of course
Chris Snyder: Right.
Holden Lewis: Bear in mind, of course, that even within contract relationships, theres spot buys and things like that, that arent going to be as reactive to the contract terms. And of course, we do have a significant amount of business that isnt necessarily contract that may not be as responsive either. And so I think there certainly will be cases, I think, our responsibility is to make sure that we reduce price as we see our costs coming down, that will be our goal. And then have the same conversations with our customers that we had on the way out.
Chris Snyder: No. I really appreciate all that color. And then, Holden, to prior commentary you made about, I think you said, unit costs are the price, I guess, you guys are paying from the producers flattened out in August and September, really for the first time since the pandemic. I guess my question is, is that -- are fasteners down and everything else is still kind of inching higher or is it kind of really across the Board cost of finding out. I will ask you again, it just feels like fasteners are a bit different of a cost
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Chris Snyder:  kind of trajectory?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. Theres not a meaningful difference at this stage of the game, whether it be fasteners or other things. Its not -- theres not a meaningful delta between those things. And bear in -- bear something in mind and I think that we are at a point where we are seeing a little bit of a change in the market, but its very early in. We actually are still -- when I talk about how the boats are still filled with products that are expensive from price levels existed months ago, we are still receiving letters from suppliers that are asking for price increases on certain products, because of that FIFO effect on their own supply chains, right? So lets -- its an exciting change I suppose. But we have to see some strength of these trends before we can start thinking about what actions need to be taken.
Dan Florness: Part of it, Chris, stems from what was the ultimate cause of the inflation. If you think of the product, and I will speak to fasteners, but the logic could be true to anything. Theres a cost of the underlying steel. Theres a cost of the energy to convert that underlying steel to the finished product. As you know, that cost of that energy has only gone up and thats not coming down. The next piece is the cost of the human capital, the human resources, to be involved in that endeavor of converting it, of transporting it, of running it through distribution. That has appreciated as well and thats not coming down. Once a cost element there increases, it has incredible sticking power. The third one is the physical cost of moving it. That cost has moderated. I mean it had gone ridiculously high. It has moderated and but I dont see that coming back. And so if you look at those four pieces, theres really one of the four that you can see some -- that you can -- just looking at it mechanically and see, yeah, theres opportunity for that in the future, but the cost of the energy, the cost of the people and the cost to move it.
Chris Snyder: Yeah.
Dan Florness: Those are what they are and they really dont deflate per se.
Chris Snyder: Yeah. No. No. I really appreciate that. That was kind of really the genesis of the question on fasteners. So it just feels like if we look at those cost buckets, the one that is deflating the most is metal, which fasteners are more exposed to them than the other product lines. But I really appreciate all that color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Newman: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Ken Newman: So I just have a follow-up question on the non-res side of the business. I appreciate that the operating strategy for that business maybe a bit different versus prior cycles. But is it fair to assume that the 500 basis points, call it, 565 basis points of price that you took in the quarter, is that equally weighted across all your sort of end markets? I guess I am ultimately trying to get to whether volumes in non-res were down, call it, 4% or 5% in September or is that not really a fair assessment?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. And I guess the frank answer is I dont know the answer to that question. We havent broken down price/cost elements by end market. I just dont have a good answer for you.
Dan Florness: But theres nothing that would lead us out intuitively to say there would be a difference.
Holden Lewis: I mean fasteners are made of the same steel, whether you are selling it into a construction application or manufacturing applications, same underlying raw material, right?
Ken Newman: Right.
Holden Lewis: But whether or not the pricing behavior in those two markets are the same or different, I just dont have a good answer for you on that.
Ken Newman: Okay. And then for my follow-up here, the Onsite and the FMI growth looks pretty solid in the quarter. As you kind of think about past down cycles and just elevated levels of uncertainty, is there a change in how you think about the rate of deceleration in the macro, whether its PMI or year-over-year industrial production versus the rate of change in Onsite signings. Is that different from prior cycles you think, because the value prop is different or would you expect kind of similar versus past cycles?
Dan Florness: Well, if you think about it, historically, we could look at our established business and our business that was coming from new branch openings. I am going back 15 years, 20 years when I make this comment. So you had this constant wave of pushing. But we still sell into a cyclical end market and so where you have a meaningful presence in a market, you get headwind and its how much of that headwind is offset by the things you are doing. And Onsite is a cousin to branch openings from the standpoint of -- I feel better about 2023, the fact that we have signed a whole bunch of Onsites in the first month -- nine months of this year, because the customer activity at our existing branches, at our existing Onsites is going to be impacted by the economic cycle. Thats just the reality. We have a customer thats spending $10,000 with us and it goes to $11,000, it goes to $11,000, if it goes to $9,000, it goes to $9,000. So its how many new customers, how many expanded relationships are you adding? And I take a lot of comfort in the fact that we have a lot of pent-up growth, market share gains in our hopper right now, because of all those Onsites we have signed and because of the vending and the FMI devices that we have signed. It gives you incredible ability to take market share. When we are looking at it internally, we always look at it from the standpoint, okay, heres our growth. How much is the market giving to us and how much are we taking? And the number you are focused on is how much are you taking and what are you doing to take? And then the number thats how much is being given, thats what you use to pull levers to manage your business, because those are things that impact you. The other is things you impact. I hope thats helpful.
Ken Newman: Yeah.
Holden Lewis: And I might, if you think about our value prop, it hasnt changed that much, right? Its always been about getting really well-trained people close to the customer and empowering them to make great decisions to solve customer issues and that has been the proposition. That remains the proposition. The only thing thats changed is the tools we have at our disposal to achieve that have gotten better and more sophisticated in advance. But the value proposition, I dont think has changed. But one thing that does excite me is, as you do go Onsite, as you do put in those bins, not only is there a greater ability to add value through data that I think becomes even more important when people are looking for how to become more efficient themselves, but it also ensures that we always have a reason to be there. That Onsite might be down 20% because of the market, but we are still there every day and we are looking for other opportunities to expand our ability to gain more business. When we are primarily branch-driven, we would have to gain entrance to it. And there might be people that are say, we dont have time right now. We are managing this. And now we are there every day, filling those bins that are part of the Digital Footprint and the vending machines and even Onsite and I think that thats going to thats going to make our ability to gain market share resilient regardless of cycle.
Dan Florness: When you think -- to that end, you think about when we are going through the pandemic, theres a number of reasons why we found success. One, we just have a team thats really good at finding stuff and are really, really focused on quality and so people could buy stuff from us and they knew it was what it was, and they could trust that they were going to get it. But because of our vending footprint, because of all the bin stocks we do, because of all those things that we have been doing for years, to Holdens point about access granted, we were getting into customers facilities. One of the reasons we closed the front door of all of our branches. We didnt want to be the weak link. If this customer is shutting down access to their building but they are letting us in, well, our building becomes an extension of theirs and we shut down access to that, too. And so it puts us in a unique spot of we still get to come in and engage as opposed to being an Internet connection away or a phone call away.
Ken Newman: Very helpful color. Appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and I hope all is well.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Nigel Coe: So at the risk of beating a dead horse here, I do want to go back to the non-res, because thats a topic of interest for a lot of investors here, and I guess, the fact that manufacturing has benefited from the FMI initiatives and the vending Onsites and all that, whereas you clearly stated that non-res is much more around stores, so I think the bifurcation makes sense. But is there anything unusual happening in that non-res category, in terms of, I dont know, projects getting delayed or moving to the right, I dont know, customers buying less, anything unusually to call out there over and above what you just described?
Holden Lewis: I dont think so. But, again, I mean, given some of the things that I described being perhaps a little bit later in the cycle in terms of where we hit our sweet spot in construction, some of the changes I made. I am just not sure we are a great proxy for the overall non-res market trends, right? But when I query the RVPs, nothing particularly special has come out of the discussion around non-res for us.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No. Thats very clear. I just wanted to make sure that was the case. And then when you say preparing for a softer 2023 into the back half of the year perhaps. What does that actually mean? I understand maybe not hiring for growth. But are you actively in the process now of managing down inventories, managing sort of discretionary costs, are we in that phase yet? And any comments you have on 4Q gross margins, Holden, would be appreciated?
Dan Florness: So, Nigel, as far as the -- we are always in the phase of managing down costs. We are always in the phase of looking at everything and rationalizing everything every day and that just keeps us agile and fresh. What it means is sometimes its reminding everybody we have been through -- you think of the last four year, five years. You had -- we were impacted very directly by all the tariffs a few years ago. We along with everybody else on the planet was impacted by COVID. We along with everybody else on the planet were impacted by supply chains being just gnarled up. The only benefit we had was we are better at unsnarling that than anybody else. And part of that, we were willing to do just with hard work. Some of that we were willing to do because we just know a lot of manufacturers, a lot of potential suppliers. And part of it we were willing to do because we were willing to use our balance sheet. You think back to the spring of 2020, I remember some of the POs we were cutting for mass. I sleep really well at night. There were a few nights from I am kind of like, oh, my God. And as we went forward, if its taking an extra 30 days or 60 days to get product in, all of a sudden, we are adding $250 million of inventory, because thats just mathematically what it takes, because at the end of the day, we have a covenant with our customer. We are their supply chain partner. They will get it from us, and they trust us to do that. Now we have been in the process for some months of looking at that and saying, okay, we now can rely on supply chains in a way we couldnt six months, nine months, 12 months ago, so we can start dialing that safety stock down." What you are seeing in cash flow this quarter is just the outcome of that. And so we arent squeezing the balance sheet and squeezing inventory because of what we are thinking for 2023. We are removing layers of safety stock that we had added over the last few years, and we are slowly removing -- you close a bunch of locations and you change your inventory layout. We had a lot of inventory that was positioned around the company, because we had a front room that we slowly are working our way out of and those two things is what gives me confidence on our ability to generate cash flow. The idea of preparing for 2023 is reminding everybody, you know what. This isnt the time we are giving raises. This isnt the time we are adding things that are discretionary. This is the time where we are saying to our field personnel. We have close to 300 Onsites we have signed. We need to staff those. We have locations that are growing we need to staff those. Our head count became disproportionately out of kilter during the last three years, because our recruiting model, a big chunk of the way we recruit is we go into two-year technical colleges and four-year state colleges and we say to young people, come join us, work 15 hours, 20 hours a week. Lets get to know each other. So that when they graduate, they might decide they that industrial distribution is right for them and we might decide they are right for us and thats how we add people. We still havent corrected that mix. And so we are going to be adding people in the field, but its going to be disproportionate to part time and focus to staff our Onsite. And part of, when you are looking at a year like 2023 could be based on the tone out there, you just remind people to what we are about.
Holden Lewis: And with regards to Q4, I will just give you a sense of sort of how I see the moving pieces. Product and customer mix is going to continue to be a drag. Is it the same 40 bps as it was in Q3 or is it 50 bps or whatever? That will be determined by the relative growth of national account versus non-national account and relative growth of the fasteners versus non-fasteners. But I dont necessarily expect that to -- I dont expect that 40 basis points to be less. It could be slightly more. I dont expect the write-down, of course. I dont expect price/cost to get worse. It could get a little bit better, frankly, than what we saw in the third quarter. Seasonal -- from a seasonal standpoint, its not unusual for the fourth quarter to be 30 bps lower than the third quarter and I think that thats reasonable and I think there will be a little bit of a challenge on the organizational expenses. We had -- in some areas, we had some difficult comps are going to come up against the fourth quarter. So run all that math together it is, I think, normally, you would expect seasonality to play through for about 30 bps and I think when you get all those pluses and minuses all blended together, it probably comes in down 20%, down 40% kind of range.
Dan Florness: Yeah. We are
Nigel Coe: Right.
Dan Florness: We are about two minutes to the hour. So I will just share a couple of closing thoughts. One is, Holden talked briefly here about the fourth quarter, but also about some of the expense components that are fixed or that are variable. We are in a position where a lot more of our expenses are variable than we have ever been in for the last 50-plus years of our existence. And that couldnt be more true than what we see today. If you take a step back -- read our proxy, and you will see how people in Fastenal are paid. Theres a lot of incentive comp at the branch level, at the support level, at the distribution level throughout the organization. A piece of thats related to sales and gross profit growth, a piece of thats related to expense management, a piece of that is related to earnings growth. Its no secret that for the year, we will have pretty good earnings growth. And if you think a chunk -- a big chunk of folks are paid off that earnings growth, I think, and I will put it shout out to Dave Manthey, he coined this phrase, I think, 15 years, 18 years ago about the shock absorbers in the Fastenal expense model. Those shock absorbers -- they are fully flexed right now, and what that means is, unfortunately, as an employee, it means you will probably get some contraction in pay, and I am an employee, so that could be unfortunate, the fortune is you had a pretty good 2022. But it puts us in a position to invest to grow the business in the future without cutting any muscle. You -- there are some things that just naturally contract if earnings growth contracts. So it puts us in a great position to do the thing that we have proven for decades we can do quite well and thats to take market share.
Holden Lewis: Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Taylor Ranta of Fastenal Company. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor Ranta Oborski: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2022 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. This call will last for up to 1 hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2022, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness : Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for today's earnings call. Who you choose to surround yourself in life gives you freedom to do a lot of things and to find success with others. And one thing I found on this call is Holden has done such a fine job with sharing with the investment community, particularly the sell-side analyst community, the trends he is seeing in the business that it affords me the opportunity to be a bit more philosophical and talk to our shareholders, but also talk to the employees of Fastenal on this call. I suspect for most people listening to this call, the reason you're looking at our earnings release today and looking at participating in this call is you want to see what breadcrumbs might come out of it as far as where the economy is going. Spoiler alert, we've often said that our visibility to the future is about 8 hours. And most of it comes from what we're hearing from our customer, the anecdotes that come through, what we're seeing in some of the trends in the business. So we get an indicator, and we try to share those as we see them. But we don't have a backlog in a traditional sense. We are a just-in-time supply chain partner to our customers. And things [shine] (ph) through as they occur. So here are some things that have occurred in our business. First off, our travel has expanded. If I look at our travel in the year-to-date and 2022 and ignore for a second 2020 and 2021, our travel is about 12% below where it was in 2019. In the second quarter, our travel is about 18% higher than it was in 2019, and that's measured in dollars. And as you know, for those of you who have bought an airplane ticket recently or done any kind of travel, things have not gotten cheaper. So I suspect that means we're probably still down from 2019, but the expense is up because of the inflation inherent in travel today. But what that means is the most societies have entered into the endemic stage of COVID-19, not all. And what that means, we're finding a new normal, and I'm pleased to say travel is resuming. And that's one of the ways we engage with our customer. Our Fastenal culture is one of -- we trust each other. We work every day to build our own talent pool, and we promote from within. An integral part of that is the idea of human interaction and our ability to teach and learn from each other every day, and it's, frankly, more efficient when you can have in-person conversations. But we have adapted. if you went into a Fastenal branch today versus 2019, you'd see a different branch. You see many locations where we've changed what the front room looks like. You've seen many locations where we either have reduced dollars or we don't have an open front door anymore because we've really morphed into more and more of a supply chain partner and more product that's going out the back door than ever before in markets where we have a larger construction presence or we have a meaningful walk-in business and the local team sees that as their means to serve the market, they might be open. But in many markets, we've changed that format. And it allows us to find success in an era when it's more difficult to hire and because it's a more efficient labor model in our business. I'm also -- the folks that aren't in a branch or on site. Obviously, folks that work in a distribution center or manufacturing division or drive a truck never had the opportunity to work remote. But since the first half of 2021, we've been largely in the office, working in a different fashion than we did 3 years ago, but finding success together. We were able to better engage with our customer. Some of the stuff we're going to talk about on site, et cetera, are a reflection of that. But in April, we held our first in-person customer expo since 2019, and it was a great event. We had great engagement with the customers that were there. We did have to limit some geographies just from the hassle of travel and some of the COVID restrictions. But we found really good successful event that we held back in April. Hiring remains challenging. However, our trends and applications received have improved. In fact, if I use 2019 as the benchmark, in 2020, post-COVID starting, our applications coming in were down close to 40%. In 2021, our applications using 2019 as a benchmark, were down about 36%. In the first 5 months of this year, they're down about 18% from what we saw in 2019. And I'm pleased to say, in the last 3 months, applications coming in every month are about 10% below where they were in 2019. I consider that a huge win and a sign that people are more comfortable and ready to get back to work and to build their career and to build their future. And that's just an element of that in our business. We have effectively managed marketplace disruption. It's made supply chains more expensive than pre-pandemic and elongated. And you're seeing that in -- if you look at our balance sheet, look at our cash flow. First 6 months of this year between a combination of inflation and the fact that it takes longer for products to physically move, we have a deeper supply of inventory, and that supply of inventory is more expensive, and you're seeing that in our balance sheet. And again, you're seeing that in our cash flow as that inventory is building and turning. We're pleased with the fact that we have the balance sheet to withstand that and we can make that covenant with our customer that we are your supply chain partner and we will serve your needs. We did that before COVID, we did that during COVID we're doing that today in whatever stage of COVID you do care to call this. Finally, this is our earnings release. And for the quarter, we grew our sales 18% and our pretax profit grew just under 21%. Demand is generally healthy. But there were some signs of softening in May and June, and we'll delve into that as we go through this call. Onsites. We signed 102 Onsites in the second quarter. We did -- we signed 106 in the first quarter. The last time we signed 100 plus in a quarter, it was back in 2019. I believe it was the first quarter. This is the first time we've ever signed 100 plus in 2 consecutive quarters. And I think there's a number of things going on there. Again, the marketplace sees value in our Onsite model. In an era where it's more difficult to hire and more difficult to manage supply chain, I believe our Onsite model is even a better option for our customer in the marketplace. And I think that's shining through in our signings. Obviously, the fact that we had a customer event in April, while it didn't help the first quarter number, I think it was an element in the second quarter number. And we remain committed to strong signings for second -- for all of 2022. And we see this as a means to take market share faster and a hedge on whatever the economy might do in the months and years to come. FMI Technology continued to have industry-leading signing levels, albeit not maybe at the level we'd like. Our internal goal is always to get that number to 100 per day. And during the quarter, we were at 86, an improvement from what we saw in the first quarter, but not where we'd like it to be. And our aspirations here are very high and that shines through on our expectations. We did, given where we are year-to-date, adjust our expectations for the year. Previously, we had indicated 23,000 to 25,000 signings. We think that number is more in the neighborhood of 21,000 to 23,000, and that's a machine equivalent unit basis. E-commerce continues to grow nicely. It rose 53% in the second quarter of 2022. And our large customer-oriented EDI was up 53%, whereas our web sales were up. And when you combine those 2, e-commerce is about 17.1% of sales in the second quarter. Finally, our digital footprint. We've talked about that in prior calls. It's our ability to manage supply chain more efficiently and illuminate that supply chain for our customers. That increased and was 47.9% of sales in the second quarter, 48% in the month of June. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Thank you, Dan. All right. Starting on Slide 5. Our total and daily sales increased 18% in the second quarter of '22. A stronger dollar reduced growth by 60 basis points, and currency adjusted growth was consistent from the first to the second quarter. In contrast to the first quarter, however, we did experience a softening intraquarter trend in the second. That softening was not particularly deep. And if the level of economic activity that we experienced exiting the second quarter were sustained, we feel good about the rest of the year. I might characterize it through this prism, the percentage of our branches that are growing. 72% in May and June is not as good as 76% in March and April. But on its own, it's pretty good. Nor was the softening that we experienced particularly broad. We experienced it largely in areas that directly touch consumers as well as construction while our core capital goods and commodity-related markets remain strong with healthy backlogs. As we've said before, we experienced demand in real time, and we lack much visibility in how demand will trend through the second half of 2022. Pricing contributed 660 basis points to 690 basis points to growth in the second quarter of 2022, reflecting carryover of broad pricing actions taken over the last 12 months, the timing of opening of contractual windows and tactical SKU-based actions based on supplier actions. Most costs remain elevated but not worsening. As a result, while we expect price levels to be stable in the third quarter of 2022, we expect the contribution to growth to moderate as we begin to grow over the start of more aggressive pricing actions from the third quarter of last year. The supply chain picture is unchanged from the first quarter. Challenges with availability persist, but we and our customers are managing them more effectively. Labor market tension seems to have eased some as reflected in our strong FTE additions in the second quarter of 2022. So disruptions persist, but the chaos surrounding them has receded, resulting in a more predictable business environment. Now to Slide 6. Operating margin in the second quarter of 2022 was 21.6%, up from 21.1% in the second quarter of 2021. Our incremental margin was 24.2%. A couple of trends are at play in the period. First, we saw a moderation in the growth of certain expenses, such as incentive pay, profit sharing and health care costs that are subject to early cycle resets. As expected, this produced improved operating expense leverage. It also contributed to the second trend, which is a further gradual migration toward a pre-pandemic margin profile with a mix-related gross 2022, flat versus the second quarter of 2021. Product margin was modestly down with a wider negative impact from product and customer mix, a slightly lower fastener margin more than offsetting higher non-fastener product margin. This is offset by stronger organizational leverage and sustained strength in volumes absorbed overhead. This absorption slightly exceeded my expectations in the period. The impact of freight on margin was neutral with higher fuel and shipping costs being offset by good leverage related to a 37.5% increase in freight sales. Pricing actions continued to match higher costs, yielding a neutral price cost dynamic in the quarter. We achieved greater operating leverage in the second quarter of 2022 with an operating expense to sales ratio being 40 basis points improved to 25%. We achieved 60 basis points of leverage over occupancy related to a 10% reduction in our traditional branch count and the effect of what has been, to this point, relatively slow expansion of our vending install base. We also achieved modest leverage over total employee expenses. FTE growth continues to lag sales growth and health care expenses were lower, which more than offset an increase in employee incentive payouts and profit-sharing expense growth. Other operating expenses reflected increases in selling-related transportation costs, including fuel and further increases in spending on travel and supplies. Putting it all together, we reported second quarter 2022 earnings per share of $0.50, up 19.7% from $0.42 in the second quarter of 2021. Now turning to Slide 7. We generated $151 million in operating cash in the second quarter of 2022, which is roughly 53% of net income in the period. Traditionally, second quarter conversion rates are low due to the timing of tax payments. As in the first quarter, the current quarter's conversion was below historical norms due to the impact of strong sales growth, supply chain constraints and high inflation on our investment in working capital. We view the lower conversion rate as reflecting our commitment to supporting our customers. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 21.5%. This reflects strong customer demand and an increase in the mix of larger key account customers, which tend to have longer terms than our smaller customers. Inventories were up 25.4% and inflation accounted for half of the total increase, a proportion that continues to moderate as the flow of physical products into our hubs continues, supporting strong product availability and fulfillment rates. The twin disruptions on inflation and supply chain have created an additional level of Despite that, our 161 days on hand in the second quarter of 2022 is more than 10 days below the days on hand in the second quarter of 2019 prior to the pandemic, which reflects increasing and sustainable efficiencies in how we manage our inventories. Net capital spending was $43 million in the second quarter of 2022, up 37.8%. Year-to-date, net capital spending was $76 million, up 24.4% due most significantly to increased spending for FMI equipment and hub automation and upgrades. We continue to anticipate 2022 net capital spending in a range of $180 million to $200 million. However, the combination of slower FMI signings and continued supply chain challenges for transportation and IT equipment suggests there is a downward bias to our net capital spending budget. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $178 million in dividends and $49 million share buyback. While our opportunistic approach to share buyback is unchanged, our Board did approve an 8 million share increase to our authorization, leaving us with 10.2 million shares authorized for repurchase. From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the second quarter of 2022 with debt at 13.7% of total capital, up from 12.3% in the year-ago period and 11.4% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. With that, operator, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Good detail on the release on price and you guys have kind of helped us throughout kind of this inflationary environment. It seems like there was less coming in 2Q. And then I think prospectively, maybe steel starts to flow through the business. How should we think about that, particularly on the fastener piece in terms of not only maybe what the sensitivity on what you guys could see on pricing is, but is there any margin impact as that kind of flows through and you guys recognize lower prices or maybe customers kind of sharpen their pencil a little bit?
Holden Lewis : What I would say is we've been dealing with inflation now for the better part of the year. And we've been managing that through a number of means, but one of those means has been price actions on our own end. And as we've reported each quarter, we've really been able to align the pacing of our price increases with the pacing of our cost increases. And frankly, I don't expect that to change. Our material costs today are fairly stable at a high level with where they've been. And so in the second quarter, we didn't take any additional broad actions. There were certainly some actions around freight. There were certainly actions where we had suppliers put increases into us and things like that. But I view those as being more tactical. We certainly took actions as contract windows opened up. But again, that's part of how we manage the price/cost dynamic is understanding where our costs are coming from and when we'll have opportunities to make adjustments. And I give an enormous amount of credit to the folks who manage our pricing and costing strategies and frankly, the folks in the field that have to execute them because I think they've done a really, really good job of that. When I look forward right now, it feels like it's going to be more of the same. To the extent that we see suppliers putting cost increases into us, first, we'll push back on them. We have a good sense of what's going on with raw materials as well. And depending on how that goes, we might have to push some SKU-specific price increases through. But unless there's some meaningful change in the overall cost environment from where we spent most of the past quarter, I don't anticipate any aggressive actions to have to be taken. Again, we'll see how the environment plays out. I'm just going by what we see today. But I also expect that we'll continue to manage to a neutral price cost. And so I'm not seeing much change in that area. But one change you will see is as we run into Q3, we're going to run against tougher comps. And so I do expect that the percentage growth related to price increases will moderate from where we were in Q2. But again, that doesn't reflect the change in the overall price level. That would be my expectation.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got it. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you guys have been at the branch conversion here for a bit now. Any observation for how that's impacted kind of the traditional retail or branch-facing model? I know that the objective there was to kind of push more of those customers to e-commerce, maybe be willing to lose some of them. But how would you sort of rate how that's gone? And any observations or attrition rates or stuff like that you could share?
Dan Florness: I think part of what we did, obviously, the COVID period pushed everybody to abruptly change what they are doing and I think that the strength you see in our e-commerce sales growing north of 50% is a testament to the marketplace -- I don't know if the marketplace is reacting to what we're doing or we're reacting to what the marketplace is doing. I think it's more of the latter. And -- but buying habits have changed. And you see it in your personal life. What you do today is different than what it would have been 5 years ago. And so as we've moved -- as more and more of our growth comes from the fact we're engaging deeper with customers and they're seeing the ability for us to help them in more ways than maybe they would have 5 and 10 years ago, it changed the footprint we needed. And sometimes when you change your footprint, if all of a sudden you have 5 locations in a market and you go to 3, you will lose some business because you're not close proximity. But most of that is morphing to a different channel. And that was going to happen regardless of our changing footprint. And we think we're doing a nice job keeping a lot of that business as, again, if you look at our increase in web sales because a lot of that business would go to the web sales that's growing at 50%.
Holden Lewis : Yes. I mean I would build on that -- point to the same thing. I mean our - despite the changes that have been made, our growth has been very good and that includes on the e-commerce side.
Dan Florness : And with our local customers.
Holden Lewis : And with our local customers. That's one of the things I was going to say. It's really early to really understand in a concrete fashion where the numbers are all falling. Because obviously, this is something that's come up in the last couple of years. There's a period of time to execute, get comfortable in a certain environment center. But I do believe that at least very early on, I think the growth that we're getting out of our branches relative to the marketplace is a little bit better in this cycle than what we saw last cycle. And I think that, that attributes to a lot of the changes that we're making. But this is a wealth of data that we're going to have to continue to collect and evaluate. But everything coming out of the field anecdotally, and really early indications on the data, I think, are all encouraging.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Manthey from Baird.
David Manthey: Hey, Dan, Holden, good morning. So back in 2009 -- and I know every cycle is different, but through that year, your gross margin dropped about 300 basis points. At the time, you were -- you talked about FIFO and lower rebates and competitive pricing. Can you just discuss what's different today about the business other than the fastener mix, which I think was about 50% back then. And anything else that's changed that would limit that kind of an impact on your P&L?
Dan Florness : Sure. You have a good memory, Dave. And last -- yesterday, we had our Board meeting and I was reflecting on just that element with the Board because we're talking about what could happen in different scenarios, what we're seeing? And if you recall in 2009 -- so in 2008, there was a fair amount of inflation. And nothing like we're seeing today, but there was inflation going on. And when demand fell back, that flip from inflation to deflation. And all of a sudden, what is 6 months' worth of product, if your demand drops off enough, that might turn into 7 or 8 or 9 months' worth of product. And you saw the squeeze that occurred. You also saw a mix shift in your business depending on who's being impacted by it. And then the deleveraging, obviously, of the trucking network -- because if we're driving a truck from Winona, Minnesota to Minneapolis to deliver to branches, and that truck has 10% -- is running full or it's running at 80%, the cost of the truck and the cost of the driver and the cost of the fuel going in, that is what the market is that day and you deleverage that network. Same thing with our distribution. If -- what's different today, the element of deleverage in the trucking network, that's the same. Nothing's changed there. The -- our mix is different. You're right, fastener, 50% of our mix. The -- a fair amount of that is product that most of the fasteners in this country are not produced in this country. And so whether it's us or supply chain partners in North America, most of that's coming from Asia. And if there is deflation going on, there's a squeeze that goes down there that occurs in your turn of inventory. Once you get through that turn of inventory, that issue goes away. Again, the question is how much supply do you have. Those dynamics are in play. The non-fastener piece, a chunk of that, we source domestically, a chunk of that we import. I suspect a chunk of what we buy domestically is imported by somebody else. There will be some of those dynamics going on too. Deflationary environment is not a friend to gross profit in the short term. It wasn't in 2009. It wasn't in the early '90s. It wasn't in the late '90s. And it won't be if something that would happen in today's world.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe : I think I'm going to revisit some of the questions beforehand. Maybe I think what Josh was trying to drive at was the fastener pricing with steel prices coming down. Obviously, steel prices are sub-$1,000 right now. I understand you've got contractual pricing arrangements with some customers on that. So maybe just if you could just address that and how that works and maybe just go from there.
Holden Lewis : Yes. I mean first thing I would challenge, the assumption a little bit about steel pricing being down. It depends on which index you're looking at. I mean we source most of our steel product over in Asia. And so what's relevant to us is sort of what's going on in Taiwan, what's going on in China. At least on the last statistics that were fed to us, those prices are still relatively elevated. So consider first the region. But the -- look, I think that -- I think deflation works the exact same way is inflation, right? When the cost of the raw material goes up, we approach our customers with an increase to defend -- to sort of defend our margin. And when it goes down, our customers approach us with a decrease, and there's a whole bunch of them that have those contractual windows that allow them to do that. As a result, is it possible that you could have negative pricing in your business? Sure. I think we saw that in 2015 and '16. Now consider the pieces, right? I don't believe that we've historically seen negative pricing in our non-fastener mix. And on the fastener side, consider that no more than 1/3 of the value of a fastener is the actual raw material itself. The rest of it is the value-added and the manufacturing, the transportation costs, et cetera, right? And so when you start slicing and dicing, at the end of the day, in 2015, 2016, we probably saw deflation in price of 1% or 2% across the business, right? So please consider the order of magnitude of impact that we're talking about. But I think that the dynamics work the same way, but in reverse if the pricing environment should change. But again, I want to emphasize that's not the environment that we're seeing today. Feel free to speculate anyone on this call is that's going to happen. That's not the environment we're seeing today.
Nigel Coe : Right. Now I mean talking about deflation with the CPI numbers that just came out, it seems a bit academic. But no, it's a wrong discussion. Just on -- just staying on inflation, I think you called out half of the inventory increase is inflation, half is units. So it looks like we've got about 12% inflation in inventory here. Pricing is 6.6, 6.9. Does that mean you need to push more price in the back half of the year to maintain price cost neutrality on products?
Holden Lewis : So the -- I think part of the challenge is how you measure the relative pricing. Remember that when we're talking about pricing running through our revenues, we're looking at reoccurring sales, which is about 40% subset of our total business, right? Now what that means is about 50% of our business is the sale of a product that we didn't sell in the previous period, right? Now the truth is, if we were to have sold the same part last year that we sold this year, we probably would have sold it for less than we did this year, right? And so I believe that there's a -- the reoccurring component of inventory is much higher than the reoccurring component of sales by the nature of our business, and I think that's the difference that you're seeing between the 2. Again, when I look at where we are, if I take out all that nonrecurring and just reoccurring, the dynamic is we're a little bit behind on fasteners and we're sort of in line on everything else. And so no, I don't believe that we're behind, Nigel. I think that we're largely on pace with the level of inflation that we're seeing. And the gap you're talking about is reflecting sort of the different reoccurring sales levels that you see in sales versus inventory.
Dan Florness : There's a premise to the question that I think being missed from the standpoint of the basis for the question. And that is when we have $100 of products sitting on the shelf, let's just say that's our ending inventory. And we're selling product next month, the month after that, we're not exclusively selling product out of our inventory. We're selling product that we're buying that month and selling that month. We're selling product a disproportionate piece of our inventory that's sitting on the shelf is a product that has -- that we've decided over time because of the length of the supply chain and the nature of the supply chain, we're going to stack that ourselves. So if we have a supplier -- a domestic supplier who we're lockstep with, we have a great supply chain relationship capabilities. We don't have 6 months of their product on our shelves. We have 3 weeks. We have 6 weeks. We have 8 weeks of their product and ourselves, depending on what the need is to physically move it in an efficient fashion because your supply chain is different. If that product is coming from halfway around the planet, and in the last 1.5 years, that trip from source to use is less than predictable, that's where our inventory has deepened. So when Holden talks about what percentage of our inventory increase related to inflation and relates to deepening of the quantity, that's disproportionate to inventory that we're sourcing outside the United States, outside of North America. And so that 12% doesn't naturally translate to -- well, that means your inflation and your sale price in the next 6 months has to be up 12% because that's not apples-on-apples. I hope that makes sense, Nigel.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: So I wanted to follow up on Dave's question and just clarify. So relative to 2009, it sounds like the mix is a little bit different, obviously, of your business. But I think you're saying you're going to be just as cyclical and decrementals could still be in the mid-20s if we have weak sales and deflation. Is that a fair statement?
Dan Florness : Well, the point Holden made in a much more artful fashion than I tried to make when I initially answered it was the mix was more acute in 2009 because half our sales were fasteners. And fasteners have different pricing dynamics than non-fasteners. And so the fact that it's 1/3 of our business today would -- it wasn't removed it on that 1/3. But it would diminish it because it's 1/3 of our business rather than 1/2 our business. Does that make sense?
Ryan Merkel : It does.
Holden Lewis : The other thing that I would remember or that I would point out is, in 2009, demand was down 60% in a blink. It's really hard to adjust your cost structure when demand is down 60% in a blink. I would -- maybe things change and maybe we have 2009 comment. I have no idea because we have no visibility, but that seems to be where a lot of questions are coming from. But our decremental -- And one reason '09 is so exceptional is because that's actually the only year in our history that revenue was down. But our decremental is 40% because you can't adjust your cost that structure quickly. I don't believe, unless you believe there's a replay of 2009 coming. I don't believe that 2009 is the right proxy for, let's say, a 2019-style slowdown. I would just give some consideration to the benchmark you're using now.
Dan Florness : Before everybody on the call walks over -- and this is to everybody. For everybody walks on the call, walks over to the closest window and decides to leave. When I talk to our regional leaders, when I talk to our national comp sales leaders and I get the tone of what they are seeing from their customers, I don't think there's a customer they talk to that doesn't have as strong a backlog as they've ever had in their business. Now backlogs are funny. Backlogs can evaporate in an environment. But there's a lot of -- if you think about what you see, we were down -- our transportation folks were at the rail yards in Chicago recently, really trying to -- we're always trying to figure out ways to streamline our supply chain. And the amount of containers of product that retailers have sitting there that they're paying for storage is massive. And so there's a lot of those kinds of things we're hearing about. But when I talk to our manufacturing customer base and our construction customer base, folks, the proverbial canary in the coal mine, and I'll use a term from one of our directors yesterday, is projects don't get canceled, but they get delayed when things get softer. But there's a lot of pent-up demand because a lot of manufacturers have stuff that's sitting there ready to be finished, but they're waiting for components. One of the components they're not waiting for -- is the OEM fasteners. One of the components they're not waiting for is the stuff that fast to supply them. So when that widget can be assembled or can the assembly can be finished, we're there to serve that need. And so we're in a different spot than a lot of suppliers going into that. But Holden's point is dead on. I still remember from -- I believe from October to January, our business dropped off about 18%. And then we dropped off 5 percentage points a month of actual business level. So we were down -- we werent 60 Holden, we were down about 33. But -- and then it started to shallow in the spring. But his point is dead on that, that's a complete different scenario than what we're talking about from the standpoint of the demand need and the backlog in the marketplace downstream from us.
Ryan Merkel : Got it. That's helpful. And then my second question and the premise to this question is the worry about inflation to deflation and probably better for Holden. So I think, Holden, that price inflation that you report reflects about 40% of sales. I think that's what you've said. So the question is, what is the risk that inflation and the other 60% that's hard to measure has been more helpful to sales and gross margins than we appreciate?
Holden Lewis : Well, again, I believe that if we had bought a widget in both periods, it would be inflated this year compared to where it was last year. I think that goes out saying. But I mean that's why if you look at fastener inflation, throw out the 60% where there's no offsetting sales year-over-year to a similar customer. But faster inflation exceeds 25%. It has over the past couple of quarters because of what's happened with the price of steel cost of transporting internationally, et cetera. If I look at non-fasteners, it's been close to 10%, right? So I mean that's the level of inflation that we've been seeing in the marketplace. Hopefully, that gives some color. I'm not sure what else you're referring to.
Ryan Merkel : Yes. No, it's helpful. I just -- if it's hard to measure roughly 60% of sales on inflation, I was just worried that potential inflation is helping more than we can appreciate since we can't really see.
Holden Lewis : As I said, for every widget that we sell this quarter for which there's no comparable sale to the prior quarter, I'm pretty certain that we probably got more for it this quarter than we would have a year ago had we sold it. I think that there's -- if we didn't sell it last period, I also think we probably gained some share or gain some products something like that. I don't think we sold lose sight of that fact. But yes, without a doubt, most of the stuff we're buying this year probably we're getting more for it than we would have a year ago.
Dan Florness : The piece you're not factoring into this is there's numerous examples of where the customer was willing to shift what they were buying. And so for example, we have our own exclusive brands. There are examples where hey, widget A has gone up 10%. Widget B has gone up 10%, too. However, that 10% increase is less -- is only 1.5 points above what you were spending on widget A in the past. And so to think these measurements are funny at not measuring things like that to shift because our exclusive brands as a percentage of business, our preferred suppliers as a percentage of business has grown faster than our overall business. And so not all of that inflation shines through in the terms of pure growth. Because when substitution comes into play, what you're selling is more expensive than it would have been a year ago, but it's only nominally more expensive than what the alternative was because it's kind of like going to grocery store and you're buying a different brand than you were buying a year ago. Both brands might be up 5% or 10%. But you might be spending the same as you were spending a year ago because you're buying a different brand.
Holden Lewis : And I would point out, and again, ultimately, price/cost gets reflected in some way, shape or form in your gross margin. And again, our gross margin has been fairly stable. So I don't believe that there's a bunch of inflation out there that we're not seeing and we're not accounting for. Because if that were the case, it would be reflected in our gross margin. I think the actions that we've taken are capturing the order of magnitude of increase that we've seen.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.
Hamzah Mazari : My first question was just around the Onsite business. You mentioned, clearly, it's a good solution for some of the supply chain issues you're seeing. Do you view there to be structurally higher demand for Onsite in kind of a post-COVID world post-pandemic relative to your kind of expectations pre-pandemic? And kind of has the time line in terms of implementing a new Onsite the ramp changed at all with some of the labor availability issues? I know you mentioned you had pretty good hiring in Q2.
Dan Florness : Yes. Structural is a funny word. It -- I believe there is a structural change in demand. COVID -- I mean, COVID-19 hiring environment is part of it. I think awareness part of it, too. If you go back 15 years ago, there wasn't a structural demand for vending in industrial world, industrial distribution. It didn't exist. It was a one-off novelty that had been around for 20 years, but it really didn't have a presence. Even internally, when we first started talking about it, most -- a lot of reaction was we want to put what in a stack machine? And it's a better means to distribute that type of product. And we've expanded that footprint now into our FASTBin offering, our FASTStock offering. And what's changed is our awareness of the solution, but as of equal importance, the customers' awareness of the solution. The one thing that is nice about an event like our customers show is customers get to come to that event, and they see firsthand examples. They talk to other customers that are doing it. And all of a sudden, the awareness changed of what the Onsite is about Fastenal model. Because there's other Onsite models out there, implant models out there, but they learned about what it is in the Fastenal supply chain armed with all of our FMI technology of why it's a great solution. I believe structurally, there's a better environment for it, and that's why we're signing 100 versus 80 or 85 or 90, if I go back even prepandemic. That's enhanced by the fact that maybe some folks look at that as, "Geez, it's really difficult to hire, especially for an expertise that isn't inherent in my business." We make widgets. We don't source product. And so it's an expertise and a hiring element. Don't lose sight of the fact that it's worked for us to add those people, too. And so sometimes the limiting factor to how fast it ramps up is our ability to staff it with a talented team and our customers' ability to make change in their business and willingness to make change. But the premise of your question is, structurally, there are a better environment today than there would have been in the past? Yes. Part of that's COVID. Part of that is a hiring environment. But I think the most important element is awareness. And that gives us sustainability past the next 6 to 12 months. That gives us sustainability for years into the future because it's a thing.
Holden Lewis : Bit of color I might add to that, probably over the last 3 to 5 months, which kind of coincides with where I think ourselves and our customer base begin to sort of adapt to the current setting. But over the last 3 to 5 months, a lot of the feedback that's come back from the Regional Vice Presidents in their commentary to me that they give me each month, each quarter, there's been many of them that have said that the lessons that were learned from the period you just came out of was that -- our customers are not supply chain managers, and they're looking for someone to bring that expertise into them. And so to Dan's point about structural, I think that this laid bare how difficult managing your supply chain can be. On top of that, supply chains have just gotten more expensive in the current environment. And I think that our customers are looking for more assistance in that, and I think they're conveying that to the to the field sales force based on the commentary that I'm getting back. So just some anecdotal support for that.
Hamzah Mazari : Got it. Very helpful. My follow-up question, I'll turn it over, is just -- I think maybe it was asked a few quarters ago, but anything you're hearing from your customers on reshoring manufacturing capacity back to the U.S. domestically? Is it more anecdotal? Or are you sort of seeing any data points suggesting that that's beginning or happened or happening?
Dan Florness : Yes. I mean what I'll tell you is I haven't received any concrete commentary from people saying, "Oh, all these plants are coming back." Yes. So I've never seen any anecdotes to support the idea that onshoring is or isn't happening. But I'll tell you that in my view, I think that that's sort of a long cycle thing that we're going to look back 10 years from now and say it happened or it didn't happen. I don't know how you identify that in a given quarter or frankly, even a given year that, that trend is in place. But I've not received any specific feedback from the field suggesting that that's driving our business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens.
Tommy Moll : I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on the softening demand trends that you called out. And I'm thinking about it in a couple of ways. First, just if you can walk us through the quarter. And Holden, you referenced the exit rate and what that might imply for the remainder of the year? And then the second way I'm thinking about it is you made a comment, I believe it was Holden, around the weakness or softening. We can say largely centering around consumer/construction end markets. So any end market commentary would be helpful as well.
Dan Florness : Yes. I'm taking the last first. Getting down to specific end markets can be a challenge. The message that I'm conveying is, again, based on the feedback from the RVPs where they talk about seeing some softening, it winds up being things like automotive, recreational vehicles, right, things like that, that tend to have a more direct connection to the consumer. When we start talking about things around commodities like oil and gas or things around capital goods like agriculture, the feedback is still pretty positive there. No real sense that there's been any slowing in demand and no sense that backlogs are anything other than strong. And so that's kind of the split. So it's difficult for me to give a lot of color from -- in terms of an SIC code sort of perspective. But just in terms of the anecdotes come from the field, that seems to be the direction that they're pushing us. Where you touch the consumer directly, it's a challenge. Where you don't, it's still strong. And that's why I said the softening we saw during the period, it's not broad and it's not deep. But it was a bit of a change. And to your -- to the first question or maybe part A of the first question. We didn't finish June as strong as we started it. That's different from what we experienced in March. We finished March stronger than we started it. Two out of the 3 months of the quarter, including June, we did not achieve the sequential norm that you would normally expect to see, right? I mean those are sort of the elements that we're talking about. Now when I talk about if the exit rate were to be sustained, we feel pretty good about it. You can run the math yourself, right? I mean I'm simply taking where we finished in June and I'm running the sequentials out the rest of the year. And it tells me that we would grow if nothing else changed based on where we exited June. And we can feel pretty good about that rate of growth. But that's how I tend to think about it.
Tommy Moll : That's helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to shift to hiring. Dan, it sounds like the conditions remain challenging, but I believe you said the trends on applications have improved. I just wondering if that might be driven by softening and hiring elsewhere? And you may not have a ton of visibility on that, but I'd be curious if you had any thoughts. And to the extent we do enter a period a recession period, can you just refresh us on the philosophy on how you manage hiring and leverage and/or deleverage on employee-related expenses in that kind of environment?
Dan Florness : Yes. What's really changed in our hiring -- and it's more about our hiring in the field than it would be in our hiring and distribution or hiring in some of the support areas or in transportation. Our model for hiring is we have relationships that we've nurtured over the years with 4-year state colleges, 2-year technical colleges that are in the proximity of our network. And so if I'm in Northern Wisconsin, for example, we're recruiting from University of Wisconsin- Eau Claire, University of Wisconsin-Stout, which is in Menomonie, Wisconsin. We're going to UW-River Falls. We're going to the -- I believe it's West Central Technical College. And we have relationships there. Well, if you think of what happened in 2020, all these kids went home and moved in with mom and dad and were doing college and tech school remotely. Unless it was a trade that they were learning that required hands on, but they were doing it remotely. And the 2020 to 2021 school year was, well, we're remote some of the time and we're in some of the time, and it was a chaotic environment, and some people just sit out of heck, I'm going to stay remote because I can. The current school year that ended that started last fall in '21 and through 2022, it was -- pretty much everybody was in class. And so I think what really changed in 2022 for us that move the numbers was all of a sudden, this young person who's going to college somewhere or going to a tech college somewhere, they're now 6 months into, hey, I'm a college -- they haven't kicked me out and sent me home to my parents. I need a job. And so we're finding those people, and they're applying for jobs we're posting. I think that's what's really moved the needle because we haven't seen the needle move as well in our distribution centers. I wish we would. We haven't seen it move as well in our transportation. I wish it would. But same thing with manufacturing. But I think that's what's driving it more than people not -- hiring somewhere else has changed. I think the availability of talent has improved or the willingness of talent to work has improved more so than the opportunities have dropped off because there's still a lot of -- it's a rare business that you go to today that has enough people. And typically, when I go out to eat, I call the restaurant first because I don't know if they're open. Because in this environment, there's a lot of times business is shut down on different days of the week because it just doesn't -- if they only have 300 hours of work or 1,000 hours of work this week, they're going to put it in the point that it's most useful for the employee and for the employer and their market. And I think that's what's driving it more than anything.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Snyder from UBS.
Chris Snyder : My first question is on Onsite and specifically, the lag between signings and activations. So the first half of the year, you guys signed 208 but only activated 138. Can you maybe talk about the typical lag? Has that been impacted by tight labor market so far in 2022? And any expectations for activations into the back half?
Dan Florness : Yes. It's not unusual for activations to occur somewhere between 3 months and 6 months is probably sort of the gap in which that traditionally occurs. There absolutely is a period of time where those signings have to bleed in. Do we believe that labor has played some role in the slowness? Yes, yes, we do. Hopefully, that's beginning to resolve itself to some degree. I will note we had a lot of implementations in the second quarter. Even so, we had a lot of signings so we grew the backlog again. And we do, in fact, have a record backlog of implementations to do. And so we feel pretty good about the degree to which the number of signings that we have, the backlog that we have in place, the degree to which that's either a bit of a hedge against any sort of downturn that plays out or an accelerant if one doesn't play over the back half of this year and into next year, we feel really good about that.
Chris Snyder : I appreciate that. So I guess just kind of following up on the potential tailwind, whether it's into a slowing macro or not a slowing macro tailwind either way. You guys have spoken in the past about a $1 million target for Onsite revenue. Is there any color you could provide on the ramp, how long it could take to get to something like that? Maybe any color on what an Onsite typically kind of comes out at just kind of how we can think about that or try to quantify that sale?
Dan Florness : Yes. Well, the $1 million you're talking about has been -- a lot of times we use the example of a $30,000 a month customer. We think we can add $80,000 to $100,000 of incremental business and grow that to $110,000, $120,000, $130,000, $140,000 relationship, and that 80,000 increment is at least $1 million layer on top. To the point when you get it when you're turning it on, I think we're getting better at turning on Onsites every day. So that enhances our ability to drive that quicker. But it's still going to be dependent on the circumstances. And so I think the layering event of numbers that we've historically shared, I think that's still as good a proxy as anything above what to expect.
Dan Florness : And I see we're at 10:00 Central Time. I probably shouldn't have taken that last question. We're running out of time. But Chris, if you have a follow-up, feel free to give me or Holden a call. And for everybody else, thank you again for participating in the call today and hope you have a successful Q3 and the rest of the year.
Holden Lewis : Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Fastenal First Quarter 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen Stolts, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2022 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2022, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the Company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our Q1 earnings call. Before I start, I thought I'd just share a few tidbits from a conversation I had this morning with our regional business unit leaders, our regional vice presidents and our VPs of the business. And I started that by sharing last evening or late yesterday afternoon, my wife and daughter returned from a week long band trip to Florida, marching band. And as with most high school trips, it involved a 26, well, if you're coming from Winona that is, it involved a 26-hour bus ride down last Wednesday and a 26-hour bus ride back. And I saw a bunch of haggard kids and a handful of haggard adults to get off the bus yesterday about 4:00. And when we got home that evening, I was watching the video, I don't like to watch myself on video, but it's a necessary evil to make sure you present as good a message you can and present it in a style that isn't too painful to watch. And my wife commented on it, and I think she probably was commenting partly, in fact, she was kind of tired from the bus ride. She thought it was a pretty under-inspiring video. And she had no problem telling me that. And she said, for the last two years, you come home, you talk about things that people are doing at Fastenal, things you see from the leaders and everybody within the organization and how impressed you are. And in your video, you just had a great quarter and your video doesn't speak to that at all. It sounds like you're in the middle of COVID, it's kind of disappointing. And after brushing my pride off, I got in this morning and I led our regional -- our leadership now, just how damn proud I am of the quarter they just put out. But more important than that of what they've done in the last two years and all the hard work as we transition from tariffs to COVID and worrying about our own human safety and the safety of others to the surge in demand for products, that pivoted into a supply chain globally that completely fell apart and how did we manage through that to support our customers and their needs, and more recently, managing through the chaos that is inflation. Frankly, the first bullet on the flip book says that has the statement good execution, there's a typo there. That should say great execution. I think the Fastenal Blue Team did an unbelievable job in the last two years, and I think that extended into this quarter, and I'm really proud to be associated with them. Even yesterday in our Audit Committee call, we were picking on Holden a little bit, but he's been kind of crabby lately. And it's kind of refreshing you have a really good quarter and your CFO was kind of crabby and he was talking about our cash flow. And he wasn't pleased with it, and I said to him, I said, Holden, take a look at the last six years, and look at our growth and look at what our operating cash flow to earnings was in our strongest year, I think it was at 93%. I think that was first quarter of 2018 might have been '17, and it costs money to grow a distribution business, and that money is spent in working capital. And that gets amplified when you have heavy inflation like we're seeing right now. So I'm glad you're irritated and irritable. I can't imagine being right now when you come home from work. But thanks to what you're doing, but don't be too hard on everybody. So flipping to the book here. The net sales grew 20.3% in the first quarter. Our pretax profit grew 28%. There was some amplifying effects. Last year's weather in the Texas and Oklahoma area in February hurt our sales hurt the economy, quite frankly. And then we had a mass write-down. And -- but adjusting for those, this is our strongest top and bottom line growth that we've experienced in a decade. It's really been since we were recovering from the '08, '09 in the 2011, 2012 time frame that we saw the growth that we're seeing right now, so really pleased with the performance. And in the last two years, so since the pandemic started, we've put in a lot of energy to deploy technologies and strategies to just improve our efficiency. And that served us really well because the environment has restrained our ability to add labor, add energy into the organization, but it hasn't hurt our ability to grow sales and also to continue the branch consolidation process that we started six, seven, eight years ago, so very strong performance there. The supply chains in markets remain tight. However, conditions have stabilized. We're getting more products on the shelf to support the needs, which makes the business less chaotic. And we are seeing an uptick in applications coming in. And I'm hearing it mostly anecdotally from our regional leaders, but they're seeing more and more people willing to come back and do the workforce and apply for jobs. Part of that is probably a function of our number one recruiting area is four-year state colleges and two-year tech colleges as they have come back in full force, that group of people are looking for opportunities for their future. Our international business reached a milestone. In the month of March, we broke -- we exceeded $100 million in sales for the first time. And next week marks two steps towards normalcy in our world. One is our customer expo, our selling event is returning to an in-person format after two years of not occurring in person. And that will be Tuesday, Wednesday next week. And then next Saturday, we'll hold our annual meeting in person after two years of the sanitized video or on air version, which is, frankly, less than satisfying in a community like this where we get a good local turnout at the event. Flipping to Page 4 of the book to comparison to the 2020 to 2022 period, and this will be the last quarter that we put this table in because, obviously, as we exit this quarter and enter the new quarter, our two-year comparison falls square into the COVID period, so it becomes less than meaningful. But we thought we'd continue it as we've done the last three quarters. I think the only thing that should jump out on here is at least jumps out for me is the fact that our operating and administrative expenses have dropped from 26.7% of sales two years ago to 25.5% of sales today, as we've worked to make the organization more efficient. And I am really probably we were able to accomplish this during the distraction of the last two years. One item that's probably a little bit misleading in here, it shows our gross profit is actually flat in that two-year period. It's actually down slightly. January and February of 2020 were a bit higher. And as we entered the COVID period in March of 2020, we started selling bulk quantities of masks and things like that at a lower margin and it actually pulled our margin down to 46.6%, just trying to express full disclosure there. Flipping to Page 5. When people get more confident of where we are today and there's less chaos in the world, and you're more comfortable engaging with others, we always felt that our growth drivers would see an uptick and we had to just get through this COVID period. Well, our Onsite saw that uptick. We signed 106 in the quarter, finishing with 1,440. So, we're up 12% from the number of active sites we had a year ago. And we continue to do the healthy business thing, and that is, just like we've done with our branches over the last decade, you challenge every business unit is that Onsite performing to what you need it to be for both our customer and for us. Sometimes, we run into situations where we take a customer that was doing $25,000 or $30,000 a month of sales in a branch and we double that, and maybe we even triple that. But we get to the point where we kind of get stuck at a number, let's say it's $70,000, $80,000 a month. We always have to evaluate what is the best solution there for the customer and for our ability to serve that business. And sometimes it's pulling it back into the brand. Sometimes it's the case, the customer runs out of space for us. Sometimes, and we've seen this in the last six months, particularly, we have some customers that are consolidating some of their operations, and we've had a few on-sites that have closed but we pick it up somewhere else or consolidates was an on-site we have somewhere else. And -- but we think it's a great business, and we're really pleased at what we saw in the first quarter with signings, and we're excited about that customer event next week and what it means to keep this thing going. FMI Technology, it's about bringing better visualization and service ability to the point of use. It started with bending a decade plus ago, and we've expanded with a bunch of other technologies. A year ago, we were signing 74-a day. This quarter, we signed 83 a day. We ended the quarter stronger than we started the quarter. And for Onsite and for FMI, our plans -- our goals the year remain unchanged. So, the FMI Technology now represents 35.5% of sales. A year ago, it was 28.7%; and two years ago, it was 26.4%. We're going to keep driving that. E-commerce, 55.6% growth in the first quarter of '22. And like our international group, our e-commerce team also hit a milestone. In March, we exceeded $100 million in revenue for the first time. It's not too many years ago, I think it was 2011, when we pointed out the fact that international was now 10% of the Company but still a relatively small piece. And e-commerce was something we dabbled in, but it really wasn't a thing. Times have changed in the last decade and now both of them are $100 million month businesses. Finally, if you roll up our FMI Technology in our e-commerce, we talk about our digital footprint. We hit 47% of sales in the quarter, 39.1% a year ago, 34.9% two years ago. Our goal is to hit 55% of sales at some point later in the year. And we still believe that long term, that has the potential to be 85% of sales, and we're gearing our supply chain and have been gearing our supply chains to support that kind of business in the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. So I'll be starting on Slide 6. Total sales increased 20.3% in the first quarter of 2022. If you adjust for the extra selling day in the period, sales increased by 18.4%, both periods were impacted by adverse weather and the net effect contributed 50 to 100 basis points to the growth in the period. I'm not going to recite all the numbers that are on this page because we basically experienced consistent growth across all major product categories, our large and our small customers in most end markets. The main exception to this, broad-based strengths were government customers, which fell 6.2% year-over-year, but I would point out that they were up nearly 50% from pre-pandemic levels. And I think that really reflects sustained share gains across that customer set. So as always, our business does not carry a lot of forward visibility, but our field sales force continues to maintain a very positive outlook about their markets. Pricing contributed 580 to 610 basis points to growth in the first quarter of 2022, reflecting actions taken over the last nine months to offset inflation. Input costs have mostly stabilized at high levels with a few notable exceptions. For instance, higher nickel prices will flow through to stainless steel fasteners while higher oil prices will affect the cost of fuel for our captive vehicle fleet and the cost of overseas shipping services. As described on this page, this is -- these are relatively smaller pieces of our business, which we believe we can address through targeted pricing on stainless steel fasteners and surcharges for transportation-related increases. Price contribution should remain high in the second quarter of 2022 before running into tougher comparisons in the second half of 2022. The last thing I'll say about the marketplace is. It is still grappling with supply chain and labor constraints as well as high prices for inputs and products. What is changing is we and our customers are more effectively managing this environment. This is reflected in a higher growth driver signings and improving internal supply chain and relatively strong FTE additions in February and March. So while these disruptions persist, the chaos surrounding them has receded, resulting in a more predictable business environment. Now to Slide 7. Operating margin in the first quarter of 2022 was 21%, up from 19.8% in the first quarter of 2021 and good for an incremental margin of 27.1%. While the absence of last year's write-down of masks favorably impacted the year-over-year compare, even adjusting for this, our incremental margin was a solid 24.4%. Gross margin was 46.6% in the first quarter of 2022, up 120 basis points versus the first quarter of 2021. Half of this increase relates to the absence of last year's mask write-down. The next largest contributor was safety product margin, which increased significantly even excluding the effect of the write-down. In the year earlier period, we were still supplying COVID-related supplies to key customers under supply commitments that we had entered into at the start of the pandemic, which had lower margins. Those commitments have since expired and COVID-related product margins have returned to pre-pandemic levels. A smaller contributor was a narrower loss on freight service to our branches as strong daily sales growth and freight sales of 37% provided improved cost leverage. Our price/cost remained largely neutral to gross margin in the and customer mix was a roughly 10 basis points negative impact to gross margin with a drag produced by strong Onsite and national account sales having a slightly greater impact than the positive effect of favorable fastener mix. Our operating leverage was modest in the first quarter of 2022, with an operating expense to sales ratio being 10 basis points better at 25.5%. We achieved 60 basis points of leverage over occupancy expenses related to a 10% reduction in our traditional branch count and the effect of what has been to this point, relatively slow expansion of our vending installed base. We also achieved good leverage over employee base pay. While we are encouraged by the February and March growth in our FTE employee base, the tight labor market continues to produce FTE growth that is lagging sales. These areas were mostly offset by strong employee incentive payouts, higher profit-sharing expenses, higher health care costs, higher travel expenses and, to a lesser degree, rising fuel costs. If you put it all together, we reported first quarter 2022 EPS of $0.47, up 27.8% from $0.37 in the first quarter of 2021. Now turning to Slide 8. We generated $230 million in operating cash in the first quarter of 2022, which is roughly 85% of our net income in the period. Traditionally, first quarter conversion rates exceed net income. However, a combination of robust customer demand, supply chain constraints, and high inflation put a premium on product availability and investment working capital. As a result, we view the lower conversion rate as reflecting our commitment to supporting our customers. As supply chain constraints and inflation rates ease, we expect to see improved conversion rates as we go through the year. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 25.9%. This reflects strong customer demand and an increase in the mix of traditional manufacturing and construction customers, which tend to have longer terms versus the prior year period. Inventories were up 22.6%. Inflation accounted for roughly 2/3 of the total increase. That's significant, but it is a decline from the fourth quarter of 2021 when inflation accounted for roughly 80% of the rising inventory and that is the result of an accelerating flow of physical products in to our hubs, which is improving product availability and fulfillment rates. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2022 was $33 million, up from $30 million in the first quarter of 2021, with increased spending for FMI equipment, hub automation and upgrades and IT equipment. Quarterly capital spending level should pick up through the balance of the year as vehicle availability improves and hub projects advance. As a result, we continue to anticipate 2022 net capital spending in a range of $180 million to $200 million, which is unchanged from the prior quarter. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $178 million in dividends. And from a liquidity standpoint, we finished the first quarter of 2022 with debt at 10.4% of total capital, down from 12.7% in the year ago period and 11.4% versus the fourth quarter 2021. Our revolver remains available for use. With that, operator, we'll turn it over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Chris Snyder from UBS. You line is now live.
Chris Snyder: Congratulations on the strong quarter. My question is on price cost going forward. The Company noted that I think the price costs are high but stable and they're seeing inflation on a select few product lines where it seems like there's opportunity for incremental pricing. So I guess my question is. Should we assume relatively unchanged price cost over the rest of '22 relative to Q1 levels?
Holden Lewis: We continue to assume that we're going to be price cost neutral over the course of the year. If your question is, what is the level of pricing we expected? Bear in mind, that, to some degree, as we move into Q2, but particularly as we get into Q3 and Q4, we're going to begin to comp against much higher pricing from a year-over-year standpoint. And so I think my expectation is that we will still be north of 5% on price in the second quarter, but that you'll begin to see that pricing contribution drop fairly sharply in the Q3 and Q4 period, as our own pricing actions remain fairly stable and runs into last year's tougher comparisons.
Chris Snyder: I appreciate that. And then for the follow-up, I wanted to ask around the Onsite model into a potential macro slowdown. I know the Company has spoken to Onsite revenue targets per location. I was just wondering, is there any sort of volume commitments that accompany these Onsite agreements that can maybe give the Company a naturally higher wallet share of customer spend as their activity declines?
Dan Florness: When we sign an Onsite, we will have discussions about targets for that facility. And based on the customers' information about their spend, our information about their spend and sometimes you can do some napkin calculations based on how many employees are there, what types of activities, OEM faster demand, et cetera. There isn't a hard and fast rule that says, hey, you need to be at this number. But it's really about -- it's a partnership. And that partnership says, let's work together to grow the footprint. What I often see when I visit Onsite is that I find a very motivated customer to add wallet share to Fastenal because what does an Onsite represent to them? It represents Fastenal putting personnel and inventory into their business to support their business, which frees up their need to add personnel, frees up their need to add working capital. So it's a great program for our customer and it's a way for them to have resources. Resources that we normally would have had working in a branch now are bringing product right to the point of use or doing different things in actively managing and it frees up resources for them. That's ultimately what gives us our footprint. It isn't a contractual obligation that says you must do this or else, same thing with our vending program and our onset program. What we say to the customers, this is what it's about, and we're not going to hold you to a contract. But if you demonstrate that you don't -- six months into it that you really aren't brought into it, we reserve the right to take our ball and go home. And that's what drives the wallet share ultimately of the business.
Holden Lewis: So Chris, I don't believe the Onsite model necessarily diminishes our cyclicality. I mean we do have a tamp down cyclicality versus any industrial with our MRO exposure and that sort of thing. But I don't think the Onsite does anything in that regard. But the Onsite is a great platform, as Dan indicated, to gain market share whether we're in a period where we're growing or a period where the marketplace is contracting. We can gain market share in either environment, but we'll still maintain a cyclical profile.
Dan Florness: I'll add to that. We have relatively low market share. We're always growing. It's just that sometimes it doesn't shine through in the numbers because there's a lot of headwinds.
Operator: Next question is coming from David Manthey from Baird. Your line is now live.
David Manthey: First off, could you discuss your expectations for FTE growth needed to fuel revenue growth this year? And then, Dan, maybe long-term expectations for labor requirements versus historical trends, especially in light of these automation tools that you've deployed and you will continue to deploy across the Company, and that's both customer-facing and internal type technologies.
Dan Florness: I hesitate to throw out a percentage only from the standpoint of what we've seen a tick up in applications. We still are operating quite frankly, with fewer employees than we'd like to see. Even if you look at -- if I was going to peak through the quarter and point out some positives, some negatives, one negative that would jump out is, we didn't implement as many of the Onsites as I'd like to have seen in the first quarter. And I know part of that holdback, sometimes it's just the transition process, but sometimes it's a case of do we have the staffing. And because when we have the individual ready to step into that new Onsite, but we have an individual back in the branch, ready to step into their spot in the branch. And that will -- we add, let's say, we signed and add 100 Onsites a quarter that pulls employees with it. And we need to have -- I said I wasn't going to say percentages. We need to have better than low single-digit percentage growth in that environment when our sales are growing double digit and beyond. And -- but we'll see how that plays out as we move into the second and third quarter.
Holden Lewis: And one nuance about that, Dave, is we tend to look at it less about the FTE and more about what the total labor dollars that we commit. And when we talk about being more productive with labor, we tend to think about are we driving more gross profit dollars for every dollar of labor that we produce in our business. And that's how we tend to think about it. And to Dan's point, I'm not sure that we have an exact percentage that we would communicate here managed very well by the field. But I think that as an organization, we understand that the growth in our labor dollars on our pathway from where we are today, that $10 billion company and beyond has to come with labor dollars growing at a slower rate than gross profit dollars. And as an organization, I think, pretty uniform in that objective.
David Manthey: Yes, thanks, Holden. And maybe we could drill down on that a little bit because in the first quarter, I know it's just one quarter, but OpEx growth and revenue growth were pretty identical at 20% and you did have this 6% price. So SG&A growth kind of outpaced a bit. And the question is, should we assume that based on what you just said that despite the fact that in the generalized inflationary environment, your cost stack is going to be elevated, as we go forward here, you should see better leverage on your OpEx in future quarters?
Holden Lewis: That is the expectation. And here's how I think the setup plays for the rest of the year. If I think about incentive pay, for instance, in the first quarter, it was up about 60% versus the prior year. Again, that's a great thing to be able to talk about because it reflects the performance of the business. I just don't believe that you're going to see that rate of growth as you move into the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, partly because of the comps from the prior year, where we really begin to ramp in terms of our performance in the back half of last year coming out of the pandemic. And so I wouldn't be surprised if the rate of growth in incentive pay you get those comps is half in Q2 what it was in Q1, for instance. And I think you have very similar dynamics with health care costs and general insurance costs where the drag that they contributed in Q1, I don't think you're going to see anywhere near that same order of magnitude of drag as you get into Q2, Q3, Q4. Travel and supplies, something which really sort of came down as the pandemic settled in, that was up 50% in the first quarter. I think that's going to be up less than 20% in the second quarter. It could be flat in the back half. So I think a lot of the lack of leverage that you saw in the first quarter reflects on some levels, the comparison versus the prior year. And as we go into the balance of this year and second quarter, third quarter, our volumes should be higher just seasonally, I don't think you're going to have the same degree of cost drag in a lot of areas that we experienced in the first quarter. So my expectation is that for the balance of the year, we're going to leverage SG&A. Occupancy, I think, will continue to leverage based on what we're doing on sort of the branch strategies and things of that nature. So yes, my expectation is we leverage SG&A in the balance of the year.
Dan Florness: Dave, I'll just throw this tidbit in. In prior conversations, you've talked about the shock absorbers in our operating expenses. If you think of what happened a year ago because I talked about some of the amplifying effects earlier that the weather changed and then the inventory write down a year ago. There were two things going on in the first quarter of 2021 that didn't occur in the first quarter of 2022. In the first quarter of 2021, 55% of our branches were growing. By the second quarter, that has expanded to 70%, and it's kind of hung at that 70-ish number in the second, third and fourth quarter. In the first quarter, 75% of our branches and Onsite were growing. That has a massive impact on the incentive comp paid locally to our branch and Onsite employees because we believe it's harder to grow than it is to maintain and there's a premium for growth. So that was part of that 60% expansion in incentive comp that we saw from a year ago. The other thing that happens is we have a big chunk of people that are paid off of incentive -- of earnings growth. Earnings there raw earnings and earnings growth, that $8 million write-down a year ago hammered those programs. But a year later, it amplifies those programs. So when I look at the 60% increase over first quarter last year in the incentive comp, it's amplified by those two hammering events. In fact, from Q1 to Q2, our incentive comp increased 32%. And so that changes the comp picture dramatically. And that was 130 basis points of operating expense decrement Q1 to Q1. Probably got way into the weeds there, but I thought I'd just share a little insight on that.
Holden Lewis: The impact of that write-off actually is an important perspective to have.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael McGinn from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Michael McGinn: So I guess higher level, if you watch the news, a recession is imminent and it doesn't seem to be a case with almost 90% of your top 100 national accounts growing. I guess, of those top accounts, how many are growth constrained that maybe shape your outlook for sales given the tougher comps as we approach the back half of the year? And maybe any update on what you think your market share take rate is in an environment where fasteners are the fastest-growing category and it's been a while since we've seen that for you on a sustained basis.
Holden Lewis: What do you mean by growth -- going back to question one, what do you mean by growth constraints in our largest customers?
Michael McGinn: Yes, components where you're not necessarily playing right now and they're trying to deliver a longer cycle backlog-driven product but can't get it out the door for reasons that are beyond your control.
Dan Florness: So other supply chain disruption other than what we're supplying?
Michael McGinn: That's correct.
Holden Lewis: Okay, got it. I'll just fall back on some of the commentary from our regional vice presidents. And I'll say that in general, they believe that getting products is still a challenge, but easier than it was six months ago. And that's not just for our products, that's for that's for other products within the supply chain. And so in general, I think that our customers are figuring out how to navigate that sum. So relative to six months ago, do I think that production rates have gotten better and the ability to navigate some of this disruption has improved? It feels that way to us, just again, based on some of that commentary. So I'm not going to tell you that there aren't issues around ships and things like that that you hear about. But I think that for the most part, our customers are more successfully navigating those issues than was the case six months ago. And so perhaps that -- what you're concerned about in the marketplace probably is not as dramatic today as it was. That's all anecdotal, by the way. Does that answer the question?
Michael McGinn: Got it. It does, yes. So I wanted to go back to kind of gross margin. I see the strong results here, and you mentioned price cost neutral. It just feels like during -- when you're comparing that to pre-COVID levels, you should have seen some sort of national account mix erosion given your model, but that's it seems like something more is going right here for you guys. And I just wonder I think flat or slightly down was the prior framework and understanding everyone's a little gun shy to guide that line item, but I guess what's your outlook now on the gross margin side of the equation?
Holden Lewis: Well, a couple of things to think about. One, the 46.6% in the first quarter of 2020 and the 46.6% in the first quarter of 2020 was a little bit misleading. As Dan alluded to, if you look at only January and February because in March, the back half of March, we already started to see a lot of low-margin product getting shipped deal with the pandemic. If you look just at January and February, of 2020 versus 2022, the gross margin in January and February '20 was 47.1%, and in January and February of '22 was 46.5%, right? So that decline you would have expected to see. If you take out a month that was beginning to get affected by the pandemic, you would have seen it, okay? So that's one element. The other thing I think you have to be a little bit careful of is there is more that drives our gross margin than just price cost and product customer mix, right? And I think about things like mix of the mix. When we talk about product and customer mix, we're really looking at large categories against one another. But within safety, there may be a mix of the mix element where we're improving our margin on the COVID product specifically. That doesn't necessarily get captured in the customer product mix between categories. There's also things like we've done a great job with exclusive brands over the course of the pandemic. If I look at the mix of exclusive brands and Onsites, two years ago, it was 10% this quarter, it was 12. Exclusive brands to vending, two years ago, is 21.5%. This quarter, it's 24.5%. So that's something which can actually mitigate the product and cost impact to some degree. That has happened. And EVs are great because it's lower cost to our customers and it's a higher margin to us. And then I would also point out that you're looking at over a two-year period. All through last year, we talked about organizational leverage, which wasn't a big factor in Q1 but it was a bigger factor last year, and that's related to the cycle. So, there's more than just those two pieces that affect our gross margin trend certainly over a multiyear period of time. That adds some color to that?
Michael McGinn: It did. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Dan Florness: A couple of structural changes and Holden alluded to the EB component. And again, that's expanded nicely in our vending our vending offering that subset of business has expanded nicely the exclusive brand component in the last two years as well as our preferred partner component in the last two years. And some of that, we believe, is going to continue to get amplified by things like our LIFT initiative, where we are picking and supporting the product needs for our vending platform out of a handful of facilities and our push to our branch to turn that on is you need to have a more standardized offering in the vending machine to make it work in that type of supply chain. The second one is we talk about the consolidation of branch locations and what it does for occupancy. What we never talk about is the consolidation of locations and what it does for our trucking network. If I'm going out to -- if it's two years ago and there's a bunch of trucks that are leaving that 8, 9, 10 at night, going out and delivering the branches throughout the night. And we're going to 1,800 locations. And two years later, we're going to 1,600 locations, but those 1,600 locations are doing more revenue than the 1,800 did two network. That's more efficient network. And all those things come into play, and they keep -- the mix consciousness in the gut and it affects our gross margin downward. And we have to keep clawing back up these little incremental gains, and we find them in places like that.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now live.
Tommy Moll: Dan, I wanted to start by going back to your introductory slide. You mentioned some technologies and strategies all around efficiency, talked about restraining labor adds without hurting sales, supporting gross margin, branch consolidation, et cetera. Can you give any more contexts on what some of those efficiency-driven measures have been and what inning we're in, in terms of the deployment there?
Dan Florness: Okay. So we talk a bit about the digital footprint. And so within that digital footprint, we have -- if I went back two years ago, when COVID has started, we probably had around 5%, 6% of our sales where we used -- it's an MC device, but it was gut and stand bins. But we didn't really use that to be more efficient upstream in how we pick the product, how we supported that. Today, that roughly 6% has expanded to about 12% of sales in the March month, that's gone through and I'll call FAST stock. That's our mobile technology on a platform that we have written that interfaces directly with our point-of-sale system and of equal importance with our distribution center network. And so not only are we gathering using technology twice as much of our sales, but we're using that upstream. Where in the past, that half that doubling would have been -- we've been writing on yellow notepad and getting orders and pulling it in. And then those orders transmit earlier in the day. So when they transmit earlier in the day, our distribution center can start picking that product to support them at 10:00 in the morning when they scan the bin, not at 4:00 in the afternoon, they get back to the branch and they doc their MC device and transmit all that. And it allows us to think differently about how we operate, same thing with our FASTBin and FASTVend platform. FASTBin is a relatively new thing, and that's where we put in an environment where you have OEM fasteners and there's a Kanban system. Somebody has to go out and get the bins, somebody asked the bought and figure out what we need for replenishment. What we do today is where we've implemented the Bin technology. When that Bin is empty, the person that emptied it puts the Bin up above the shelf, and there's an RFID chip in it, and there's an RFID reader that's saying, hey, Bin #242 is empty, it's hungry, it needs to be fed. And that transmits right through our point-of-sale system to our distribution center. And that's where LIFT becomes important in the future because we'll support more and more of that, especially with standard product in a highly efficient distribution model, but even if it's done locally, where it's because it's more special for that OEM need, we're gathering the information, the need electronically when it occurs you have fewer surprises, but you also remove the cost of that data collection. And then that information for your customer much more readily and you become a better supply chain partner. And so that as a percentage, when I start adding that up, just the FMI component has grown dramatically from two years ago, and that -- there's no data collection effort going on.
Holden Lewis: I would probably add to that. I mean if you see the growth in our web, for instance, right? I mean you're having better than 50% growth at BDI within that, and that creates certain efficiencies for us when you're seeing that much growth there. The web component is also growing north of 50%, and that's allowing us to address certain types of customers in a much more efficient way for us. So I think you're seeing there also introduces some of that. And then some of doing, right, the LIFT is still a relatively small component, but it's -- we're getting aggressive with it, and we're growing it faster, and we'll continue to do so. That's going to bring efficiencies into the field in terms of how they supply the vending and frankly, the FMI as well over time, right? And so that's going to bring efficiencies to how we use our time. And I would say the things we've talked about with regards to our branches also is trying to bring efficiencies and focus to how we prioritize there. So it's really a combination of the technologies Dan talked about and some of the strategies, all of which are really aimed at what we talked about earlier, which is making sure that our labor productivity goes up over time.
Tommy Moll: That's helpful. As a follow-up, I was looking through my notes from last quarter, and I think the framework that you laid out for the full year this year was gross margin may be down as much as 50 basis points for the full year versus full year last year, but incremental margins in the 20% to 25% range. You've come out of the gate pretty strong here in the first quarter, so really just to boil it all down. Is it fair to assume that both of those ranges that you talked about a quarter ago based on what you know now could be positively biased?
Holden Lewis: Now if memory serves, I think the 50 basis points might have related specifically to mix as opposed to the overall gross margin. But I think the expectation was that gross margin would sort of lean down over the course of the year. I would tend to agree with you that the first quarter was a good start to the year on gross margin. And would it surprise me if that improves the overall annual picture a little bit and pushes us closer to something that's flat for the year? Yes, that wouldn't surprise me. And I want to give some credit because one of the reasons I think that we came out stronger this quarter really does relate to the job the field is doing on freight revenue. Freight revenue in the first quarter is up 37%. And it was at a dollar level that we haven't seen before. And that really allowed us to narrow the losses that we -- that I otherwise expected to see. I mean I expected the losses related to our branch freight to be about $3.5 million higher than they turned out to be. And I think that, that relates to real efforts on the part of the field and the strategies that we put in place to try to improve that freight profile, and I expect it to sort of carry through for the rest of the year. So that's probably the piece that provided more upside relative to my expectations in the first quarter. And the good news is I think that's going to sort of carry through for the rest of the year as well.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Chris Dankert from Loop Capital. Your line is now live.
Chris Dankert: I guess, first off, and I know this question is going to be very difficult to parse so I appreciate that upfront. But I guess looking at the fastener growth, I mean, it's pretty staggering. Is there any way to parse on a relative basis, how much pricing versus restocking versus core demand is contributing there? I'm not looking for an exact number, but just can you give us a flavor for how those kind of three pieces might be contributing?
Holden Lewis: Yes. And actually, if I could just add one more thing to my prior question, I won't count it against you. I want to make sure that when I think about gross margin being flattish or in that ballpark for the year, make sure you're including the write-down from last year because I'm comparing against that number, including that number, just so we're all on the same page. To your question about fastener margin, yes, we haven't necessarily broken it out by product line in that fashion. What I would tell you is the inflation that exists in fasteners is, is probably twice or more that of what we're seeing in the non-fastener lines. And even though we might be a touch below neutral on the fastener line from a price cost standpoint, in order to achieve that, it's fair to assume that the pricing component would be greater for fasteners than it is for the non-fastener piece. And so, I think there's probably a bit more balance between product and price as it relates to the fastener side of the ledger.
Chris Dankert: Got it. That's really helpful. And I guess, kind of bigger picture zooming out a bit. As kind of supply chain start to normalize slowly here, how do we think about how some of these competitive dynamics shift, which certainly have been taking share by just having inventory availability what changes on that front? And then I guess, how do we think about your inventory levels versus customer inventory levels? Or just any kind of big picture, how do we think about FASTON in the context of a normalizing supply chain here?
Dan Florness: I don't know if we know the answer to that on the competitive shift, Chris. The reality of it is we've performed well in the last two years because we figured out how to find product and we figured out how to get product. And sometimes that meant spending money that was painful for us. We're a pretty frugal organization. Sometimes that meant spending money to move stuff that was kind of expensive in our way of thinking and heck, even today, the cost of taking a container across the ocean is ridiculous. But that doesn't change that it is what it is. But I think the memories sometimes are short, painful memories often aren't. And a lot of businesses that went through a really ugly period and they found a friend in Fastenal, I think they remember that because again, that's a painful memory. Holden has talked about on prior calls, the number of customers that didn't buy from us before COVID that discovered who Fastenal was because of a pain point they had during COVID. And a lot of that is government and health care centered organizations, but a lot of other businesses, too. But that's a $50 million a quarter business for us now. So it's a $200 million business within Fastenal that didn't exist two years ago. And I don't think supply chain becoming a little bit less chaotic hurts that business. I think that's a customer segment and that it has realized what a lot of our traditional realized for years that Fastenal does a pretty nice job supporting their supply chain needs.
Holden Lewis: The other thing I might add to that is we've also talked in prior quarters about how we tend to get sort of obsessive about growth drivers on site. Those aren't going well, what's that mean for market share, et cetera. And what we've commented before is we meet the customer where they're at. And for the last couple of years, our Onsite signings have been relatively low, but we've been able to gain share through other means because customers are asking us for different things. I think we should all be encouraged by the fact that as the environment does perhaps become a little less chaotic and therefore a little easier for everyone to navigate and maybe that changes the dynamics a little bit. By the same token, we just signed a record number of Onsites. And so, if one element begins to normalize, I think that we're going to have coming up from behind those Onsites growing in the mix at a faster rate, driving market share from our more traditional growth drivers at the same time. So, one might normalize a bit, but I think the other one comes up.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jake Levinson from Melius. Your line is now live.
Jake Levinson: It certainly sounds like most of your end markets are firing on all cylinders here, but any particular positive or negative surprises you guys saw in the quarter as you look across the different verticals or just curious what you're hearing in the field.
Holden Lewis: Not really. When 92% of your top 100 are growing, there's not many that's not. Even areas, I would say, like oil and gas and areas that have been a little bit sluggish, they're not necessarily where everything else is, but they're doing better. But I think the marketplace is pretty uniformly strong, Jake. It's hard for me to define many areas of significant weakness. And I'm not -- again, we don't have a lot of visibility into the future, but the field still remains pretty optimistic about how things are playing out.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'd add to that is Europe is a relatively small piece of our business. The last few years, that business has been on fire. I mean, growing 40%, 50%, 55%. And right now, that business is growing in single digits because we have customers that are either impacted because of what's going on in Ukraine or they're impacted by -- it might be supply chain disruption, but it's probably linked to what's going on in Ukraine. And so, that's impacted our business there. Just each week, I have about a half dozen conversations with district leaders within Fastenal, where they talk about their business. And in the last week, I had a conversation -- a couple of conversations with folks down in the Carolinas. And one of them was a head of customer that supplies a product that goes into packaging for medical products, where their -- one of their larger customers is in Russia. And that business is in a standstill right now. And so I've heard -- but that's really small anecdotes in the scheme of the business. Your comment about generally a robust environment is spot on.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Ken Newman: I just wanted to clarify the operating leverage comments you made earlier in the call, and sorry if I missed it, but I mean just given your comments on potentially flat gross margins inclusive of the mask write-down for the year, they told them you were talking about expectations for better SG&A leverage through the remainder of the year. Should I just take all of that to mean that you expect incrementals could stay in this mid-20% range or higher for the remainder of the year?
Holden Lewis: Our goal has always been to achieve a 20% to 25% and to expand our margin a little bit from where we are, and that remains our goal. I'll let you model it, however you model it based on what you've heard so far. I think we've given you enough to play with. But we feel good about how the business is performing today. And we'll see how the macro environment plays out the rest of the year, but we feel pretty good about how things are playing out.
Ken Newman: Understood. And then for my follow-up, obviously, I think COVID is unfortunately, a normal part of the operating environment now. But I'm curious, if you could just talk through any of the impacts that you may or may not be seeing from the recent lockdowns in China. Particularly, I'm just curious about your ability to secure inventory or your outlook on the margin progression for the rest of the year as it relates to your suppliers within Asia.
Dan Florness: Well, I do -- first off, so on the call this morning, one thing I didn't touch on, I did touch on the fact that our leaders in our -- both our sourcing operation and our sales operations in China, they're based in Shanghai, and obviously, they're experiencing a pretty ugly lockdown right now. And I first let them know that we are here to support and really impressed with what you're doing locally. Our team has become -- especially the sourcing side of it, but both sides have become quite agile of operating in a remote fashion. Fortunately, there was enough warning that they were able to set up that ability to do that again. And I feel better about it the fact that we have more inventory on the shelf right now because there will be disruptions from this. There's no question. We're not immune to that nor is anybody else, but sometimes the old adage is possession is nine-tenths of the law. The fact that we have inventory on the shelf or inbound that's at a pretty high level, even though Holden doesn't like the cash flow impact of that, he does like the fact that they're to support our business. And -- but we have a sizable presence in Shanghai, and we're worried about our team.
Holden Lewis: And when we talked about the supply chain being fairly predictable at this point, there are components to that. What I will say is you are seeing the time it takes to get product from a port in China through to our hubs has actually begun to shorten. However, the time that it takes to sort of put in a PO with a manufacturer overseas and then get it to the port that actually has begun to lengthen. And I suspect that's a little bit of what you're seeing the impact of COVID over there. So, there's a little bit of a difference there. But as Dan indicated, I think the fact that we've been purchasing and floating over so much product over the past six, nine months, and that's now really beginning to hit the hubs nicely, that's going to provide us a fairly decent runway of insulation from some of that.
Dan Florness: I see we're coming up on the hour. And so, I'll close with a philosophical talk for you. And that is -- so a year ago, Holden, was it $8 million that we rolled out on the inventory?
Holden Lewis: Yes.
Dan Florness: We wrote off $8 million of inventory. And our leader of the supply chain team as well as quite a few members of the supply chain team, we're at pains when we wrote that off. And they were quite apologetic about it. And I looked at them and I said, I said, no, here's what we did. We made a conscious decision stock up on product to support our customer needs and our new customers' needs. Even factoring that $8 million write-off in, if I had to do all over, I'd do it in a second. And I believe it will build a better business for us in the future. If we've never had gotten that business in the prior year, and let's just say, we had an 8 million write-off a year ago, but that $8 million write off would have translated into a $200 million business within Fastenal that now exists because we were willing to do that, that didn't exist before. We're not an acquisitive organization, but I would have spent $8 million in a second for $200 million of annual business within Fastenal. Thanks for your time today, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal 2021 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ellen Stolts of Fastenal Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and we'll start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2022, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen and good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. Before I start, I would like to make sure my mind is cleared of things, so I can focus on the quarter and I thought I'd share a personal story. And that is a little after five this morning, I received a text from my wife, her father, Glenn Gustafson, also known as Gus, had passed away at the age of 90. And there wasn't a trip that he made to Winona -- he was in Eastern Wisconsin, the south of Green Bay. There wasn't a trip that he made to Winona where he won't tell me how many Fastenal trucks he met on the road or he won't beam with pride when he would drive by Pierce Manufacturing, nests in Wisconsin, see those shiny fire trucks, knowing that the Blue Team with a whole bunch of vending machines were inside that facility, helping Pierce manufacture those fire trucks. This will be my first earnings call in 26 years where I won't be able to share tidbits of it with Gus after the call. And just want to let Gus know, I love you and you will be missed and rest assured the Packers will figure out a way to win this weekend without you. With that, a bit on the fourth quarter. So our sales -- we grew about 13% in the fourth quarter. We had one less business day, so we grew almost 15% on a daily basis. And the quarter was gaining momentum as we went through it with December growing at 16.5%. We leveraged our income statement and our operating margin grew almost 14%. And the quarter really reflects strong underlying demand, good execution on pricing, improved product availability in our supply chain. And in full disclosure, probably the benefit of fewer holiday-related shutdowns that would be typical for this period. It often gets a little bit dizzying, trying to make comparisons in 2021 to the prior year given all the wild COVID swings, so I thought I'd share a few vantage points by looking at a two year comparison. When we started the year, Q1 was up just over 8% from two years earlier. And that was a reflection of a weaker environment, of a lot of uncertainty. I'm pleased to say that as we went through the year, that picked up. In the second quarter on a two year basis, we were up just over 10%. In the third quarter, on a two year basis, we were up 13%. In the fourth quarter, we were up 20%. And if you look at it on a daily basis, we were up almost 22%, so very pleased with how the year was strengthening within our business as it progressed. Our gross margin recovered from 2020, as we expected and it's down from 2019, as we expected. As Holden has shared on earlier calls, the way we're growing the business and the way the mix is changing does cause our gross margin to decline over time. Again, it's a mix function. And -- but it also causes our operating expenses to drop over time and we think it's a very effective way to grow the business for our customers, for our employees and for our shareholders. The -- on a two year basis, our operating profit grew faster than sales which really speaks to greater productivity that I touched on a moment ago and very effective cost control on the part of the Blue Team throughout the organization. When we talk and look at the impacts of COVID-19 and how we think about it on a future basis, we now consider COVID-19 to be merely an ongoing element of our global business environment. And like all of society, we have to learn how to live with it. The first step for us is recognizing it for what it is. It's a serious virus, but we -- but our approach is not one of fear and chaos. It's an approach of sharing the facts with our customers and our employees, what we're doing and how we're handling it day to day. I can share with you, at the end of last year, cumulatively, we've had 3,400 cases within the Fastenal family over that almost two year period. Since year-end, that 3,400 has grown to 4,000 as we've had about 600 cases in the first two weeks of the month, about 400 of those occurring last week. If patterns in January mirror what we saw after Thanksgiving in the United States, I would expect our numbers to drop off in the next couple of weeks and to move back to kind of that 40, 50 to 60 cases per week that we've seen before and time will tell if patterns repeat themselves. The -- again, the biggest focus that we've had in sharing facts with our employees, we have renovated aggressively our facilities, the air handling, to make the air cleaner in all of our facilities, quite frankly, not just for COVID, but for flu season in general. And it's one way of addressing the comfort for everybody in the business. The growth driver details are laid out on Page 5 and we continue to see expansion in sales through our Digital Footprint which was 46.4% of sales in the fourth quarter versus 37% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Again, on Page 4, this is just a comparison to 2019, thought it would be helpful for folks looking at the call. And what emerges for me is a business that exits this two year period stronger as an organization than we entered this two year period and I think which bodes well for our business as we move into the future. And one thing I think that's probably understated in these comparisons when you're looking at the sales growth and our operating income growth, in other words, how did we leverage and how did we improve the business. The third -- three month period on a two year basis is actually slightly understated in our strength because we have one less business day. And when you do $25 million a day, a lot of that gross profit flows right to the P&L and that 25.9% operating income growth would have been meaningfully stronger. Flipping to Page 5. Holden, I've been stealing his thunder in recent weeks. Based on a comment he made to an investor on a call I participated in some months back. And he said, in 2020 and 2021, our customers asked Fastenal for different things than in prior years. If you look at prior years, our customers were increasingly asking us to move in with them and be on site and provide resources right in their facility rather than from a few miles away. They have also asked us to deploy technology to help their businesses be more efficient. Initially, it was vending. Now it's a combination of vending, bins and what we call FAST Stock, our mobility application, or more broadly, our FMI technology. But it's really about helping customers be more successful inside their facilities. As you see from these jagged charts, our Onsite signings and our FMI device signings have been meaningfully impacted by COVID over the last two years. However, we feel our opportunity for the future is untainted by this. And if anything, it's strengthened, because the definition of who is the potential customer has expanded dramatically during this time frame. So the one thing that I think should jump out, because of our brand's footprint, one thing that's for us has always been a relatively small piece is the e-commerce component within our technology platform. And I'm pleased to say that our customers are embracing that more and more and that's partly a function of the times and maybe it's partly a function of us embracing it, too. But our web sales were up almost 50%. Our EDI was up 47.8%. And combined, it was up about -- e-commerce was up 48% in the fourth quarter of 2021. Page 6 is a new chart I asked Holden to put in and it stemmed from a question one of our directors had in preparation for the Board meeting. And it was really looking at the fact that we've closed a lot of branches over the last six, seven years and where do you see that going to. And most of those closures have really occurred in our most mature market: United States and to a lesser degree, up in Canada. But in those two markets combined, we've seen the same pattern. So our branch network peaked out in that 2013 time frame. At that point in time, if you would have started in one of our branches and would have hopped in a vehicle and drove 30 minutes, our network would have touched about 95% of the U.S. manufacturing base. I don't have that exact statistic for Canada, so you bear with me, please. But today, that number is about 94% as we've rationalized our network. And we believe that, ultimately, our branch network in the U.S. and Canada will be about 1,450 locations. So there's a few more to consolidate and that will be about a 93.5% coverage rate on the manufacturing base in the United States. As I mentioned on the previous page, our business has evolved and one of those elements is e-commerce. So in March of 2020, we broke 10% of sales going through e-commerce for the first time in our history. As we exit 2021, that number is now 15% of sales. As I mentioned on the previous page, from Q4 to Q4, our volume in e-commerce is up about 48%. And in that two year period, from Q4 of '19 to Q4 of 2021, so going back before COVID started, we are up 105% in our e-commerce business. And it's really a reflection of our customer base is embracing this way of ordering products from us. But our thrust is, first and foremost, with FMI technology. If there's a discernible pattern to the usage of this product within a customer's facility, most businesses, most distribution businesses focused on how do I make that into an electronic order. We look at it and say, "Well, if there's a discernible pattern, why are you even ordering in the first place? Your supply chain partners should make it available when you need it." And that's what our FMI technology is all about. With that, I'll switch it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Turning to Slide 7. As indicated, our sales were up 12.8% in the fourth quarter of 2021. On a same-day basis, sales were up 14.6% which includes up 16.5% in December. The period still had difficult COVID-related comparisons with government daily sales down 35.7% and safety and janitorial products being up only 3.5% and down 3.5%, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result, we believe total growth in the period understates the strength we are seeing in our traditional manufacturing and construction customers. Daily sales for our fastener products increased 24.2%. And if we look at sales, excluding the COVID-affected safety and janitorial products, our daily sales would have been up 21.1%. Outside of government and warehousing, this strength was experienced broadly across our end markets, consistent with macro data points, such as the PMI and industrial production. We believe the period was also boosted by fewer holiday-related shutdowns and somewhat improved availability of non-fastener products. Pricing contributed 440 to 470 basis points to growth in the fourth quarter of 2021, up from 230 to 260 basis points in the third quarter of 2021. This reflects good execution on actions taken during the year to mitigate cost inflation. Higher costs will remain a challenge in the first half of 2022. While certain metals prices seem to be plateauing for the moment, most remain at high levels. Products imported into our hubs in the first quarter of 2022 will have a higher cost and shipping costs continue to rise. We do not currently have any broad pricing events queued up for the first quarter of 2022, but we'll be addressing specific product and product categories, particularly fasteners, to offset higher costs expected in the first quarter. We expect hub product availability to improve in the first quarter of 2022 and be more stable through the year which should be a benefit to our customers who are still struggling with availability. However, this reflects shipment timing and our willingness to procure a supply of product several months longer than normal. The supply chain otherwise remain strained. Labor markets remain tight, though we have seen some improvement in our ability to hire in markets with less restricted on-premises recruiting policies. Now to Slide 8; operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2021 was 19.6%, up 10 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2020. Our dynamics in the quarter mimic the full year with gross margin rising off of 2020's product-driven low margin and operating expenses being deleveraged as costs reset off of 2020's artificially low level. The gross margin was 46.5% in the fourth quarter of 2021, up 90 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2020. This relates to two items. First, we experienced strong absorption of overhead and on strong product demand and growth. This exceeded our expectations, largely due to the strong accelerating volumes in the period. Second, our safety product margin improved as lower-margin, COVID-related PPE was a smaller proportion of total safety sales versus last year and the margin on those products increased. The impact of product and customer mix in the fourth quarter of 2021 was immaterial as the favorable effect of strong fastener growth nearly matched the negative effect of relatively fast Onsite growth. As the gap between fastener and non-fastener growth narrows, as seems likely in 2022, this drag is likely to widen to 40 to 50 basis points. Higher pricing continued to largely match higher costs, yielding a neutral price cost in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our fourth quarter 2021 exit rate and first quarter 2022 plans suggest pricing will remain elevated in the first half of 2022 and sustain a neutral price/cost relationship. The increase in gross margin was partly offset by operating expenses growing faster than sales. This primarily relates to cost resets which are typical of the first year of any recovery, but exacerbated in 2021 due to the unique COVID-related cost restraints that existed a year ago. To provide perspective, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we had four SG&A cost reset categories: incentive pay, health insurance, fuel and travel, where spending, collectively, increased 35% and which produced about 120 basis points of deleverage in the period. On the remainder of our costs, most notably occupancy as we continue to rationalize the branch network and IT as we leverage our strong growth, we achieved 40 basis points of leverage. What should not be lost is the degree to which we improved our operating expense leverage in 2019 to 2021 as detailed on Page 4 of this presentation. The first quarter of 2022 will still have COVID-related comparisons, albeit moderating, aside from last year's mass write-off, but comparisons will mostly normalize in the second quarter at that point, provided volumes remain healthy in 2022, moving past the initial reset year, combined with continued productivity gains from further penetration of our digital footprint and our branch initiatives, should generate improved SG&A leverage. Putting it all together, we reported fourth quarter 2021 EPS of $0.40, up from $0.34 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Now turning to Slide 9; operating cash flow was $156 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, down 51% year-over-year and representing 68% of net income. For the full year, operating cash flow was $770 million, down 30% and representing 83% of net income. We continue to believe our model produces a conversion rate north of 100% of net income. Additions to working capital caused us to fall short of this goal in 2021. Year-over-year, accounts receivable was up 17%. This reflects strong customer demand and a shift from PPE buyers last year and toward traditional customers this year that slightly blended up days outstanding. Inventory was up 13.9%, though about 80% of that was from inflation. Growth in product for stock remains modest given supply chain constraints, the rate of sell-through as product becomes available and ongoing efforts to clean out slow-moving hub and branch inventory, closed branches and shift our stocking focus in the field. We have a considerable amount of imported product in transit and we expect to see product availability, particularly for fasteners, improve in the first and second quarters. In the current environment where product availability is a key differentiator, we view our investments in working capital as an effective means of utilizing our balance sheet to support customer service and growth. We finished the fourth quarter of 2021 with debt at 11.4% of total capital, down from 12.9% at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020. We utilized roughly $25 million of our $700 million revolver to have ample liquidity continue to be available. Net capital spending in 2021 was $148 million. In 2022, we anticipate net capital spending in the range of $180 million to $200 million. This increase is committed to both upgrading and investing in new automation at a couple of hubs, higher spending on FMI devices to support expected higher signings and additional manufacturing capacity. That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we'll turn it over to you for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Dan, our thoughts are with you. And Jen, sorry for your loss.
Dan Florness: Thanks, David.
David Manthey: Yes. So I didn't see in the slides; it may be in there, but what percentage of the revenue mix was fasteners this quarter?
Holden Lewis: Revenue mix this quarter for fasteners was 33.5%.
David Manthey: Okay. All right, that makes sense. Is it possible that we could see that percentage remain flat or even rise as a percentage of the mix this year? I know sometimes early in these cycles when manufacturing and nonres construction are picking up, sometimes that mitigates the mix drift. Could you comment on that? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So at this point, we had a gap between fasteners and non-fasteners this year that I think was about 17 percentage points of growth. I would not expect that to continue. I think your question is how far does that come back. Currently, I'm kind of assuming that growth of fasteners and non-fasteners will be comparable, right? I think the comps are going to be tougher in fasteners. I think the comps are going to be relatively easier in non-fasteners and I think you're going to see significant convergence towards each other in that regard. Now that would be an outperformance against history because, historically, I think the non-fasteners have grown about three percentage points faster than fasteners. And I think that might reflect some of what you're talking about. But I would expect a significant retracing of that gap. And right now, I'd probably assume they come in kind of in the same general ballpark from a growth standpoint.
Dan Florness: Dave, the only thing I'd add -- one thing I'd quickly add to that is in the short term, there are two things that can influence that a little bit. There is inflation in fasteners right now. So that's an element. But I think Holden is contemplating that in his commentary. The other thing that could -- that will help fasteners from a mix standpoint is if you think of our growth drivers, particularly the vending element of our growth drivers, that's historically helped non-fasteners because you really don't put -- started fasteners in a vending machine. It's really helped our safety products, as you know, over the last decade plus. Our latest component of FMI, Fastenal Managed Inventory, is FAST Bin. And in there is an RFID bin that basically puts intelligence into a traditional kanban system. That is very helpful to our fastener business because that's really used with OEM fasteners. So if there is any lift, it could be a little bit there, but I think that's relatively short-lived because of the -- just the inherent growth differential in the two because of our maturity level.
David Manthey: Okay. And then as it relates to the puts and takes on gross margin, if fastener mix is somewhat neutral. You talk about the higher-priced inventory moving through and maybe you can scale that factor, the inventory benefit you saw last year that would go away this year. And then anything else, I mean, rebates or any other minor puts and takes, we should be thinking about for 2022 gross margin?
Holden Lewis: Yes. If I think -- there actually are quite a few puts and takes. Now remember, I think from a price/cost standpoint, we're fairly neutral, right? So the impact of price on gross margin, it was neutral in 2021 and we're operating under the assumption that will be neutral in 2022 as well. But you're right. Customer product -- or product and customer mix was also neutral in 2021. And I think that as you get that gap narrowing between fasteners and non-fasteners, you're going to see that neutral flip back negative. And so I am assuming that product and customer mix would be sort of a 40 to 50 basis point drag in 2022. Another piece that I think will be perhaps a drag on gross margin in 2022 will simply be the absorption that we experienced this year. This year, in addition to accelerating growth throughout the year, we also had to begin buying more product because of supply chain challenges. If those things begin to moderate, I wouldn't expect the same degree of absorption benefit in '22 as you get in '21. So those two things could work against gross margin as we get into 2022. Now there are some offsets on the other direction. 2021 had a lot of mass write-downs and I think that there's -- that's not going to recur. We -- I do believe that we will have some product margin improvement in both the fastener and safety side of the business, not dramatic. But again, I think that you can have some tens of basis points of contribution there. And I think the one thing we'll be watching really closely is the impact of fill-in buys because in 2021, where we had very little -- or where we had a lot of restraints on our availability in our hubs because of the supply chain, our field did a remarkable job, going out and finding product. And when they do that, they typically don't get the same margin that they would get if they were still within our supply chain and they often have to move a lot of product around on outside freight which we wouldn't normally do. And so to the degree that the supply chain normalizes and that fill-in buy reverses, I think that, that would be favorable as well. So those are all the moving pieces. Netting it all out, I still think gross margin is going to be slightly down in 2022 and that's kind of how I'm viewing it at this point.
David Manthey: Very helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, guys. And also shoutout to the Operator; unlike the totally legit pronunciation.
Holden Lewis: I was going to ask you; sounds like he got it right.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes, no. Like, three tally marks for my career for guys who have got it dead right, yes. So Holden, I guess, similar question on maybe the SG&A leverage. You talked about that being a little bit better. Normally, you don't give quite the same amount of color as maybe you do on gross margin, but maybe anything that you could put around parameters for like how much better SG&A leverage just looks as a result of maybe not quite the same cost resets.
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, remember that part of it is simply a comparison, right? I mean, I think two things happened in 2022. First, we're going to move past the year one reset. I continue to believe that our incentive pay will be up. Where we exited was fuel. Fuel will be up. Health care, who knows? We'll see how that plays out. And I don't think that our travel has necessarily gotten back to where -- to what we would consider to be normal. But I also don't think that you're going to see an order of magnitude of increase in those categories that looks like what it did in 2021. So I think you move past that year one reset, I think that takes a comp issue off the table. And then we're also not going to be comping against those COVID-related cost takeouts from a year ago, right? So I just -- the reason the OpEx leverage returns is, in part, just because the comparison gets easier, right? We have a long string of improving our leverage and we had a little bit of a pause in that in 2021, but I think that's a unique circumstance. And in 2022, you begin to see something more normal take place, particularly as you get into Q2 and beyond. So the comparisons normalize. And then you fold into that efforts that we're taking to be more efficient, right? We talk about the structural changes that we've made at the branches which is contributing to our ability to rationalize the network a bit more. We talk about the technology investments that we've made which also contributes to our ability to rationalize the network a bit more. And those things are going to allow us to produce leverage off of occupancy and labor. So in my mind, where this all comes together is we would see the operating margin being higher in 2022 than 2021 with incrementals in that 20% to 25% range which has been our goal. You're right. I'm not overly specific. I want to let you all project how effective at it you think we're going to be, but we -- I see the dynamics that existed as recently as 2018 and 2019, where we had gross margin coming down but significant leverage of SG&A. I see those dynamics beginning to reassert themselves in 2022. And that's particularly true, as you get into the second quarter, there is still a little bit of COVID-related hangover in Q1, although it's moderating. But once you get to Q2, I think all those comparison issues are passed, barring any change in the COVID landscape over the next few months.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's super helpful detail. And then, Dan, just a follow-up on a comment you made in your prepared remarks on Onsite and kind of the way customers are engaging or want to be served. Is there another KPI that you were sort of tilting more toward, whether it's FMI device signings or something else, e-commerce, that you think folks should pay maybe closer or disproportionate attention to given that Onsite maybe customers aren't really looking to engage quite that way at this time?
Dan Florness: Yes. First off, I do believe the commentary I made about COVID. And COVID, it's just -- it's part of our lives now. I think many organizations are coming to that same conclusion. I don't think we're unique at all in that regard. And so I think willingness to focus on things that are long term rather than short-term chaotic will improve. And I believe our Onsite signings will improve. The one aspect that we've started talking about this year that we'll continue to talk about in the months and quarters to come is our Digital Footprint and how that continues to expand because it really expands what we can illuminate for the customer. It also helps us over time become an ever-more efficient distribution model because we're pulling more products through the system because we know where it needs to go as opposed to pushing it, not certain where it's going to go. And you can do things a lot more efficiently. And we've talked in recent months about a concept called LIFT which is our Local Inventory Fulfillment Terminal. We have 17 of them now. And some of those are inside distribution centers and some of those are external to distribution centers. But it's essentially -- we have this vending machine that we can look at the pattern in the vending machine and say, "Hey, we know what it's going to need with pretty high certainty for the next week." Maybe we should be picking that product in a LIFT rather than one of our branches where we can do it much more efficiently and it allows us to -- right now, one of the most precious resources to add to an organization is people. And so it allows us to better leverage that element of our business and allows the energy locally to be focused on consultive discussions and pure service as opposed to picking inventory. And so I think Digital Footprint is a really important one and it's one that I'm pleased to say we're uniquely poised to step into because of our branch network.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. So Holden, I want to go back to the inventory. I think inventory was up 14% year-over-year and I think the comment was that the bulk of that's inflation. Is that correct that the majority of that increase would be inflation? So the question on the back of that would be is there more inflation to come through the P&L from inventory? And therefore, to remain price/cost neutral in the first half of the year especially, do you need to accelerate pricing from the 4.5% in 4Q? And that's sort of like the spirit of that question is you've got no price increases currently planned, but you need to have further price increases to maintain that neutrality.
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, I think what I said is we don't have a broad sort of business-wide increase plan. We do have changes that we need to make. So to your -- first, to your question, yes. About 80% of our increase in inventory in the fourth quarter was because of inflation, not because of widgets. The -- when I look at the inflation that's coming down the pike, you all know how we account for our inventory, right now, I would say that if we did nothing else, particularly on fasteners, we would be behind the ball. We know the costs coming through the system in the first half exceed where our pricing is today for fasteners. And so yes, we have other actions that we do intend to take which simply fall short of saying we're raising prices on everything because of generalized inflation. There are certain products within our mix that we didn't raise price as much as we think the market would have justified. And we've gone back. We've looked at that list. We've done the analysis and we're going to address those gaps. There were certain customer sets that we weren't as aggressive with initially intentionally that we always intended to sort of come back and revisit that group and that's a significant chunk of revenue that still has to be addressed. And then we think that having availability of product, particularly fastener product, when I think a lot of the market will not, I think, is also going to allow us to be somewhat aggressive versus some of our competitors. So we have, at this point, managed to really track the pricing and the cost effectively through the last three quarters and we've been able to see what our cost is. One of the benefits of the long supply chain is we got visibility that extends and so we've known what's coming up in Q1 and Q2 of 2022. It's not a surprise. And so some of our actions have been tracking that as well. And so whereas we don't have plans that are as broad as what we've seen through three or four events in 2022 -- I'm sorry, 2021. In 2022, in the beginning, we do have plans, particularly around fasteners, because if we don't execute those plans, then we would fall behind. But we've managed that price/cost delta well. None of this information is new or surprising to us and we anticipate managing it well in the first half of this year.
Nigel Coe: Great, that's really helpful. And then my follow-on is on the employee costs, I think up 17%, if I'm not mistaken, this quarter. You've indicated better SG&A leverage going forward. But I'm just wondering, of that 17%, how much of that is sort of not onetime in nature but discretionary bonuses, maybe some sign-on bonuses for hiring? And how much would be sort of base inflation within the employee base?
Holden Lewis: If we look at wage inflation, it hasn't changed much versus earlier in the year. If I look at our full-timers, we're probably sort of in the mid-single-digit type range, maybe a touch below 5% in terms of what our base pay per head is looking like on full-timers. If we look at the part-timers, that's still up double digits in terms of growth. So we are seeing some wage increases. However, they've been relatively stable in terms of order of magnitude over the course of the year. Incentive pay is another matter. I mean, incentive pay was up significantly. Over the course of the year, I think it was up about 25%. And in Q4, it's up about 35%. Now that's a great story, right? That reflects the success we've had as a business in growing our revenues and growing our profits and margins and I would expect that we're going to be successful in that again next year. But that first year reset is real. And in the second year, I would expect our incentive comp to grow, but I don't expect it to grow at the same rate that we saw in the -- in 2021 because, again, we've seen that pattern play out year after year for consecutive cycles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari: Dan, I'm sorry to hear about your loss, first of all. And then my question is just around Onsite which could you maybe talk about expectation for Onsite signings this year? And do you think there's pent-up demand there? Because you did reference sort of the sales cycle being pushed out and that has yet to sort of normalize.
Holden Lewis: Well, the -- so our expectations are 350 to 400 Onsite signings. I think -- to be very clear, I think the dynamics that made signings a challenge in 2021, we're exiting the year with those dynamics still in place. And so the reality is that in order to make 350 to 400, or for that matter, 23,000 to 25,000 FMI devices, we probably need to see the marketplace normalize a little bit more. And I think the challenge that we have is simply that when our customers are in short-term crisis management mode, I think they have a harder time shifting their attention to long-term strategic decision-making, right? And I think that's the fundamental issue because we absolutely believe that, over time, the marketplace can support the kind of signings that we continue to project out. So we'll see how it plays out, Hamzah. But at this point, we're assuming that we're going to have an accelerated rate of signings for our growth drivers and -- but we'll just see how the market plays out. So that should hopefully give you some color in that respect. And I'm sorry, what was your second question around that?
Hamzah Mazari: Yes. It was just around the sales cycle normalizing. Do you have pent-up -- do you see pent-up demand there?
Holden Lewis: I don't know if I would call it pent-up demand because I think, in many respects, attention has just shifted, right? We have stories from the field of -- we put an offer on the desk of our customer and it's just still sitting there and it's three months now, right? And so at some point, that customer will return to that piece of paper on the desk and sign off on it and it will be ready. Does that mean that in 2022 or 2023, that 350 to 400 becomes temporarily 450 to 500? I don't know. I doubt it, frankly. I think that we've had a bit of a pause as people have managed their businesses. And as their management of that business begins to migrate away from crisis management, I think that they'll get back into asking us again. But I do want to go back to what Dan had said before because I think one of the concerns that the broader investment community has, Hamzah, is, well, if you're not signing Onsites, does that affect your ability to grow market share? And I get the concern. But to Dan's point earlier, in 2020 and 2021, we grew market share, but we didn't do it because of the Onsite signings, as we all can see. We did it because, at that point, customers are asking us to do something different which was get COVID materials in 2020 and in 2021, get any materials. And we grew market share because we did that really effectively. In 2022, we're expecting our customers' environments to become a little less chaotic and we're expecting them to shift back to this question of long-term sort of growth driver signings as we think about it. And I think we're going to refill the pipeline. I think that's how this plays out and we'll see how right we are as the year progresses. But if the environment remains chaotic in 2022 and our signings are low because of that, I think we're going to gain market share because we meet the customer where they are at the time. That's what we think about it.
Dan Florness: Hamzah, I'll just throw in a couple of thoughts. First off, thank you for your comments. And on Onsite, I'll tweak what Holden said only from the standpoint, our range in the release is 375 to 400. He misspoke.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Dan Florness: And I like the updated range better, 375 to 400. There's -- I think there's three things that -- four things that can help us in that regard with signings. I don't know if there's a backlog per se or pent-up demand. I know there's demand and that demand is the same as it was two, three, four and five years ago. I do know more customers are aware of our capabilities today than they were two, three, four and five years ago. If for another reason from the discussions we've continued to have with them for the last several years, I think that bodes well for our ability. I think the commentary about people accepting COVID for what it is now and depending on what happens with this wave's variant and how things play out as we move deeper into the year will have a meaningful impact. I do believe it's going to remain difficult to hire, maybe not as difficult as it has been, but it's going to be difficult to hire. So if it's difficult for me as a manufacturer to hire and I have a partner that is my supply chain partner who have resources efficiently deployed with technology to assist them to come into my building, that's the easiest way to hire because I can say to Fastenal, "Yes, I'll take that Onsite model," and you're going to put -- yes, how many people are you going to put in? Maybe it's one, maybe it's two, maybe it's five people. So I think that's a real key to improving your ability to hire. And finally, there isn't an organization that hasn't been shook to it's core, shaken to it's core in the last two years because of supply chain disruption. I think that bodes really well of people wanting to align with a great supply chain partner and I believe that's what we are.
Holden Lewis: And the only thing I'll add on Onsite, just to stick with the theme here, even though the signings and the new active openings weren't as high in 2021, as we expected -- or frankly as we expected. That group did improve it's operating margin by about one percentage point, not only over 2020, but frankly over 2018 and 2019 as well. And the days on hand of inventory in that group also has declined versus 2020 and 2019. And so again, this is a relatively new initiative for us. And when conditions got a little bit more challenging from a signing standpoint, that group used the opportunity to be a better business in 2021 than it was in 2019. And that's relevant, too. They got better and that's going to carry forward really well, even as our signings and sales get better.
Hamzah Mazari: Very helpful color. Just a follow-up question, I'll turn it over. Just on the national account business, what customers are not growing? I know you mentioned 82 of the top 100 are growing. Is there a particular bucket that they all fit into? Or is it just sort of various sort of end markets?
Holden Lewis: It's mostly -- when you're talking about that few companies, it's mostly company-specific items as opposed to market-driven. The one exception would be warehousing-type customers. That group was pretty strong, as you can imagine, during 2020 and so they had difficult comps. The other piece that's been a little bit slower would be food processing, again for the same dynamic, right? So -- but it's mostly company-specific and I might call out those two areas that were COVID-affected.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Uhlman: Hey guys, good morning. And Dan, sorry for your loss.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Yes. I wanted to go back to Nigel's question about price realization a different way. You had like 4.5 points of price realization in the fourth quarter. And based on the actions that you guys have taken and that you plan to take in the first quarter, should we be thinking about that benefiting revenue growth by, I don't know, 5% to 6% or 6% to 7%. Can you help us understand the magnitude of the inflation that's coming through?
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, particularly once you get into Q2 and especially Q3, Q4, you're going to start hitting -- you're going to start lapping pretty big increases, right? So I wouldn't view any incremental pricing in 2022 as being purely raw incremental pricing. It's going to comp. However, if we take kind of the expectations for Q1 and then we just run those forward, right -- who knows what's going to happen in Q2, Q3, Q4 with the environment? But if you just take what we expect to do in Q1 and run those forward, I do think that your pricing contribution in 2022 could exceed 3%. Now again, we don't know how the market is going to play out over the course of the year. It's a long 12 months. So that's based on what we know today. But yes, I do believe that you could have pricing contribute to sales over the course of 2022 north of 3%, just based on what we've done today. But I wouldn't expect 5%-plus type pricing in 2022 at some point running the comps.
Adam Uhlman: Yes. Got you. And then from a bigger-picture perspective, I think some investors are starting to get worried that manufacturers are hoarding some inventory because of the supply chain issues, worries about that. I guess I'm wondering if you're seeing any evidence of that across your customer base, if there's pockets of inventory building up that eventually might go from broadly a shortage to like an inventory issue next year? Is that anything that's come of concern?
Dan Florness: The only thing I could see, Adam, is and this is from anecdotal discussions during the year, I know situations where a customer has product that's near completion that's sitting -- that's still sitting in the WIP because there's a half dozen chips that need to go into that piece of equipment and that piece of equipment can't be finished without those chips, but everything else is done around it. And -- but I think that's gotten better as we've gone through the year. So I don't think that's -- I think that's worked it's way through, maybe not perfectly, but pretty well. Probably the only place you would have, I think, some inventory issues as you go into the New Year and I think the market is on top of this and we really react to it, would be -- we've talked about ocean transit times for products we're importing. And if I think of the year and we talked about this on the third quarter call, is February and March were particularly ugly. It didn't get worse in April and May. It did get worse in June, then it kind of moderated. Then September -- August and September were really ugly again. And then it moderated in October. Well, November and December were the ugliest two months of the year. So that's the reality of the landscape right now. But at some point in time and I don't know when that point in time is, that will get better. And all of a sudden, when that works it's way down, there's a lot of product that's queued up. And some of our increase in inventory is because we have deeper inventories on certain things now than we would normally have. Because if it takes longer to get here, you need to buffer that into your inventory. So let's just say it's taken 60-ish days to get product across the ocean between port to port and then discharge port to destination and that goes back down into the upper 30s. You're going to have a little blip in inventory that will quickly fix itself, but it's still a blip, nonetheless. But that's more on the raw material inbound than it is in finished goods. And I think your question was more about finished goods, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, great. Thanks, Dan.
Holden Lewis: And Adam, Dan actually pointed out, I think you also asked about maybe the first quarter or first half on the pricing question. It wouldn't surprise me if pricing approaches 5% in the first quarter and second quarter and it comes in a little bit higher than what we just saw in the fourth quarter. That wouldn't surprise you. But for the full year, I don't think you're going to be at that level.
Adam Uhlman: Got you. Thanks, Holden.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Congrats on the quarter fellows. I wanted to ask about digital, Dan. You mentioned digital maybe getting to 85% of sales. What gives you confidence in that? Is it truly just it adds productivity for the customer? Is it that simple? And then what will the makeup be roughly long term between e-com, bins and vending?
Dan Florness: I think it's really predicated on the fact that when we really try to understand what our customer uses over the course of the year, we think that 65% of it is really planned spend. But unfortunately, customers either don't have a supply chain view of it that way or we don't have the tools and supply chain historically to manage it that way. But we fully believe 65% is really predictable in some form or fashion, if you really understood it. And we think FMI, over time, can grow to be that 65%. So that's where the piece of it is. And if I started splitting it up between the components of FMI, of vending, of bins and then of what we call FAST Stock, where you just go out in scanning bins, I wouldn't be surprised if 40% of that -- and I'm guessing with this number because we honestly don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if 40% of that ends up being what we call FAST Stock and not 40 points, 40%, so 25 percentage points-ish. And I think the other 60% is a combination of the vending and the bins. And I think the bins ultimately can be a big piece because that's -- the bins are big in OEM. Vending is big in MRO. So it depends on how your mix plays out there, but that's where the 65% comes. The next piece of the 85% is really we look at it and we say, "We think there's going to be another 20 points of e-com on top of that." Now that doesn't mean e-com -- and now this is where my story is going to get really muddy and I apologize for this, Ryan. That doesn't mean we think e-comm is going to be 20%. We -- I personally think that, that 65% of FMI -- I can't say I'm in a world where a big chunk of that doesn't get billed electronically. So let's say half of that gets billed electronically. So that's 30 points of e-com right there, but it's just EDI billings. And then the other 20% I talked about that gets the 65% to 85% is another piece on top of that. So our e-com in that scenario is 50, but 20 points of that is incremental and 30 points of that is just double counting FMI. And now I probably just lost everybody on the call, but I hope that makes sense.
Holden Lewis: I suspect I have some cleanup to do after this call.
Ryan Merkel: But I followed most of it, Dan.
Dan Florness: Yes. But it's really a case of -- that chunk that's repetitive, the most efficient way is why are you ordering it in the first place? And that's kind of like somebody that has a newborn kid and they set up diapers that gets sent in. Because we know the kid is going to need diapers. And we know that in two months, the kid is bigger than it is today -- I probably should say he or she. But the kid is going to be bigger, that's a plannable thing. Why are you going out and buying diapers?
Ryan Merkel: Right. Well, makes sense. I mean, that's the trend and it allows you to grow with less labor and more productivity to the customer. So it all makes sense. My follow-up is on fasteners. How much of the 24% fastener growth was price? And then historically, if metal and transport prices fall, do you have to lower fastener prices?
Holden Lewis: So, our -- our fastener pricing is probably in the neighborhood of 20%. Now again, that's lagging cost that's coming through the channel. That's the degree to which you've seen higher material costs and steel costs, et cetera, sort of influence. So we've had significant impact from pricing on the fastener side. I'll probably defer to Dan on the history around giving up stuff when sort of inflation goes the other way because he'll have the history that I may lack at this point.
Dan Florness: The reality of the last few years is our customer supply chain has become more expensive and we merely are a conduit -- we're their supply chain partner. When you look at it from the perspective of OEM fasteners, if the costs go up, the costs go up. If the costs go down, the costs will go down in a competitive marketplace. And that usually moves with the turn of inventory and that's not a new dynamic. The challenging part is what's the time frame in which that happens because a big element of the increase is the dysfunction of the transportation element and that's not going to correct itself anytime soon. And the dysfunction of that includes the ports. It includes capacity of ocean carriers. It includes availability of drivers. Part of the issue is the amount of product that's going on a semi today that should be going on rail because of all the disruption. And -- but we operate in a competitive marketplace. On the MRO side, that's more dictated on mix and what you're sourcing.
Ryan Merkel: Well said, Dan. Thanks.
Dan Florness: With that, I see we're at two minutes to the hour. Again, thank you for participating in our call today. I hope everybody has a successful 2022.
Holden Lewis: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal 2021, Third Quarter earnings results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host. Taylor Ranta. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021, Third Quarter Earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open question-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal 's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor. fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1st, 2021 at midnight Central time.
Operator: As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the Company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, and good morning everybody, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 2021 earnings call. I'm going to start on page 3 of Holden 's Flipbook and run through some thoughts on the quarter and similar to prior quarters. Holden will share his thoughts on the latter half of the Flipbook, and then we'll do some Q&A at the tail-end of this call. For the quarter, we grew our sales 10%. We ended the quarter with the business a bit stronger, up 11,% and of equal or perhaps more importance, when I think of our sequential patterns and we highlight that and Holden will touch on that, but we highlighted that in our September Information web release, were in a good spot as far as where we were in January and where we are in September, and how that positions us for going into 2022 from the standpoint of the strength of the business, the gains in the business, etc. If I set aside the noise of comparisons for a second and comparisons to 2020, and I take a longer peer back -- and Holden on page 5 of the flipbook -- similar to what we did last quarter, is we did a comparison to 2019, and we did that because it allows us to just not have to explain all the conditionality of the comparisons and look at it and say here's what the business looked like before the pandemic started. And here's what our business looks like today. And everybody on this call knows what happened in the last 24 months as it relates to Fastenal's business. The success we enjoyed, the help to the society we were able to provide last year in the products that we were bringing to bear, and the impact we saw in our safety business in 2020. So, let's just ignore all that noise for a second and what stands out to me is we continue to invest in the growth drivers of the business, we continue to invest in the people side of the business, we continue to execute and grow our market share, and what you see is an organization that is about 13% bigger than we were 2 years ago. As we've talked in the past, and I'm looking at Page 5 in the flipbook right now. As we've talked in the past, our growth drivers carry a different gross profit profile, and you'd see with the rounding in Holden's schedule there, our gross margin is about 90 basis points lower than it was 2 years ago. What we've talked about is what we like about these growth drivers. If they differentiate us in the marketplace and tap into the strengths of Fastenal and we're able to bring scale to these elements and manage our operating expenses more effectively. And you can see that not only did we improve our operating expenses as a percentage of sales in the last 2 years, we completely offset the impact of the gross margin change. In fact, that's a little bit of rounding, it's closer to 100 basis points. And as a result, our operating income as a percentage of sales is 10 basis points higher today than it was two years ago. And so, I believe in that two-year time-frame, we've done a great service to our employees, weve done a great service to our customers. I believe we've done a great service to society in general on what we were able to accomplish in 2020 and 2021. And I believe we served our shareholders well in the process. If you think about the operating and administrative expenses, and what's really happened, we picked up about 30 basis points on the people side of the business. We picked up about 70 basis points in that two-year period on the non-people side of the business. If I look at the people component, our expense on the people side is up about $28 million in that two-year period. 14% of that number is the addition of people and/or changing roles and/or inflation in rates that raised the base element of our pay above 14%. The incentive component, and this is looking at that -- not 14%, 14% of the increase came from that. 61% of the increase, that $28 million over the last 2 years, 61% is related to incentive compensation. So, when we find success as an organization, we share that deeply into the organization. And like we saw last year, our incentive comp pulled back. It reloaded itself this year on a two-year basis, 60% of our increase in human costs is incentive comp, another 14% is healthcare, one thing that's rippling really significantly through our P&L right now, not just on a one-year basis, which is like 45% increase, but on a two-year basis, 14% of our cost increase is healthcare, and I don't know where that's going to go in all honesty. Another 1% of our increase came from profit sharing and 90% of our increases are bucketed into those four categories in the last two-year period. The other 10%, the biggest individual component of that is social taxes and then another little noise in the numbers. If I look at the increases, our remaining expenses, operating expenses increased about $4.5 million on a two-year basis. 25% of that increase relates to FMI vending and bins. 25% of that increase relates to distribution center increases. Now, part of that cost for facilities, part of that is cost that we're doing to manage through the chaos that is supply chain in today's world, 50% of that increase is IT equipment. As you know, last year we deployed 8,000 plus mobile devices throughout our network to create productivity gains, to create social distancing, to create a better means to serve our customers and illuminate for them what we do. That 50% of our increase there is what's funding a big piece of our labor efficiencies in the last two years. The final, the other [indiscernible] the last 2 years, fuel prices are a little bit higher. Fortunately, everything else in our P&L offset the impact of fuel. And so, I hope you find that helpful of taking the noise out of the 1-year comparison and looking at it holistically and said, what's happened in the last 2 years? Fastenal has invested in its ability to serve, its managed its costs effectively, it shared the fruits of our labor with our team, and I think we served customers and society and our shareholders well in that process. Flipping back to page 3, and I'll get back off my tangent. Fast Bin we have talked about that next stage as we broaden our FMI, Fastenal Managed Inventory footprint and vending has been around for 13, 14 years. Putting technology in the bins is relatively new. A year ago, we had 705 machine equivalent units deployed across our network. It's still a pretty small piece of the business. That number's grown almost fourfold to 2,600 in the third quarter of 2021, it's now about 1% of our sales going through that footprint. Again, it's small, but the power to become more efficient and provide a differentiated value in the marketplace is strong. I talked a few minutes ago about the mobility technology we deployed, A year ago that mobility technology helped us manage 6% of our revenue, today, it's 11. And again, ways to better illuminate and create efficiencies for our team, and frankly, keep our team safer because these devices create social distance. Whether we're in a pandemic or an endemic right now, I'm not smart enough to know, but these things help in our business. As you read about in the paper and as I've seen in some of the write-ups and I've seen from some of our peers and some of our other industries, the product and shipping cost inflation is not just high, it's brutally high. The chaos and the impact, not just from a financial perspective, but from the toll it takes on our human capital, is immense. The thing that stands out for me is the entrepreneurial culture within Fastenal. Our ability to solve problems for others means we can also solve problems for ourselves. The disruptions we're seeing our teams in the local market are able to figure out solutions to take care of their customer, just like we did in 2020, we're doing it again in 2021. But it does take a toll on the organization. As we go through all this and have a lot of discussions with customers about disruption, cost changes, price changes. As you can imagine, takes a lot of energy away from some of our growth drivers, interlinking some of the sales cycles, and you're seeing that show up a bit in our on-site, in our FMI program. On-site wise, we signed 75 devices during -- excuse me, 75 on-sites during the quarter. Perfect World, I would like that number to be 100, and -- but it really is about how much participation are we getting across the network and how many customers are saying yes, who's been with me? we'd like Fastenal to help us on-premises, and that's a tougher sale in this environment. However, the number of on-sites grew 10.5% and the sales through those on-sites grew more than 20% in the last 12 months. So they've proven what they can do for our customers, and what they can do for our revenue growth. We just like to get a few more signings. As I touched on the Fastenal managed inventory -- I think Holden does an excellent a job in -- I know we haven't filed our 10-Q yet, but in our last quarter 10-Q and the 10Q that we're filing in the upcoming days, does a very good job explaining our digital footprint and looking at the FMI component of that, as well as the eCommerce component of that. We're pushing the hardest on the FMI because we think a great supply chain partner doesn't simplify the ordering process. They simplify the supply chain process and why are you physically ordering repetitive items? And we believe that's a unique place for us to be. Similar to what we saw in on-sites, our on managed inventory from a device standpoint is up 10% year-over-year. So we continue to see great traction. But I would like the signings to be a little bit higher. E-commerce, it's about 14% of our sales now, it grew 43%. There's still a lot of one-off stuff and we're seeing that we're providing a better tool in the marketplace to help grow that piece of our business. You combine FMI and E-commerce, our digital footprint is now 44% of sales -- 45% of sales, excuse me, and in -- that's where we ended the quarter in September. And that number 9 months ago was in the 30s. So really pleased with that. Before I transition over to Holden, I thought I'd touch a little bit on our in-market locations. Page 13 in his Flipbook, he does -- he has a great table in there that shows our end-market location statistics. I thought I'd share some perspectives on this. In the 6 years that I've been in this role, in the -- several years before that, we were doing a pivot and that pivot was really about the intensity of our branch-based locations, the intensity of our network, we were starting to morph that into appeal more on-sites and we took that into a really high year in 2016. But if I look at what's happened in the last 8 years, we've removed 938 locations from the Fastenal network and that's basically adding up all those closed converted Branch numbers over that time frame.  And in 3 of those years, 2016, 2018, and 2021, we have removed more than 150 branch locations. Part of that is us looking at our network and saying, for what we are in the marketplace, what makes the most sense, but it's also a reflection of the on-site. As we're moving more and more business out of the branch network and moving into the customer, you rationalize your network. Most organizations would look at this and say, Jeez, 938 on a base of 2687, 8 years ago. Let's take a big restructuring charge that does it all at once. Let's throw everything plus the kitchen sink into it and have a cover. That's not how we operate. Our district managers, our district leaders, have figured out over that 8 year period, how to be creative on making the economics of that work. In some cases, they might go to a customer and lease out part of a building to them. But they figured out how to manage that process and constructively rationalized our footprint over an 8 year period, where our footprint now when you add in openings, were 31% lower than we were 8 years ago. But there wasn't a big disruptive impact. We just did it as a normal course of business. As something, I think, is the hallmark of the Fastenal organization. In prior quarters, I've shared some COVID stats with the group. We had a tough quarter in the third quarter. We had -- in the fourth quarter of 2020, we had 5 weeks where we had more than 50 cases in that discrete week in the fourth quarter of 2022, 2 of those weeks were over a 100. In the third quarter of 2021, we had 7 weeks where we had more than 50 cases. One of those over 100, I'm proud of the fact that our teams look for ways to take care of our employee base, look for ways to protect each other, and manage through that process because it's incredibly disruptive in the third quarter. Staffing locations when you have people out with COVID when your average location has 5-10 employees. It gives incredibly challenging. We managed through it. The other things during the third quarter, we did a survey, we did a pulse survey of our employees. And some things that jumped out in that survey, our employees felt -- and we always get very high participation in these surveys. Our employees felt in that survey, their manager, the team around them, truly cared about each other, and we were protecting each other. And as the leader of Fastenal, I'm incredibly proud of Blue Team for doing that. There was a negative in there. There was one they felt was -- there was a little more communication internally and that's a message to me. We need to always be good about communicating what we're seeing in the marketplace. And the other thing that jumped out is, I know what's expected of me at work and my manager cares about my well-being and about my development as a person. So a lot of positive things -- the team has tired from going through this period, but a lot of positive things we're seeing. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan, for turning over to Slide 6. As indicated, our sales were up 10% in the third quarter of 2021, which includes up 11.1% in September. The period still had some difficult COVID-related comparisons with government customers down 40.4% and safety and janitorial products being down 2.9% and 15.4% respectively in the third quarter of 2021. As a result, we believe that total growth for the quarter understates the strength we are experiencing in our traditional manufacturing and construction customers as the chart on the page illustrates. on the product side, this is also well demonstrated by our 20.2% growth in fasteners, with sales of our other product segment, excluding janitorial, was also up 16.8%. In safety, sales of vented safety products, which removes from both periods direct shipped, typically COVID-related, products were up 28.5%. National account sales were up 16.8%. And while our smaller accounts were only up 2.2%, if we adjust for the government, our remaining customers would have been up 11.7%. So bottom line, we continue to experience broad strength in our traditional markets, consistent with macro data points, such as PMI and industrial production. Pricing contributed 230 to 260 basis points to growth in the third quarter of 2021, up from 80 -110 basis points in the second quarter. This reflects actions year-to-date to mitigate the increases we're seeing in the product, particularly steel and transportation, particularly overseas shipping. Inflation continued to rise over the course of the third quarter of 2021, particularly for overseas containers and shipping services. While we have a range of efforts underway to mitigate the impact of inflation on our customer's costs. Further price actions may also be necessary for the fourth quarter of 2021, Aside from inflation, and as Dan discussed, our marketplace continues to experience tight supply chains and labor shortages. These disruptions impacted customer production more in the third quarter of 2021 than the previous quarter, and an increase in COVID infections exacerbated these challenges. These trends seem likely to persist in the near term. To address these, we will continue to lean on technology and branch initiatives to improve productivity and an organizational culture that empowers local leaders to sustain high service levels. And while the supply chain remains elongated, we do expect an inflow of imported products in the fourth quarter of 2021, and the first quarter of 2022, which should sustain our high product availability and reduce the impact of fill-in buys. Now to slide 7. the operating margin in the third quarter of 2021 was 20.5 flat versus the third quarter of 20 -- sorry, the third quarter of 2020. The gross margin was 46.3 in the third quarter of 2021 up 100 basis points versus the third quarter of 2020. This relates to 2 items. First, we experienced good leverage of overhead and organizational expenses due to strong product demand and growth. Second, we had a better product margin primarily in safety products. Lower-margin COVID affected PPE was a smaller proportion of Total Safety sales versus last year. And the margin on those COVID-affected products increased. Product and customer mix did not impact gross margins in the third quarter of 2021, versus the prior year. In contrast to the favorable impact experienced in the second quarter of 2021. Relatively strong fastener growth allowed positive product mix to offset the negative impact of strong on-site growth on customer mix, but the gap was narrower sequentially, a trend that is likely to persist. While the impact of pricing in the third quarter of 2021, exceeded our original expectations, inflation and shipping costs similarly exceeded our expectations. As a result, price cost continued to be largely neutral on our gross margins in the third quarter of 2021, the increase in gross margin was offset by operating expenses growing faster than sales. Part of this is due to the comparison as third-quarter 2020 operating expense leverage still reflected COVID -related low labor-intensity sales versus current sales being generated in a more traditional high-touch manner. Just as relevant, however, is the role of cost resets. In the first year of a manufacturing recovery, it is typical for various operating expenses to have an outsized recovery. We're experiencing that in 2021, including in the third quarter, but also believe that the breadth of resets is unusually wide. For instance, we are seeing a 40% increase in incentive pay, but we're also seeing a 50% increase in fuel costs, a 165% increase in travel expenses, and a 45% increase in healthcare costs. The nature of past downturns and recoveries would not have necessarily lead to so dramatic a rise, particularly in the latter two items. As with last quarter deleveraging operating expenses in the third quarter of 2021 is a function of the anniversary of the first periods of pandemic-related cost-savings measures, combined with a strongly recovering marketplace. Similar dynamics are likely to play out in the fourth quarter of 2021, although not likely on the same order of magnitude. And we anticipate being able to leverage 2022 for a comparable level of growth. Putting it all together, we reported third quarter 2021 EPS of $0.42, up from $0.38 in the third quarter of 2020. Turning to slide 8, operating cash flow was 168 million in the third quarter of 2021, down to 32% annually and 68.8% of Net Income. We paid roughly 30 million in payroll taxes which were deferred from 2020, as part of pandemic-related legislation. The bigger impact on our conversion, however, was an increase in working capital. Year-over-year accounts receivable was up 13.8%. This reflects strong customer demand and a shift away from PPE surge buyers last year and towards traditional customers this year, which slightly blended up days outstanding. Inventory was up 4.4%. We did see a meaningful reduction in our 3-ply mask inventory in the third quarter of 2021 and anticipate clearing out this inventory in the fourth quarter. Adjusting for this, inventory would've been up 6.2%. We continue to clean out the slow-moving hub and branch inventory, close branches, and shift our stocking focus in the field. We believe these represent improvements in our working capital that will be sustained. That is being offset by product installation and to a lesser degree, product flowing into our network. We have a significant amount of imported products in transit and we expect to see product availability in our hubs improve over the next couple of quarters. In the current environment, this is how we are utilizing our balance sheet to support customer service and growth. Net capital spending in the third quarter of 2021 was 47 million, up from 34 million in the third quarter of 2020, reflecting spending on a non-hub construction project in Winona. We have lowered our 2021 net capital spending range to 155 to 175 billion down from 170-200 million. Our supply chain difficulties are limiting our purchases of vehicles, branch supplies, and other products. From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the third quarter of 2021, with debt at 11% of total capital and net debt at 3.4% of total capital. Net debt is up from 2.2% in the year-ago period and 5.1% versus the fourth quarter of 2020. Essentially, all of our revolvers remain available for use. That's all for our formal presentation. So with that operator, we will take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jacob Levinson of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Jacob Levinson: Good morning everybody.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Morning.
Jacob Levinson: Some of us were positively surprised by the growth rates, particularly as you closed out the quarter. Didn't seem at least that you had a lot of maybe product availability issues, but maybe I'm reading into that wrong, so were there any particular areas that you guys are really struggling to procure products, I am just thinking about your fastener supply chain and stuff being stuck off the coast of California. So, maybe any commentary you can provide there.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. If you -- if you'll look at -- so we have a variety of supply chain partners, some of which are domestic supply chain partners and they might be selling us in many cases branded products and that might be domestically manufactured or North America manufactured or globally manufactured item. And then you have the items that are more commodity -- in makeup and fasteners is a high player in that. That tends to be produced offshore, and that's been the case for 60, 70 years. And as you can appreciate, we upped our safety stock. And the depth of inventory we have on domestically sourced product, and if I think of our supply chain, if I think of our distribution centers and the service level that we measure with fulfillment to our branch network, we're at a very good spot there.  It's product that we bring in from overseas. That is manufactured overseas. And one thing that helps us in the process, and we've gotten some grief from -- over the years from the analyst community and justifiably so, we carry a lot of inventory, and we have inventory spread across 3400 locations, branch on-sites, and distribution centers. And so that gives us some resiliency that a lot of our peers don't have. But no, it's crushingly bad right now on a product coming in that has to go through a port, and we're not immune to that. We just have maybe a little more resourcefulness locally because some business models are so leveraged to scale that when things get tough, they kind of fall apart.  Our model is leveraged to scale, but when things get tough, our local folks step up and fill in the gaps, but it's brutally hard work. And to Dan's point, I'd probably, this is anecdotal, just feedback from the regional vice presidents that I get each month and each quarter. But to Dan's point about our ability to identify and locate product locally when we're not able to get it imported, fasteners are a big portion of that, but we certainly have the challenges in locating that domestic product, but the anecdotal feedback from the field is that we've done a better job of that than most, and we've been able to sustain service levels. And so, you're absolutely right about the difficulties on that imported product getting into our traditional supply chain, but we are finding answers to that outside of our traditional supply chain which is allowing us to retain high service levels to the customers.
Jacob Levinson: Okay. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, I'd have to imagine your smaller competitors are probably struggling right now, maybe not able to maintain that same service level and you've got a clean balance sheet. So, is there maybe a comment on the pipeline. Is there an opportunity to maybe pick up some of your smaller competitors that are struggling?
Dan Florness: I think there's a couple of fronts there. My perception would be yes, there is a struggle that's going on in the marketplace if you don't have as deep and as robust of a supply chain, and as many different places that tap into alternatives as we do. Even with our trucking network, we're able to move some stuff around that our competitors can't do because our product is incredibly expensive to move, and it's expensive for us too, but it's less expensive because we're more efficient at it.  I think the biggest risk for some of the smaller, and the folks that don't have as deep a supply chain is actually only now popping its head up because my perception is some of that fill-in buying activity of stuff that's imported by others that -- that proves to be fill-in buys, that product is becoming more scarce in the marketplace, which I believe puts us in an even better position to be serving our customer and not going through Herculean efforts to make it happen.  When we look at opportunities in that pipeline if you will, we're doing a lot more of evaluating strategic opportunities rather than simply picking off perhaps struggling competitors as a means of consolidation. That's not the primary focus when we do look into acquisitions. Ours is primarily strategic. So again, at this point, we think a better use of our balance sheet is investing in the working capital that we need to sustain the type of service levels, which will in turn put pressure on those smaller customers and allow us to gain the market share without having to pay a premium for it.
Jacob Levinson: Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you, hi, guys. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Morning.
Holden Lewis: Morning.
David Manthey: First question on operating expenses. Now when you look sequentially in most years, there's either the same number of selling days or sometimes there's a minus one from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. This year, if my math is right, you're losing two selling days and offsetting that, I know you have costs up on some of these resets and inflation and things, but given that day's situation, is there any thoughts you can give us relative to the roughly 400 million SG&A you reported in the third quarter, how we should be thinking about the fourth quarter SG&A?
Holden Lewis: You're right about the day's count and so on a sequential basis, yes. We would lose a couple of selling days. Then that's the leverage that you do give up on top of the seasonality. The fourth quarter is just typically not quite as active period as occurs in the third quarter, but that happens every year. I think if you look at history, history would suggest that the -- you would expect a flat to down 3% give or take, and that really depends heavily on compensation costs. Whether you're flat or down 3 is really driven by compensation costs, which makes sense because 70% of our operating expense line.  I will note, I think that whereas we have a difficult comparison from a day standpoint, we do have a little bit of an easy comparison from a wages standpoint. We had some wages that had -- that was over deferred into Q4 last year, and we will not necessarily replicate that this year. Slightly, it's a little bit of an easier comparison and I do think that we'll have somewhat lower growth on days and lower gross margin, et cetera. If you bank all that in, honestly, I think somewhere within that normal range still makes sense to me, David.
David Manthey: Yeah, okay. That's helpful thanks. And then just quickly on Slide 7, you said you expect to more effectively leverage at a similar growth in 2022. Was the similar growth part of that statement any kind of outlook, or is that just a placeholder for the leverage comment?
Holden Lewis: It was no sort of outlook. It was just simply saying -- I guess a better way to put it would be, all other things being equal, but it wasn't a prediction. As you know, my crystal ball consists primarily of the PMI, and that doesn't extend much past that beginning of Q1, as you know, so it wasn't a prediction.
David Manthey: Yeah. I had to ask. Thanks a lot, Holden. Appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Sure thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Dankert: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question, guys. First off, any update here, third-quarter now, 2020, we added a lot of new customers, count on retention in the past, but any update on what that retention looks like today?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. In the quarter we still had -- the definition by the way, of that retention, is, customers that had not previously purchased from us prior to Q2 last year when the pandemic began to settle in for the first time, right. So we understand the definition. We still recognize a little more than 50 million in revenue from those customers in the third quarter, down a little bit from where we were in the Q2 period, but it still represents a significant investment and opportunity within the healthcare space that derived from the environment that we've been experiencing the last 18 months.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it. Okay. That's helpful, I guess. My apologies if I missed it in the prepared materials, but very dynamic pricing environment, obviously. Any comment on what you're expecting, the top-line impact to be into the fourth quarter here? I mean, subject to change so then just kind of a snapshot of what you're seeing today would be great.
Dan Florness: Yeah, I always feel I need to also plan to a very dynamic cost environment. But I would say that our exit rate was perhaps a little stronger than our entrance rate for the Q3. And so I do believe that you'll probably have some continued edging up from the range that we experienced in Q3, in Q4. So it wouldn't surprise me if that number is a little higher. But we also keep a pretty good tab on when we expect to see container cost and things like that begin to flow to the model, and I think you're going to see that head jump in Q4 as well. So you could see incremental pricing in Q4 relative to Q3, but I think you're going to see incremental costs. I think we're currently expecting that, for all intents and purposes that, that price costs will remain neutral.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks so much for the help. And again, congrats to the team on being able to maintain that price cost neutrality so far. So thanks again and best of luck.
Dan Florness: Thank you. Before we take the next question. I will just throw a little added commentary and on the question about the customers that we didn't have before that are buying from us now and Holden touched on the actual statistics. I'll tell you -- I'll touch on the anecdote piece. If I go back in time, 3 years, 4 years ago, and I'd be out traveling, probably the only place I would hear about things that we were doing that were noteworthy as it related to either government or healthcare. I'd be traveling down in Florida and Bob Hopper would be telling me about the K-12 school district that we were doing business with, or that had expanded. Perhaps I'd visit a site. And we have a lot of on-sites in K-12 school districts in the Southeast, particularly in Florida early on. And then Bob would tell everybody about it and pretty soon everybody else is dabbling in it and finding success there. And then, we moved into expansion in some of the higher ed and signed some on-sites. One thing that stands out for me when I think of the last 9 months is, I periodically hear -- and it's not just coming from Bob anymore, but I periodically hear about a healthcare facility that we just signed up as an Onsite. So far, most of those that I've heard about have been tethered to a university. But, seeing traction there -- now, the numbers are incredibly small don't get wrong in the scheme of things but that's not something I heard about 15 and 20 months ago that I am hearing about as we go through each quarter of 2021.  And I see that as a positive because it widens the basket of potential customers out there. The other thing that stands out, Holden and I have ongoing conversations with our team about metropolitan areas and what's our plan for last Friday? Ee went through Minneapolis in St. Paul area. And what's our plan for this market? Every one of those discussions styles include a discussion about some traction we're getting on the government and educational front and healthcare fronts as it relates to business activity and Onsite. And again, you would have had to draw it out of people in the past. Now it's offered up as a growth opportunity in individual markets. With that, we'll take the next question.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey guys, nice job on gross margins this quarter. My first question is, is there anything to call out on gross margins as we think about the fourth quarter, should we expect normal seasonal declines?
Holden Lewis: So I think if you look historically, again, you would typically expect to see -- call it 20-40 basis points of decline from Q3 to Q4. I feel pretty good about that, to be honest. There could be a touch of upward bias to that 20-40 basis point range, but if I think about price cost being relatively stable versus where we are, etc, I think that the history here is fairly instructive and again, there might be a slight upward bias that 20, 40 basis points history, but I -- yeah, probably how I'd characterize my expectations for the quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about FTE s. I noticed it was flat year-over-year in September, it's down from January. Is this intentional or is this due to labor shortages? And then are you seeing applications pick up now in some of the states where the benefits have ended?
Dan Florness: It is not intentional. I frankly, it would rather be on this call saying what we missed by a penny because we added more people, was easier to add people. And -- but my sense is it's improved some. And the most acute part for us; we build pipelines, we build sales pipelines, we build pipelines of talent, and our best pipeline for talent over the last 50 years has been, give somebody with a year, two years left of college, they're going to -- whether that's a four-year state college or a 2-year technical college. Ask them to come work for us. Tell them, "we'll get you some experience, you'll get some cash coming in", Which is always helpful to a student. And we're looking at 15-20 hours a week. But what we're really doing is dating. With the thought process be, when you graduate, we think you will like us, and we think we'll like you, and we'll get married.  And then you will join the Blue Team and grow your career. That's a tough recruiting model in the last year-and-a-half because if college is closed and kids go home, well, our model is to hire them when they're at school and not when they are 3 hours away at a home. So that devastated that. Kids are back in school now. Now we're only a month -- basically, a month and maybe 5 weeks into school. We haven't seen an uptick. that I can tangibly what my finger on, most of it's anecdotal. I believe that piece of hiring will get better and I don't know if I believe that because I'm being a glass-half-full optimist and I'm just wrong or I believe it because I think a lot of people hunger to get back to some sense of normalcy. And part of it is, hey, I need a part-time job in college. But it's not planned.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Alright. Thanks, Dan
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Medinger
Michael Medinger: Thanks. I was hoping to hone in on the fasteners, importantly, times you alluded to in the release. Is there a way to aggregate what the total lead time is from mill support, and then how those fasteners turn relative to your remaining product set when they do get into domestic stock? And if it makes sense to compare how that is in a normalized environment versus the congestion we're seeing now?
Dan Florness: Holden, I don't know if you have that slide deck that we were looking at the other day?
Holden Lewis: Here it is.
Dan Florness: As you can appreciate, sometimes at quarter-end or during the quarter, you're looking at so many different things, that I don't want to give you inaccurate information. What I can tell you is, the buffer we're building into our supply chain for import is dramatic and it's measured in weeks, not in days. And those weeks are -- I could almost say in months rather than weeks, but it's a -- and I'm trying to stall so Holden could look it up, but I don't think I'm going to get that luxury. But suffice it to say, it's [Indiscernible]. And yesterday with our board -- I'll share and insight I posed to them.  And that is -- as an organization, one of the board's obligations to its shareholders is to manage risk. And one of the things I said to the board from a risk standpoint that we have to be acutely aware of. And I don't know if that acutely aware of is 6 months from now or 6 years from now. But I honestly don't know how this is going to work its way out because a lot of capacity was taken out from the steamship lines last year and part of the issue is the capacity just isn't there. So is this something that's part of our new normal that we're going to have this kind of consternation and we need to build an extra 30 or 45 days of time into the supply chain? The risk is when that flips.  And again, I don't know if it's 6 months from now or 6 years from now. When that flips, we have to be acutely aware it's happening when it's happening because right now we sell $13 million worth of inventory a day. If all of the sudden stuff comes in three weeks faster, four weeks faster, you get -- well, 13 times 20 business days in a month, that's $260 million. So you could add 100, 200, $250 million of inventory really fast. If you're not dialed in and managing and -- but it's measured in weeks, and I apologize, we don't have it at our fingertips. But a 30-45 day window wouldn't surprise me, but I just don't have the accurate number at my fingertips.
Michael Medinger: Not a problem, I guess switching gears to the Onsite I believe the normalized target remains 375-400. Can you discuss the revenue per site normalization or baseline you see as this initiative continues to mature and with the backdrop being? You started Onsite, I think the average was 150 and now it's 100 per site. Does this normalization create a wider net for you to drive more signings in 2022?
Holden Lewis: In terms of the revenue per site, you are right. I mean, when we started this, we had a smaller cohort of Onsite s that did between 1.8 and 2 million in revenue per site, and today, frankly, that's probably more in the 1.45 million annualized level. And that -- that's an improvement over last year. And frankly, it's actually an improvement over 2019 as well. So we have begun to see that improvement occur. It's one of those things I think is relevant to talk about because we talk about the signings being somewhat weaker. But that team in the on-site group, we've seen the average size go up.  We've actually seen the margin on that group go up and we've seen the inventory on hand actually decline in terms of the days on hand number. So we've talked a lot about, as you get out of this hyper-growth process into more of a fast-growth process, that comes at a certain level of production efficiency. We have seen that over the last 12 months. And so when we get back to being able to sign 375-400 when the market normalizes. I think we are doing so off of a larger and more productive base. And, I think, that's an exciting development. Does that answer the question or did I miss the point of it?
Michael Medinger: Nope, that answers the question. Appreciate it.
Dan Florness: I'm going to pull back to the last question by pulled up my notes here from some stuff from two days ago. In September -- so total transit time for deliveries in August hit a Fastenal record of 58 days. And September was trending higher at the time they provided this update, this was a couple of weeks ago. If I look at that back in the first quarter of 2020, which is the earliest bars on my chart here, that number was in the 30s as far as days. And this includes both the transit time to the port and then the average time discharged from port to destination.  So it's not just what it takes to cross the ocean and get to the port, and are you sitting there for ten days or nine days out in the ocean Rockport of Southern Cal or wherever it might be. But then, to get it through the terminal and transferred, and probably, the thing that jumps out the most for me is in the -- typically, when we're negotiating rates, that's a rate that goes from the port in the original country to our destination, which is our distribution center. And the steamship lines handle that entire journey. 35% of our containers coming in in the third quarter -- we actually couldn't get them to the destination because they weren't available because there's such a shortage of containers.  35% had to be manually unloaded at the port, loaded on a semi, and driven to our distribution center. And everything you read about is what's happening with the container cost to coming from overseas. That doesn't include that layer expense because putting it on a semi and driving across North America is a lot more expensive than the container going on a train and going across North America. And that actually -- we see a fourfold increase in container costs year-over-year. If you added that piece in, the increase is more like 6 fold, But that's some 35% of our containers coming in. The only silver lining in that is that 35 was 45% in August and it was 28% in September.  I don't know if it's coming down and it's going to continue that trend because one month isn't a trend, it's a data point, but that's been a brutal piece of the inflation as well. I see we're at 5 minutes before the hour, I trust we've answered most of the questions satisfactorily and if you have any follow-up, Holden I am around for the balance of the day. I would put one quick call-out to the Fastenal team. EHS Today, recognized Fastenal, along with 9 other organizations, as one of America's safest companies. And I want to say to our, EH&S Team, our safety teams that developed our plan, and our employees that honor and respect that plan. Thanks for keeping each other safe in 2020. Thanks for what you did for society and congratulations on the recognition. Take care, everybody.
Holden Lewis: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal Company's 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Taylor Ranta of the Fastenal Company. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Taylor Ranta: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Quarter. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio-simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Web site until September 1, 2021 at Midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Taylor, and good morning everybody, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Similar to the last five quarters, I'm going to start with a few stats on our COVID experience. So, to-date, we've had 1,950 cases of COVID-19 among our employee base, so about 9.5% of our employees have contracted the virus over the last five quarters. Looking at it from a pattern standpoint, and as we discussed in previous quarters, our worst quarter was the fourth quarter of 2020, November of 2020 was our worst month, but in the fourth quarter, we averaged about 60 cases per week. In the first quarter of 2021, that dropped to 44. In the second quarter, that dropped to 20 cases per week. And I'm pleased to say in the month of June, we averaged eight cases per week, bit about 30 cases throughout the company. So, very good patterns, not unlike what we're seeing, generally speaking in society, especially in the countries in which the bulk of our employees are located. One of the things that that should jump out at a reader of our earnings release or in some of the commentary, one of the struggles that we're seeing that is not unique to Fastenal, I suspect most companies will cite this, is difficulty in the hiring, the addition of people, as we're reemerging from the shutdown economy of 2020 and the first part of 2021. And there's I think three distinct subsets that drive it, at least in our case. As you all know, historically, we're a promote from within culture, and we believe in starting early in a person's career in that promote from within culture, and we hire a lot of part time employees, and those part time employees, a very high percentage of those employees are part-time -- are full-time students. And we think of it as in most cases, in a perfect world, you're not hiring a part-time employee, you're hiring a future full-time employee. And we provide a tremendous amount of flexibility to folks early in their career. We focus very acutely on four-year state colleges, and two-year technical colleges. And so, in a period, where schools are closed and people are studying remotely, a big chunk of our recruiting base has vaporized from the areas that we traditionally approach. And that has created some challenges for us. I'm pleased to say those challenges have lessened over time, but they're still pretty acute. A fair number of our part-time employees, especially in our distribution centers, a lot of them -- we represent a second job, I heard of example the other day of individuals that had pulled back their hours with us, because they hold a second job, because they have a child in college. It's a great way to earn extra money. We're incredibly flexible with employees and on scheduling. But their employer has gone to mandatory overtime, and so they just don't have the hours to work for us. So, that's creating some challenges. The third, and this is more across when I think of generally speaking our branch and Onsite network, we're seeing some geographic biases in the numbers as far as country-by-country and state-by-state in the United States, depending on how open or close the society is, what impediments there are to hiring from the standpoint of public policy. We're seeing some patterns there. We're seeing no meaningful pattern from a racial perspective of hiring. The progress we've made over the last decade, we continue to see that throughout the business. Where we have seen a stark weakness, and I talked about this at our April Annual Meeting, is on the gender side. We've seen the application side of the business during 2020, and this has continued in 2021. Our female applications are down about a third from what we've seen in recent years. And we've seen worse than historical patterns as far as turnover in an environment where society is shut down, and a lot of schools and daycares closed, we've seen a dramatic impact. And that's fallen largely on the female portion of our employee base and our potential employee base, and we're making efforts to improve that, but they're difficult. But with that, I'll switch over to the Flipbook. Sales and manufacturing construction customers grew 21.5% in the second quarter. There was, as expected, a fall-off in the pandemic-related sales of -- frankly a good thing, and which resulted in overall flat sales performance from a year-over-year basis. I believe we continue to manage costs really well. I'm so impressed with the team throughout Fastenal and our ability to managing expenses well. We did have some resets, and Holden talked to that in the earnings release. Branch and Onsite, our incentive comp, there's a reset going on there, because a year ago, a lot of customers were idled or shut down. And a lot of our surge business was direct container shipments, oh, not container shipments; excuse me, direct pallet and truckload shipments. And so, it was a different cost structure. So, I'm pleased to say our brands and Onsite business is coming back in a resounding fashion. And we're paying people for that. We're also seeing an incredible reset in the healthcare, I believe healthcare expenses were up about 25% this quarter, and that's really a function of we're self-insured when it comes to healthcare. People weren't using it a year ago. They're using it now. So, we're seeing a reset there. Where we're seeing some partial resets are things like travel. Our airfare was about tenfold from second quarter 2020. The second quarter 2021 now before you read anything into that, that's meaningful. We're still 82% below where we were in 2019. We don't know ultimately where that that number settles on. The number I've challenged our team with is with some of the technology tools we have, and some cultural changes as far as working from a distance and communicating from a distance, I do believe that 30% to 40% reduction is an achievable number and time will tell us that, if I'm correct, or if I'm full of it. But I believe it's something that will be achievable right now we're about 80% down. Price actions to-date have largely matched cost increases. There's a ton of inflation going on. There's inflation, because of disruption in shipping, i.e., the cost of moving the container, and this is pretty public information, so, I dont need to cite figures. But it's gotten really expensive to move a container across the ocean. And it takes a longer time than it did 12 and 18 and 24 months ago, because of all the congestion at the ports, and so, massive inflation going on. We've been largely able to move with that. The higher gross margin we experience is really about product mix. The fact that the organization is moving more products and more stuff going through our manufacturing, there's a utilization of the corporate overhead organizational efforts going on. And within the safety product category, there's a meaningful shift in customer mix. And when you're shipping truckloads of product versus pieces of product, the gross margin profile is different, and we're seeing that playing through in the numbers. The final point talks and I see the team put it in here a few times, the conversation, I think it's on both pages about our digital footprint, I guess they wanted to make sure Dan didn't screw up and miss it. But if you think about the digital footprint we're talking about, so about 42% of our sales are part of what we call our digital footprint, it starts with FMI. In FMI, there's a device component and there's a mobility component. The device component is our vending machines that we've talked about for the last decade. It also includes in growing importance over the last 12 to 15 months, our digitally enhanced, our technology enhanced bins where the bins telephone they're hungry, just like the vending machine tells us when it's hungry, it needs to be fed and so about 21% or so, 22% of our business is going through one of those devices. Another about 10% is going through what we call fast dock. And that's where the mobility that we've deployed, we're out there scanning bins. And that's really about a productivity play in the short term. But I believe an ability to grow faster in the long-term. And on Page 7, or excuse me, Page 4 in the earnings release, Holden has a great table in there that lays out the FMI pieces, the devices as well as the fast dock.  The third piece is looking at ECOM and that's growing quite dramatically and I'll touch on more of that in a second. But about 10% of that is outside the FMI world. So, you add those three pieces together, about 42% of our sales is now digitally connected and the vast majority of that is where it's FMI and the importance of FMI, the goal should be an easy way to order. The goal should be if it's recurring business, why the heck are you ordering it? And why don't you have a partner that supplies it when you need it. And that's what we endeavor to be a great supply chain partner for our customer. Flipping to page four of the book, pleased to say our Onsite signings ticked up again in the second quarter of '21. We had 87 signings that's our best quarter since COVID started and of equal importance, it's about participation. How many of our district business units are signing an Onsite? We had 30% of our district business units sign an Onsite. We haven't been north of 30%, since the first quarter of 2020. So not only are the numbers strong, it's broadly dispersed across our business. So there's great participation. We ended the quarter with 1,323 active sites just over 9% increase from second quarter last year, and our daily sales in the Onsite business grew just over 25%. So very, very strong performance there, and it's improving. And that builds upon our ability to engage with our customer and grow the business long-term. FMI, I touched on that yesterday -- excuse me, on the last slide, and I did touch on it yesterday with the board, that's a different matter. There's 5,843 devices, that's a weighted number signed in the second quarter, that's 91 per day, similar to Onsites of nice, improving strong performance. Our ending installed base was up just over 9% from June of last year. And if you look at it, and I'm going to flip to some points on that table on Page 4 of the earnings release. So sales through the devices are up 40.4%. Sales through FAST stock is up 148% and you combine the two together FMI grew 61.4% really excited about what we have going there as far as momentum. E-commerce 53% increase, large customer-oriented EDI was up 51%. That's about the economy. That's about strengthening of our existing customer base, and we're seeing it happen to play out right there. When I look at web sales being up 61%, that's about habits changing, that's about how our customers are engaging with us. So two dynamics going on both very positive, from the standpoint of how our customers engaging with us, and how is our underlying customer doing as far as business. I'm going to skip the digital footprint, since I covered that pretty thoroughly already. And flipping to page five, this is a new table, I believe to Holden plans to have it in here in this quarter, I suspect next quarter, maybe fourth quarter, but it's really doing a quick snapshot of understanding if we ignore the noise of COVID-19 for a second, and just say, "What did our business do in the second quarter of 2019? What did it do in the second quarter of 2021?" Some things to standout, our margin is down about 40 basis points in that period, and that's about the ship that we've talked about in prior quarters of our business to more of an Onsite, a higher proportion of our business being Onsite, or it's due to larger customer, larger transactions better expense leverage. And you see that expense leverage play out in the operating administrative expenses being down 140 basis points in that same time period. So, our operating income was up 100 basis points. Pleased to say we had great incremental margin, about 31% in that timeframe. And with that, and we generated good cash. With that I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. So, turning to slide six, as indicated, our sales were basically flat in the second quarter of 2021. I think everybody understands the dynamic supply here, about $350 million to $360 million in surge business from last year did not repeat. And that was offset by a significant rebound in demand from our traditional manufacturing construction customers, and to a lesser degree, new sales to customers that had never bought from Fastenal prior to the pandemic. Our Fastenal products grew 28.4%, and that represent the strength of our underlying business conditions. If we were to adjust out the impact of surge sales, we believe that safety and other products would have grown at a level that's comparable to our Fastenal growth. Manufacturing and particularly heavy manufacturing is exhibiting broad strength. And in the case of both manufacturing and non-residential construction, sequential quarterly growth in the period exceeded historical norms. Combined with access to customers that is approaching pre-pandemic levels as evidenced by our improved Onsite and FMI signings in the second quarter of 2021, our outlook remains positive. It's also worth highlighting that while government sales were down 63% in the second quarter of 2021, they were up 37% versus the second quarter of 2019. We had similar dynamics play out with certain large customers, we continue to believe that we gained market share during the pandemic. Now to slide seven, operating margin in the second quarter of 2021 was 21.1% up 20 basis points. Gross margin was 46.5% in the second quarter of 2021, up 200 basis points versus the second quarter of 2020. Our safety product margin improved in combination of mix, as lower margin COVID affected PPE mix retreated to pre-pandemic levels and recovery and pricing as the market is normalized. We leveraged overhead costs on an improvement in volumes and favorable rebates, which is a combination of lower rebates to certain customers that were heavy surge buyers in 2020, and our own purchasing of key products improving versus 2020. Product mix, specifically growth of fasteners versus non-fasteners was also a significant contributor to the growth, and was a significant factor in gross margin outperforming our expectations for the period. Our pricing actions largely matched inflation we are seeing in the marketplace then price costs did not meaningfully affect gross margin in the second quarter of 2021. The increase in gross margin was partly offset by operating expenses growing faster than sales. In the second quarter of 2020, in response to the onset of the pandemic, we took certain proactive steps to reduce costs, certain costs naturally declined as a result of the weak business and a large portion of our surge sales went direct as opposed to through our branches, which is a very low labor intensity source of revenue. In response to improving conditions in the second quarter of 2021, these situations reversed. Our headcount remains under control, but as appropriately ticking up as demand recovers at our branches. Further incentive compensation was up almost 20% and healthcare costs are up 25%. Travel expenses are growing strongly off very easy comparisons as the economy fully opens, fuel costs are rising sharply. As we indicated last quarter, de-leveraging operating expenses in the second quarter of 2021 is a function of anniversary in the first periods of pandemic related cost savings measures combined with a strongly recovering marketplace. Setting aside these optics; however, we believe the organization continues to manage costs well. If you put it all together, we reported second quarter of 2021 earnings per share of $0.42, which is flat versus $0.42 in the second quarter of 2020. Now turning to slide eight, operating cash flow was $172 million in the second quarter of 2021. This is down 32% annually and was 71.5% of net income. Now, recall that in the second quarter of 2020 pandemic related legislation allowed us to defer to tax payments into the third quarter of 2020 that deferral was not available to us in the second quarter of 2021, and we made those two payments as we historically have. The better way to think about cash generation is by considering that in the five years from 2015 to 2019. Our second quarter cash conversion averaged 63.5%. Against this, we were pleased with our cash generation in the second quarter. Year-over-year accounts receivable was up 3.1%. Those sales were flattish the shift away from PPE surge buyers last year and toward traditional buyers this year blended up our days outstanding. Inventory was down 5.3%, and there is a lot of moving pieces here. A part of this is due to the difficulty in getting sufficient imported products, although our hub inventory deficit has not widened meaningfully versus where it was in the first quarter of 2021, as we are finding domestic source as a product. However, the decrease also reflects deliberate efforts to clean out slow moving hub and branch inventory, branch closures, and the shifts that are stocking focus in the field. We believe these represent improvements in our working capital that will be sustained. Net capital spending in the second quarter of 2021 was $32 million, down from $38 million in the first quarter of 2020. This was largely from lower FMI hardware spend, which was a product of lower signings over the past 12 months and greater refurbishment of FMI equipment. Our 2021 net capital spending range is unchanged at $170 million to $200 million, and we're tracking in the lower half of this range at this time. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $161 million in dividends. And from a liquidity standpoint, we finished the second quarter with net debt at 2.5% of total capital, down from 6.4% in the year ago period at 5.1% versus the fourth quarter of 2020; essentially all of our revolver remains available for use. Now before moving to Q&A, I wanted to update a few subjects of current interest. First, we continue to experience significant cost inflation, particularly for steel, fuel, and transportation. In the second quarter of 2021, price contributed 80 to 110 basis points to growth. This largely tracked our increase in costs and the impact of price costs on margin was in material. Cost pressures remain high, however, which will require us to institute further material price actions in the period. The marketplace is still receptive the price actions, and the tools and processes we have developed have been effective even so given the rate of inflation, maintaining price cost parody will be a bigger challenge in the third quarter of 2020. Global supply chains remain tight. We have managed this well domestically, which has allowed our customer service levels remain high as a result of spot buys which do tend to carry a lower margin, and inventory in certain areas to build to meet projected future needs. Internationally, there continues to be a shortage of capacity, which has made moving products particularly fasteners increasingly costly and sustained long lead times. We believe this dynamic could persist its current level of intensity through 2021. Dan commented earlier on the labor shortages in most of our business, we have largely managed this to this point, however we are beginning to see those pressures be reflected in our labor costs, and the increase in Onsite signings and implementations could introduce some additional strains there. However, recognize a few things. First, this is all partly a byproduct of strong demand and happens to some degree with every cycle. Strong growth will allow leverage of other costs that will help us to mitigate these pressures. Second, much of what we're doing with our digital footprint, and the change in our branch model will address many of these matters. Third, none of these pressures are unique to Fastenal but we believe that our culture and our structure is uniquely geared to navigate them. We have seen no moderation in these pressures over the past three months, but we continue to believe that we'll gain share through them. That is all for our formal presentation. So, with that, Operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning, David.
David Manthey: Dan, in the past, you've noted that $10 billion in revenues, you should have about 46% gross margin, and 20% plus Op margin, which is exactly how the business looks today at $6 billion in revenues. Is there any change to that formula based on how you see the complexion of the business playing out over the next $4 billion?
Dan Florness: You know I won't be surprised. As far as the residual number, which is ultimately the number that matters, that 20% plus, I see no change there, maybe a bias for increasing it, but time will tell on that one. I wouldn't be surprised, given what we saw in the last year, and some of the things we're doing as we get deeper and deeper with some of the larger customers and are looking at different types of business and options there, I wouldn't be surprised to see the 46, us drop below the 46. But in those discussions, I oftentimes cited the 46, 24, 22 was a number that that we aspired to. I think ultimately when you have a branch network, where the average branch is north of 200,000 a month versus 130,000 to 150,000 like it is today, and in Onsite network, that's a bigger percentage of the business, I feel comfortable saying that any gross margin that the mix pulls us below that 46 threshold also pulls us below the 24 threshold. And so, that plus 20 thought process of when we're a $10 billion organization, I feel as good about that today as anytime in the last five years.
Holden Lewis: The focus internally, Dave, is that, everybody who is involved in selling make sure that on every individual relationship, every individual transaction that they get the value that they deserve based on the value that we bring to the relationship. As long as we do that, whatever the mix does, because of our growth, the mix does, but as Dan indicated, there's been no change in our expectation that we're going to be at 20% to 22% operating margin business and a 25% plus return on capital business. There's no change in that.
David Manthey: Yes, sounds good. And second, how does the branch configuration relate to the Lift program, maybe I misunderstand here, are CFCs the new lifts? And do you expect to see some benefits in 2022 as you free up that selling energy that was formerly consumed by filling vending machines at the store level?
Dan Florness: Yes. Some things to keep in mind there, the Lift is still cutting a relatively small piece of our vending revenue, which is a piece of our overall revenue. I think right now we're at about 8%. I think that's where we ended the quarter, about 8% of our vending revenue is being touched by Lift. And if vending is little over 20% of our revenue, you can see it's a relatively small piece, it's touching. So, I don't want to overbuild what Lift is, in the short-term. We're really excited about it in the longer term. And so, that's one element. So, the CFC, so the fulfillment center type branch, so, we have two branch types. And I'm generally speaking talking about our U.S. business in this commentary, when we go outside the U.S., there's some nuance to it, but I wont muddy the conversation with that. In the U.S., in the Metro areas, about 70% of our branches now are a fulfillment center. And all that means is we're not -- we might have limited hours that were -- that the front door is open, and part of this sprang out of COVID. We found that that wasn't horribly disruptive to our customer, because every customer has a cellphone, every customer has Internet access. So, saying to our customer, "Hey, call us when you come in," or "Order electronically, we'll have it ready for you. And the doors can be locked, when you get here, but we'll let you in," because most of our business is recurring customers business-to-business relationships. And that's just the way the branch operates. The front showroom has been contracted down, because that's redundant, contracted, and so, there's a small footprint you walk into if the front door is open, or you pick it up at a locker if the front door is closed, or you're calling we let you in. That's just a branch. Separate to that, that branch set up, and then the other 30% of the Metro areas would be the traditional service branch that that you've visited over the years. The only thing that changes when you get out to the Metros, the mix is a little bit different; it's about 60:40. But separate from the brands facility is this Lift, now the Lift might be adjacent to a distribution center, it might be completely independent of a distribution center. And that's just a very focused distribution center that's picking not a pallet of product for a branch delivery, it's picking a total product for a customer vending machine delivery. And it's removing that labor that's relatively inefficient at the branch, and putting it into a Lift, where it's much more efficient, we can bring some automation to it, we bring scale to it. And over time that will become a bigger and bigger piece of our vending business. And the real question is, can we do some of those same things for our FAST stock, because highly repetitive transactions, you can bring scale to those transactions for the branch network and be more efficient. Does that help?
David Manthey: It does. Thanks for the color, Dan.
Dan Florness: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: Right, so I guess, first off, Holden, you mentioned bigger inflation in the second-half of '21 and then potentially some price cost issues, just given that the market is receptive to price, why is there worry on price cost timing?
Holden Lewis: Well, I would say it has as much to do with simply the rate of increases as much as anything else. You didn't see an uplift in price in Q1, and then it's kind of stayed there, right? You've continued to see those increases build and much as we saw during the period of tariffs and inflation, when you see a rapid rate of ascent that continues on for a period of time, it can be difficult to maintain the pace, particularly when you have a business like ours that where over half of it is national accounts and contract business. So, now much like in the prior period, do we think that that you catch up to this, absolutely. And I've always said that I feel like if you achieve price cost parity anytime within a quarter ahead to two quarters behind, that's kind of what the business supports. And I still believe that's true. But there's always timing involved when cost is trending. And that's the situation that we have today. We've gone to the marketplace for different purposes a couple times done at least one large increase earlier in the second quarter. And that was received fairly well but based on what cost is doing, we'll have to go to the market with some additional ones. To this point, we continue to hear from the field that that customers are still so busy and receiving it from so many areas, that it's not been a huge bone of contention. But there are timing issues around costs and around contracts that that we navigate every cycle, will navigate this one too.
Dan Florness: Just couple added tidbits I'll throw in there. One element Ryan is frankly fatigue, that sets in from the standpoint of I'm going back one more time. And that's an element, that doesn't mean you don't get it. But that makes it challenging in the short term. The other piece is the vast majority of what we're seeing, we don't view as transitionary. But there is a transitionary component, and that is with the congestion at the ports, we're doing fill-in buys and we estimate right now that the magnitude of fill-in buys that we do this year will be about five times what we see in a typical year, there's always issues that come up, there's a spike in demand, and we need to do a fill-in buy, there's an issue with production from a manufacturer or shipment that do fill-in buy. But the magnitude is so much bigger right now. And a piece of that is transitionary and that piece that you might not capture.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, okay, makes sense and not different than I expected actually. And then I just want to clarify the decision to remove counter labor at some of the branches having taken a lot of questions on this. So what are you giving up? What are you getting? And would you call this a tweak to the strategy? Or is this a major change?
Dan Florness: Part of it is, I don't know if we know the answer to that. Keep in mind that the incredible majority of our business is B2B and what we saw during COVID is a lot of habits changed. In your personal life, I suspect there's things you do today and how you procure items for your personal life that are different from what they were a year and a half ago. Well, that's true with our customer base, too. It's true at both the B2B and then a piece of it is, I don't know if I'd call it B2C, but maybe it's B2b where it's a local business that just buys doesn't even have an account. And we really encourage that customer, we can be a better partner for you and we can provide you a higher level of service by ordering electronically, and we'll have it ready for you. Part of the reason for we aren't necessarily removing some counter labor, part of it is it doesn't exist. So our business, our branch based business is up 20 some percent, our FTE at the branch is up less than 1%. And that isn't my choice. That's what's available. And so part of it is off to the COVID, part of it's legacy, because we don't have some of the staffing we want. Part of it, we do believe this is our model for the future. And we believe it's a better model.
Holden Lewis: What I'd probably add, Ryan is if you think about the amount of revenue that's being impacted here, I mean the cash business, just what is paid to us in actual dollars and cents credit card is about 2% of our revenue. I mean, it's not a huge number. If I think about those accounts, that are $250 a month or less that's 4% of our revenue, but it represents more than 80% of our active accounts. And so what we're essentially trying to time to think through is, how much labor are we putting into 80% of our accounts that represents 4% of our revenues? And when we think about the development of e-commerce, and you see in this quarter, our e-commerce, our web sales, e-commerce is up north of 60%. That wasn't entirely because of our conversations with the smaller customers about how we can service that model. But a part of it was certainly because of that. So we don't view it as walking away from a lot of revenues, we view it as aligning the best way to service different groups of customers within our branch in a way that in turn frees up time for our people to sell. So let's take the question earlier, we created a Lift program to free up time for our people to sell to customers that are really going to move the needle. The things that we're doing in the branch is really intended to be very much the same thing. And what I'll tell you is I'm not sure this model is a whole lot different from what we did 15 years ago. So, it's a bit of an evolution towards that if you will. So, you asked what we're giving up. This just seems like a refinement in the model to focus on key accounts that can really move the needle and free up a lot of time for talented salespeople to go after those accounts. And we think that makes us grow faster at one tidbit. And that is, I'm probably more sensitive to this change than most. I think I grew up on a farm in Wisconsin, and I think of my dad would be what I would have just described as a B2 small business. He basically had himself; he and my mom ran the farm. The kids helped, but they did the real lifting, but it was a small business. And I'm very conscious of -- we want to serve that customer too. And how do we figure out the best way to serve it? So when I see web feedback come in and I read every web feedback that comes in. I've called quite a few customers over the last year and a half. To understand some of the feedback's positive, some of it's negative, it's a rare conversation I don't come off it with the response from the customer saying, I didn't know you guys could do that. Hell, I'd rather buy from you that way. That's how I do a bunch of stuff in my personal life. I just didn't know. You guys did that, because I think as the hardware store in Rice Lake, Wisconsin, and so, I think the market wants us to do it.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, makes sense. All right, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just to follow up on that last question in terms of the freed of time to sell the customers, Dan, how do you think about the priorities there? Is it Onsites or national accounts and more mid-sized customers, maybe all of the above, like what is that, you know, kind of new ideal customer that the sales force is freed up to go pursue. And is there some sort of seasoning period as they get to meet what our -- I would imagine our newer customers, or are they productive right away?
Dan Florness: The priority is very simple, have a plan. And that plan involves know who your larger opportunities are in the marketplace and make sure you're engaging with those customers, know who really understand the potential of your existing customers in the market and engage with that customer and then have a plan for everybody else. And that means when something is ordered electronically and it's a smaller customer serve the heck out of that customer, meet that customer where it works for both parties, and that means if somebody orders it, if it's in the branch, it's ready for them in a short window of time for them to come in and pick it up. If it's something that's not in the brand and some distribution center, we get it in the next morning. And it's in a locker at 7 o'clock in the morning, or it's ready for the customer to pick up in the branch at 7 o'clock in the morning. So, you're very mindful of what is your plan because the bulk of the dollar opportunity is coming from the larger opportunities in the market. That's just math, but you want a nice mix to your business, because it helps to be a great partner to a wide range of customers. And we can be a special business because we can fulfill transactions faster than our industry because of our local stocking and our captive distribution network. We have a better cost structure to our industry. We have a better fulfillment cycle to our industry, and it's incredibly reliable. And we have that local team that can react to the unexpected. And that's what froze up for so many companies in the second quarter of 2020. They don't have the decentralized something special local that can react to the unexpected.
Holden Lewis: And I think what you do with that time is it frees you up to spend more time in front of those key accounts where those large volume opportunities are, and what comes out of that is going to be determined by that conversation. And so do we think its more Onsite probably because we think Onsites to bring a tremendous amount of value. Is it more FMI probably because we think that brings a tremendous amount of value, but ultimately remember, Josh, our model is set up, so that we don't have one solution for a customer. We don't have one solution for each of the customer's plants. We have a different solution that's tailored to each plant for each customer. And when we're out having a conversation about how we can do that, when we have more time to have that conversation, we suspect more Onsites will come out of it. We suspect more digital footprint is going to come out of it, but ultimately it's about the conversation with the customer that gains us share as a supply chain partner.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful color around. And then just a follow up on Onsites, I know that, I saw that in the release the closings I guess in conversions together, kind of remain elevated here. Is that just a function of folks kind of reassessing post-COVID now that they're back out in the world, do you think that's more of a temporary phenomenon or is this just kind of the run rate they're on term for a while?
Holden Lewis: Well, since the level of how does it seem to have changed during COVID or after COVID. I guess I'd say that it's been a little sticky. If you've talked to the folks in Onsite, I think they would say the 27 and the quarters have been elevated. And I think that if we were at a piece of 80, I don't think that would surprise anybody. A pace of a hundred is probably a little bit more than you might've expected. Why that is. I'm not sure. Now each quarter, we again, we go through why we're seeing closings and what we take out of that is the large majority of those closings continue to either be a plant being shut and the volume going elsewhere, or going to a different geography or simply a decision on the part of somebody at Fastenal to say this isn't actually working out as an Onsite. We think we can service this just as well, if not better at a branch, and we're going to take it back there and do it that way. And that continues to be the vast majority of the closures that we see as opposed to those fewer cases where it's we've lost the business, which does happen, but it's the minority of those closures. So, in the case of the first, there is not much we can do about plants moving, right. In the case of the second, we're making a business decision and I can't tell you it's a bad decision. In the case of the third that happens, every now and again, you lose a piece of business, but for the most part, what we're not seeing is our competitive moat around Onsite to get the grade, and that's why we're seeing closings. We just haven't seen any indication of that. So that mix hasn't changed, and that answer hasn't changed and that's I guess where I'd leave it and we're as excited about Onsite as we'd been in the last decade.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes. Great, appreciate the color, guys.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, gents.
Dan Florness: Hey, good morning.
Nigel Coe: So, Dan, I think you mentioned last quarter, the outlook for pricing some of it in the normal range, I think you said 2% at the upper ends. Is that going to be enough to offset the inflation that you're referring to in the back half of the year? Do you need to go above that? Is that normal 2% range?
Dan Florness:
,:
Nigel Coe: Okay. Yes. You mentioned 3Q, Holden, and sometimes -- you know, you do give some color on gross margin mix, and I'm just -- given the moving pieces on inflation pricing, and also the pandemic mix is coming down as well, how do we think about that sequential build instead backup for the year on close margins?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I mean it's -- well, I guess we'll always argue over what we find to be unusual circumstances that we should guide for, I guess I'm not doing it the same way this time around. But I mean, I think if you think about the dynamics around gross margin, right? I mean the last couple of months we've seen costs of overseas transportation go up and that goes through our cost of goods, right. Obviously the cost of fuel not a big expense, but continues to go up. If you think about the fill-in buys that Dan referred to earlier, those are going to continue to be at a fairly high clip. If we think about price costs being a wild card, I don't think that our second quarter is going to be $46.5 million. I would not be surprised to see a taper off from that level. But where that goes as orders me, I'm sorry. When I say second, sorry, third quarter. Yes, I fully expect second quarter to be $46.5 million. I don't expect third quarter to be at that level, I think that there's just, forces in the marketplace that are going to work against that before you talk about price cost. And then, there's the wildcard about our level of achievement on price costs. And that it'll be clear, we have plans for pricing. We have systems for pricing. We're not writing off the idea of being neutral price costs. We're going to work very hard to maintain that. And I think there's a good chance we could be, I'm just saying that the pressures are going up, and we have to be respectful that.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Snyder of UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on the earlier conversation on the Onsite closures. Like as you guys were saying, we've seen this 100ish run rate, really starting in '19 and carrying through today and 100 as per year, I mean. And with that the turn has gone higher to high single-digit from pre-2018. It was really in the low single-digit. I guess my question is, as you're scaling it, is it incrementally more challenging to find Onsite candidates that you have, high conviction aren't going to move are going to be suitable from a volume standpoint?
Dan Florness: Simple answer, no, it's not more challenging. There's ample opportunity out there. What is challenging is in the last 15, 16, 17 months of the proposition I'm talking to a customer moving in with them, when they want to be distanced from everybody on the planet. Imagine having an apartment, you bring in a roommate it's kind of the same concept. You just don't -- you don't want to be around people. And that's changing. And so seeing that expand, some things that, if you think about vending, which we've been doing now for 13 -- going on 13 years, when vending really took off for us, in that latter part of 2011, 2012 standpoint. In the following year, we were pulling out 25%, 28% of the devices that we would install, because some of them are just bad. And we didn't know what we didn't really know what we're doing yet, because we were creating an industry. And then that went to 22%. And then it went to 18%. And then as our participation and our knowledge base across the organization improved today 13 years later, we remove every year about 12% of our devices. We think we can get that to 10 with our list strategy, and some of the things we're doing to make it a little bit easier to serve FMI devices, but we think we can get that 10, but it's still 10%. The real question is what is that natural number for Onsite? And five years into a really hard push, unfortunately, a year plus of that five years is COVID. And so I don't know that we know what that number is. Now, we do know that about half of the Onsites that we close are because the customer moved the facility or closed down the facility. And the other half are, we pulled some back, we lose some visitors. So, there's a number of dynamics. There's some where we grow it from 30% to 60%. And we get stuck at 60%. And as Holden mentioned a few minutes ago, we've just moved back to the branch, because it's more efficient for everybody. Or the customer kicks us out, because they're out of room. And I don't like Onsite closers, but I know and I don't like FMI devices coming back, but I know it's part of the business, and the real question is, can we as an organization, over time, outgrow our industry can gain market share more efficiently, more productively, and we'd be redundant quicker than everybody else, so we can do that with Onsite and FMI devices and all the things we're doing. I love the business.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And I think the reason we look at it every quarter, why those closings happen, it's just so that we understand why. And when you think about that, typically I think people think about a closure as a loss of revenue and in the large -- in the majority of cases a closure of an Onsite is not a closure, it's not a loss of revenue, in fact, to the extent that there was some progress at the Onsite at the original inception we might be bringing more to the branch than less than initially. And so, when you think about the closure rate, think about cut it in half, because a bunch of the business, we're still maintaining. And then as Dan indicated, there's some historical precedent here with vending. We ran hard and fast to sort of get into the marketplace. We learned a lot. And as we learned a lot, we sort of cleaned up some things that maybe we did when we were -- when we're early on in the initiative, and then we were smarter and more efficient coming out of it. I think we're really following a very similar pattern here.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate all of that. And I guess, for following-up and trying to tie the Onsite conversation into your prepared remarks around hiring. I guess from the customer standpoint, whether it's social distancing in the factory, or them having trouble bringing in new employees. Has that impacted maybe your revenue per Onsite year-to-date? And as that all begins to come back, should we expect the revenues at Onsites to outpace growth over across the remainder of the business in the coming quarters?
Dan Florness: Yes, I'm not quite sure how to answer your question from the standpoint of if the social distancing in the plan means their production is down 20%, and we're supplying OEM parts, OEM fasteners, it would impact us 20% in that plant. If it's MRO it would impact us directionally.
Chris Snyder: But I guess the question is more on the safety side. So when we see the pictures of the vending machines, it seems like there's a lot of workforce consumables in that that are maybe more tied to how many people are in the plant, not necessarily the output from that plant?
Dan Florness: Yes, but they usually go hand-in-hand. But when it comes to vending the FMI devices for the vending machine over half the revenue there is PP&E. And that's directly related to how many human beings are in that plant, and for how many hours of the day. And so, if there's a smaller number of human beings, but they're spread out over multiple shifts, so the same amount of hours are being worked. I wouldn't expect safety to be impacted. It might be higher, because people are much more conscious about safety that today than about wearing a mask or wearing gloves or doing anything. People weren't better about washing their damn hands today than they were a year-and-a-half-ago. And so, to that extent, you might have fewer people and more consumption. Because everybody's saying, do this, do this, do this, and you're more conscious do it.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate that.
Dan Florness: But I don't really specific to Onsites either. I mean, if what your time as labor productivity in general, I mean that could be true broadly. But sector has gotten more productive over time. And we continue to drive safety revenues, because we continue to gain market share, we think that opportunities still there.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Dan Florness: I actually thought you were going a different place with the question. And I thought you were going to the place of, if it's really difficult to hire, does that help your ability to sign Onsites, because it's difficult for your customer to hire. I would say it sure doesn't hurt. And but it's difficult for us to hire for that too. It's just that -- it's a more efficient model. So the customer doesn't need to hire three people and maybe we need to hire one. And so it becomes an enhancer, but it's -- I don't know how you quantify that.
Chris Snyder: Interesting color. Thank you for that.
Dan Florness: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ryan Gunning: Hey, guys, good morning. It's Ryan Gunning, actually filling in for Hamzah.
Dan Florness: Hi, good morning.
Ryan Gunning: Good morning. Could you talk about market share gains and how much you're kind of outperforming in terms of growth versus your end markets?
Dan Florness: Yes, I mean you have to make an adjustment, obviously for the pandemic and the search sales, which I've done. And if you compare our growth than anything I indicated fasteners grew 28%. And if you take out the pandemic would have been comparable across the business. I think if you compare that to what industrial production has done during the quarter, or to any of the industry surveys that are out there, I think that you would see that we outgrew them -- outgrew growth and both of those measures. So, we feel good about the continued market share gaining capabilities of the business.
Ryan Gunning: Got it. That's helpful. And then, could you talk about how you're thinking about freight going forward than just where maybe you are in terms of optimizing your fleet from a route perspective and other last mile delivery factors?
Dan Florness: Yes. I tell you what, I'm going to ask Holden to take that one offline, because we're right against the hour and I, we're pretty strict. We try to hold this to an hour because we realized we're on earnings season and the analyst community isn't on the call to jump on, or stop the review. So, we'll take that one offline. But thank you to everybody for participating in the call today and to the Fastenal team on the call. Thanks for what you did in the second quarter. Good luck on third.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in Fastenal. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal Companys 2021 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ms. Ellen Stolts of Fastenal. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2021 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Quarter. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Todays conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio-simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2021 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our Q1 earnings call. I will take you to -- we have our Annual Meeting a week from Saturday and because of that and too much -- most peoples great satisfaction, I will not tell a story this morning and we will get right into the quarter. If I go to page three of the flipbook, but rest assured, if you participate in our Annual Meeting next weekend, I will tell a story or two. If I go to page three of our flipbook, so our earnings -- diluted earnings per share were $0.37 in the quarter, an increase of 3.7%. Net sales were up 3.7% as well, on a daily basis, they were up 5.3%. Some things stand out for me when I think of this quarter, obviously, we had the storms in February and a massive storm, much more than we have seen in years past, but winter is like that. It has storms and it impacts our numbers. Probably the most meaningful impact though and larger than the storms was the fact that we had one less calendar day, 63 versus 64, I believe. And that might not seem like a big deal in the scheme of life, but we do about $23 million a day and that day we missed. Most of our expenses center on the month, whether its rent or payroll or things like that, they center on a period of time. And so most of our expenses are still here despite the fact that we have one less day. So if I assume $0.30 to $0.40 of that $1 lost in that day, would flow to the bottom line. Thats about a $7 million to $9 million impact to the quarter and so can have a very meaningful impact. I point that out only because Q4 has a similar anomaly. 2021 is a weird year. We lose two business days, one in the first quarter and one in the fourth, and I point that out just to make sure we are aware of that. But very impressed with what our team is doing to manage expenses and to grow the business in this environment. Additional item in the quarter, we wrote down about $8 million worth of 3-ply masks. Now 3-ply masks is not historically a product line or a product we sell much within Fastenal. As Holden mentioned in the release, from April of 2020 to March of 2021, we sold roughly $110 million worth of 3-ply masks. So it was about 2% of our sales over the last 12 months. Thats a sign of the pandemic. And what we did as a supply chain partner in the marketplace is we went out last spring and locked up supply. We were willing to spend dollars to buy a sizable amount of inventory. We knew it was a risky venture going into it. But we felt it was the right thing to do for our customers, for our employees, and quite frankly, being in a strong position, we felt would also serve society quite well. And if I had a do over, Id do it again. I think it was a great decision. Our team did a great job. But I think it also demonstrated to our customers and to potential customers what we are about as a supply chain partner and we are willing to do things like that in this type of environment. So not only did we have the operational capability to handle it, we have the financial capability to do it and we have the sense of prioritization to also do it. It requires all three and so I am really impressed with the team. I have to say earlier this morning, I chuckled out reading through, I think, Adam Uhlman and Dave Manthey sent out reports earlier this morning. And I really had a kick out of Dave Mantheys. I believe it was bullet number three, where he commented, while FAST does not report adjusted anything, core gross margin, he went on to explain the impact of the $8 million. You are absolutely correct. We do not report adjusted anything. We are not an acquisitive company. We are not a manufacturer thats leveraging and talking about EBITDA. We are a distributor. And I dont think distributors in our position should be doing that and I am really proud of what we have done and with how it positions us going forward. I also think the write-down of inventory. Its still great inventory. The write-down of inventory is one of the most -- is one of the bullish -- most bullish comments we could make as an organization, internally and externally because we believe the market is going to change for masks in the months to come. Because we believe the economy is healing and thats showing up, as you see in our next bullet, when we talk about FAST in our daily growth. So we grew about 4% in the first quarter, but it was 14% in March. Now before you get too excited about that number, that is a bit of a comp issue as well. So I think sequential has a lot more to tell the story. Just like we saw a decade ago in 2009, sequential was what its about. January to March, our sequential fasteners grew -- sequentially our fasteners grew 7.1%. If I go back to -- ignore 2020 and go back to the years before that, 2015, 2019, on average, we grew 4.9%. Thats a sign of the strength in the economy and thats what led us to write-down the masks, because we see the market changing, and we saw very good sequential patterns in our manufacturing, particularly in our heavy manufacturing end markets. We also mentioned in the release that we are seeing increasing supply chain pressure. I dont think that should come as a surprise to anybody. I suspect everybody regardless of where you live on the planet, saw that ship in the Suez Canal sitting cockeyed for about five days, six days -- I think almost five days. Thats merely a very visual thing that we are seeing in ports around North America. We are seeing in ports around the world and theres a lot of constraint. And constraint and rising activity create one thing and that is inflationary pressures and we are seeing that. Pretty nominal impact to the first quarter, we do anticipate seeing a larger impact as we move into Q2 and Q3. As we saw in much of 2020 and its continued in 2021, the team, whether that be our local team, our district and regional leadership, our finance teams, did a wonderful job managing working capital and as a result, very, very strong cash flow performance. Flipping on to page four, while we are not back to pre-pandemic signings, we saw improvement in the signings of Onsites and we signed 68 in the quarter. Again, thats our highest number since pandemic began. We ended the quarter with 1,285 active sites, an increase of 9% over last year. The daily sales in that Onsites business grew mid-to-high single digits. And the only problematic area, if you will, in the quarter is, A, the level of signings, which is improving. But also the older Onsites are still sluggish and thats really a reflection of that underlying customer base, but the momentum is improving as we went through the quarter. Holden did soften a bit, the signings and thats more of a function of the current environment we operate in, has nothing to say about the long-term opportunity we see in this piece of our business. We are very excited about the Onsite business. FMI, and hopefully, you have gotten -- you have adjusted to some of the new reporting that Holden has, I will let him dig into that in a little more detail. I think he did a nice job explaining it in the release. I think he did a nice job explaining it in our annual report. With the acquisition of the Apex Technologies a year ago. And with additional pieces that our team has built, FMI has moved beyond being strictly vending to a much wider swath of business. We are really excited about that. Like Onsite, FMI requires strong engagement with the customer. It also requires going into customers facilities. One thing that surprised me probably more in the last 12 months of anything is the willingness of customers to continue signing Onsites, the continue signing -- vending even at a lower level in an environment where you wanted to kind of lock up your facility and keep it safe for your employees. We have been -- during this entire timeframe, we have been welcomed in the customers facilities to replenish bins, to replenish line stocking, to replenish vending and we are seeing that open up more and more each and every day. Flipping to e-commerce, e-commerce daily sales rose 35% in the quarter. Our large customer-oriented EDI was up almost 38% and our web sales were up 29%. With that, I will switch it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. Starting on Slide 5 of the flipbook, total and daily sales were up 3.7% and 5.3%, respectively, in the first quarter of 2021. The severe storms that affected the U.S. in February reduced growth in the quarter by 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Demand improved for our traditional manufacturing and construction customers. For instance, manufacturing is up 5.6% in the first quarter, but accelerated to up 10.8% in March. Construction was down 7.5% in the first quarter, but improved to flat in March. Fasteners are a great bellwether of activity, and as Dan noted, the rate of change between January and March of 2021 well exceeded the typical pattern. We saw similar patterns in vended safety products and total and heavy manufacturing industries. So, yes, comparisons began to ease in March, but even so, its clear that underlying demand growth is improving at an accelerating pace as well. Now the counterbalance to gains in our traditional business is moderating demand for COVID-related products. Daily sales of safety products were up 14.7% in the first quarter of 2021, but that slowed up 3.2% in March. We have seen daily sales of non-vended respirators and gloves, which were heavily pandemic-oriented ease over the past few months. Daily sales to government customers were up 37.3% in the first quarter of 2021, but that slowed up 14.5% in March. This pattern will become more pronounced in the second quarter of 2021, given the absence of surge sales that we had in the second quarter last year. Our long-term goal, however, is to retain customers that engaged with us for the first time during the pandemic. Along those lines, 26% of the customers who bought PPE from us for the first time in the second quarter last year continued to buy from us in the first quarter, contributing more than $60 million in sales. The primary area that is still being restrained by COVID-related accommodations, are growth driver signings, as Dan discussed earlier. We do not believe market receptivity to our growth drivers has changed. As access to facilities and key decision makers continues to improve as it did in the first quarter, we believe signings activity will as well. When we look at the second quarter of 2021, we see quarterly growth that is flat to slightly down. As you know, we do not traditionally provide forward guidance. However, given the convergence of accelerating demand in our traditional markets, share gains and safety and the absence of $350 million to $360 million in surge sales, we just felt some perspective on an unusual comparison would be useful. Now over to Slide 6. Gross margin was 45.4% in the first quarter of 2021, down 120 basis points versus the first quarter of 2020. Roughly half of this decline related to the mask write-down addressed earlier. The remainder is split between customer mix and lower product margins in fasteners and safety. For fasteners, lower margin OEMs growing faster than other categories, which is likely to continue. However, pressure related to a couple of large customer implementations and from spot buys to manage the tight supply chains should ease in the second and third quarters of 2021. In safety, PPE sales to government remain meaningful and carry lower margins. While the margin on this business may remain lower, likely improvement in the non-government mix in upcoming quarters relative to the first quarter should benefit the overall product margin. The decline in gross margin was matched by 120 basis points of SG&A leverage, producing an operating margin in the first quarter of 2021 of 19.8%, flat with the prior year. Excluding the write-down, it would have leveraged nicely in the first quarter of 2021. This leverage continues to be a function of good control of headcount, branch reductions, lower selling-related transportation expenses and reduction of discretionary spend such as travel and supplies. Our incremental margin was 18%, but excluding the write-down would have been roughly 33%. The organization managed costs effectively in the first quarter of 2021 and we believe that will continue. However, remember that in the second quarter of 2021, the comparisons will get tougher as we anniversary the first period to have been affected by the pandemic and the related cost savings measures. At the same time, demand is improving, which will likely bring incremental investment to business. As a result, relative to the adjusted incremental margin of 33%, we would expect incremental margins to moderate in future quarters. Putting it all together, we reported first quarter 2021 EPS of $0.37, up 3.7% from $0.35 in the first quarter of 2020. Now turning to Slide 7. Operating cash flow of $275 million in the first quarter of 2021 was 131% of net income. Year-over-year accounts receivable was up 2.1%, while inventories were down 3%. Sequentially, our working capital expanded more slowly than is historically typical. This is due in part to improving receivables quality, lower branch count and initiatives to improve the flow of our internal logistics, reduce slow moving product and make local inventory more efficient. We believe these represent improvements in our working capital that will be sustained. However, less welcome was tightening global supply chains, which contributed to our hubs having about $15 million less in inventory on hand than we had intended. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2021 was $30 million, down from $47 million in the first quarter of 2020. This was largely from lower vending spend, which was a product of lower signings over the past 12 months and better device costs stemming from the app -- from the Apex asset acquisition. Our 2021 net capital spending range is unchanged between $170 million to $200 million. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $161 million in dividends. And from a liquidity standpoint, we finished the first quarter of 2021 with net debt at 2.2% of total capital, down from 9.5% in the year ago period and 5.1% versus the fourth quarter of 2020. Essentially all of our revolver remains available for use. Now before moving into Q&A, I wanted to address a couple of subjects of current interest. First, we are experiencing significant material cost inflation, particularly for steel, fuel and transportation costs. This did not have a material impact on the first quarter of 2021. Price contributed 60 basis points to 90 basis points to growth and the impact of price cost on margin was immaterial. However, we are instituting broad and material pricing actions in the second quarter of 2021 that will likely lift pricing contribution over the course of the year. Customers never like higher prices of course, but they are busy in seeing increases throughout the supply chain. Further, the tools and processes we have developed, including data for our customers has never been more effective. The environment today is receptive. Second, we are also impacted by tightening global and domestic supply chains. On the sales side, certain of our customers are not operating as fully as they could be due to shortage of components. On the cost and service side, moving product has become increasingly costly and lead times have lengthened, causing product shortages in our hubs. These shortages have been overcome with spot buys made in the field that have allowed us to sustain service but at lower margins. We believe this dynamic could persist through 2021, though perhaps not quite as intensely in the second half as we are experiencing currently. That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we will take questions.
Dan Florness: We have one other comment. Before we switch over to Q&A. In the last several quarters, I have shared with you our employee COVID numbers and I neglected to mention that earlier and I just wanted to run through these with you. So since the start of COVID-19, we have had 1,685 cases within the Fastenal Blue Team family. With just over 20,000 employees, thats roughly 8.5% of our employees contracted COVID. I consider that a low number when you look at the fact that unlike many organizations, our employees didnt have the luxury of being able to work out of a room in their basement or home office. Our employees go to work every day and work in a manufacturing facility, a distribution center, work in a branch or Onsite location or drive a truck, and so they are actively engaged with customers in their environment. If I look at the peak, our peak period was November of 2020. We had 430 cases or roughly 86 per week. To give you a contrast, in March of 2021, we had 102 cases or 26 per week, a drop of 70%. We think that is a sign of whats happening in the underlying marketplace and makes us bullish as we look out into 2021. We will switch over to Q&A now, please.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Jake Levinson of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Jake Levinson: Good morning, everyone.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Jake Levinson: Just wanted to -- I know, Holden, you touched on pricing a little bit in the quarter, but maybe you can just give us a sense of what the pricing environment looks like more broadly? And if you can put a finer point on what you are expecting for either the next couple of quarters or the year?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way we described it was simply an environment where you are seeing an increase in costs around transportation. You are seeing it in steel. You are seeing it in fuel and that ultimately goes through plastics. So, I think, in general, we are seeing an inflationary environment and I suspect that that doesnt surprise anybody. It also shouldnt surprise anybody, I believe, that we are going to react to that a number of ways, but a part of that is going to involve pricing behavior. And so in the second quarter, we are going to have to institute some price increases as a means of mitigating things. So when I talked about the 60 basis points to 90 basis points of impact from price in the first quarter, I do expect that to be higher as we get into the second half of this year. Now will it be outside of our normal sort of 0% to 2% range? No. I dont think it will be. I dont think its anything of that order of magnitude and I think that our objectives remain the same. And that is to neutralize the impact on our margin and essentially stay even within the marketplace and I think those are our goals. But in order to do that, obviously, we will have to take actions, given where the market is today. I guess the good news, maybe let us call it the news is that right now our customers are really busy. Our customers are seeing these types of actions from a lot of different quarters and so theres always a conversation. This is an environment where inevitably customers for -- within these supply chains start wondering if theres other places that they could get a better piece price and thats the kind of thing that happens in the marketplace and during periods of inflation. But we are not seeing anything unusual or different in the marketplace in terms of an inflationary environment than I think we have experienced in the past, and we expect to be able to manage through it.
Jake Levinson: Thats helpful color. Thanks. And maybe just as a follow-up and I know, obviously, theres some pretty well-publicized supply chain challenges out there. But has it changed how you guys are thinking about working capital, or is there -- are you carrying extra buffer inventory or anything like that to kind of manage through the speed bumps, if you will?
Dan Florness: You know what, heres Id say about that. If we could -- we were probably $15 million, maybe a little bit more light in the hubs versus what we would have expected to be going into the quarter. And the reason for that is because we simply couldnt move product from where it was into our hubs as quickly as demand began to accelerate. And so to the question of, are we carrying a bunch of buffer inventory? No, I wouldnt say that we are carrying a bunch of buffer inventory. I am not sure theres a lot of buffer inventory in the channel. But what I think is impressive about what our field does is, culturally, we have always empowered individuals in our business units to make very independent decisions. And this is not the first time that they have been called upon to go out and source product where we havent been able to provide it out of the hub in certain cases. And when I sort of send out the survey to the RVPs, one of the comments that came through loud and clear is, whatever supply chain disruptions are happening at the customer level, its not because we arent getting them product. We are managing to source product locally in the field and we are continuing to keep up with things. But it does involve a lot more effort and time sourcing that product. But I think thats one of the strengths of the organization. And so supply chain is not unique to Fastenal in terms of the tightness thats out there, but I think we are uniquely structured to manage it and navigate it. I think we saw that in Q1 and I think thats good for a -- in terms of market share gains over time. It does have a little bit of a margin impact, right? I mean, sourcing outside our supply chain isnt quite as profitable as sourcing within it and you saw some of that in the fastener line. But as we normalize the supply chain as you go through the year, to the extent we can, I think, you will see that effect moderate.
Holden Lewis: I will just add a comment and that is when I think of environments like this historically, I -- as many of you know, I have a financial background. So being at an organization that has months of inventory on hand because of our network and how we operate while its an expensive way to operate, its also an incredibly resilient way to operate. I think that shined through in 2020. I think that has shined through in the years past when theres a little bit of chaos going on in the supply chain. It allows us to be a little bit more agile because we do have some inventory on the shelf.  What we are really seeing in changes is and I mentioned it to our own employees on an internal video. Historically, our supply chain team might be pinging branches with reorder points that are 90 days out, 100 days out, 110 days out. What our supply chain teams are doing, we are going out even further. We are going out into August and September and we are pinging folks and saying, hey, we might want to order this now. We might want to do some things now, get it in motion now because there are some disruptions. We want to be in queue for product.  One thing that has historically helped us for being in queue for product, we are an organization that is known in the industry for being incredibly responsive to paying its bills. We have a strong cash position. We can move faster than anybody else as a result and that positions us well. And history has told, being in environments like this. I believe it tips to scale towards Fastenal a bit on its ability to take market share, because we will have inventory, we will have opportunities and abilities to move in the marketplace that some of our competitors wont. And I am primarily talking about a lot of the more local competitors as opposed to some of the national players.
Jake Levinson: Thats helpful. Thank you, guys. I will pass it on.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Snyder of UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I guess starting with the $8 million PPE inventory write-down. Does this clear the decks, so to speak, or is there a risk of additional write-downs in Q2, and then, could you maybe just help frame how you think about the gross margin trajectory as you move past that?
Holden Lewis: No. It doesnt clear the decks. The fact is, its still a good product and its still moving. The only difference in the market is that the value of it relative to when we purchased it is lower today than it was and thats just about market dynamics. So a full write-off of that wouldnt have been appropriate or frankly necessary. So thats probably how Id characterize that.
Dan Florness: Only thing I would have to add is, masks were -- the 3-ply mask was a unique item for us. There arent other products that are like that and where we went out and bought that kind of supply. And so from that standpoint, we have priced this now where it can more easily sell in the marketplace. Our local teams are motivated to grow their business and grow it profitably if we have expensive inventory itself and that could spend a lot of time trying to sell it and we want that inventory to turn.
Holden Lewis: So I think your question was, in part, is there a risk of another write-down? I mean, the product thats on the shelf is good product for the next 15 months and the expectation is that, we will be able to sell whats remaining on our shelves over the course of that 15-month period.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate that. And then, I guess, following up on the comments on supply chain disruption. If you look back to the Q2 2020 supply chain disruption, Fastenal seemingly took pretty material share with customers leaning on their -- the biggest suppliers. Are you seeing a similar dynamic in the current market with the port delays and whatnot?
Holden Lewis: Well, we think that that potential is there. I would say the supply chain issues, pricing issues, those are more sort of run of the mill issues within distribution historically, whereas what occurred last year was generally unique and intense, right? So, I mean, on an order of magnitude, do I think that you are going to see $350 million to $360 million of sales that you wouldnt have otherwise in this current environment? No, nothing of that sort. But going back to what, Dan and I talked about a moment ago, the ability of our people in the field to be able to go out and find product independently to fill in gaps that we may have as our traditional supply chain is perhaps a little tight. I think that, that is an advantage to our business. It was an advantage last year, as Dan talked about. I mean, a lot of the customers that we source and things like that, there was a local element to that. I think it will be an advantage this year just because right now what our customers are concerned about as demand goes up is having a product available and the flexibility in our business and in our model. I think thats going to provide us an advantage when making sure that service levels remain high and availability remains high, that I think its going to give us market share. But I wouldnt expect anything so intense as what you saw last year at this time.
Chris Snyder: I appreciate that.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Hi, Dave.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
David Manthey: First off, I -- pre-pandemic in, say, 2019, I believe safety was running about 17%, 18% of your mix. I am just wondering how you are thinking about where that mix percentage bottoms out, would it be reasonable to expect 18%, 19% in the second half and then resuming the secular incremental uptick from there? Or does the glide path from pandemic products and the cyclical recovery and the sort of shop floor personal protection stuff cause the safety mix to bottom closer to 20% or so?
Dan Florness: Yeah. This is a guess, Dave, and I would be surprised to see it drop below 20%. And because theres a group of customers that are now safety customers, theres a group of customers that are expanded safety customers. And I have to believe as, even in the balance of 2021, I think, theres going to be a lot thing, a lot of habits that formed that will continue as we go through the year and I will speak to firsthand knowledge of what some things we are doing. So roughly, 93%, 94% of our employees cant work remotely, I mentioned that earlier. Around 6% of our employees can work remotely, because they are in supporting roles. And we did ask -- strongly asked a lot of those folks to go home a year ago, because we wanted to create a safer environment for everybody else, the people that had to be here. We have folks that are coming back and we are doing a lot of things as far as putting up partitions and different things that we didnt do over the last 12 months, because it wasnt necessary because the rooms were empty. But we are putting up Plexiglas barriers and we are putting in a lot of sanitizing stuff, because people are returning to work. Thats going to create a core demand. But Id be surprised to see a drop below 20%, and if it does, its because everything else grew faster than I am expecting.
Holden Lewis: And maybe to put some numbers to that for you as well, Dave. The -- in the first quarter, we generated a little over $60 million in revenues from customers that had not purchased PPE from us prior to the second quarter of last year and that amounts to a little over 1% of our sales. And I think that amounts to market share gains. And so when you think about where we were before and you think about those types of customers now being a part of our mix and contributing more than 1% to our -- to share, I think, that Dans right. We have always sort of thought 2021, 22% is probably where this settles out and I think that, thats still right.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you for that. And second, could you discuss the general economics of bin stock compared to vending Onsite in terms of gross and operating margins, return on capital?
Dan Florness: Well, the capital -- the cost of the device is much different. Its -- what essentially  I mean, and I will talk to the RFID, because thats our -- thats the biggest piece of it, at least it is currently. We will see if the IR beams within MRO bins, how big that becomes relative to it. But what it really is, is think of a Kanban system. And in that Kanban system, right now what you have is somebody has to physically go out and observe empty bins or gather the empty bins. What really changes in an RFID environment is, when that bin is empty, theres a -- think of it as a set of shelves and up above, theres this open box and you put the bin up there and theres an RFID tag that reads it and it tells our branch. It actually tells our supply chain team, we need to replenish this bin. And so, the biggest thing is the labor efficiency, but it also allows us to illuminate much more of the supply chain for the customer, so they can really see it and can operate a little bit leaner and we can reduce the inventory. I believe the inventory lean-up for our customer will fund the capital it takes for the actual devices because the only thing thats really changing is the technology enablement. The bins are the bins, they were there before. You have an RFID tag on them. So the capital piece is relatively modest, except for the actual communication talking, but the economics are better than bedding. And the real reason is, it becomes much more labor efficient to serve that business in the marketplace.
David Manthey: Perfect. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Dan Florness: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So, I guess, first question for Holden. Can you just update us on how to think about gross margins this year, just given the new headwinds on fasteners that you discussed? I think prior, Holden, you thought gross margins could be up slightly year-over-year in 2021, is that still the case or do we need to rethink that?
Holden Lewis: No, I dont think theres any need to rethink it. Again, we are taking actions to try to mitigate some of the pressures that we are seeing. I think the guidance that -- guidance is probably a strong word. But I think the suggestion that I made coming out of Q -- coming out of the last quarterly discussion was that, yeah, I expect gross margin to be up a little bit this quarter -- this year and - but we are probably talking about 50 basis points or less. The flip side of that is SG&A leverage will come up against the difficult comps of last year. And I would expect there to be marginal leverage on SG&A when you think about the comps and things of that nature. And then ultimately, what that translates into is an incremental margin for the year thats kind of in the 20% to 25% range. And I think that was kind of what we discussed last quarters call, and honestly, I dont think anything about that has changed.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Thats helpful. So it sounds like the increased headwinds on margins that you talked about because of the fill-in and the spot buy, that doesnt sound like thats meaningful.
Holden Lewis: Well, I mean, fill-in buys -- no, its not meaning -- we are not talking about tens and tens of basis points here. Its relatively small at this point. And again, we do believe that over the course of the year, we will smooth out the supply chain a bit, and of course, we will be taking pricing actions to mitigate some of those pressures as well, right? So, no, I dont think that those are major matters.
Ryan Merkel: Okay.
Holden Lewis: This assumes that we execute
Ryan Merkel: Very helpful.
Holden Lewis: this assumes we execute the strategy as well, right?
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay. Thats helpful. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Hi, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Hey. I was wondering if we could go back to the discussion about the Onsite signings. Could you maybe expand on what you are seeing in the negotiations that led you to reduce the full year signings outlook? I guess, I wouldnt have thought that the first half would have had big expectations for signings, maybe more of like a second half recovery, and then February, it was probably impacted by weather. I am just wondering what exactly you are hearing from your field guys there?
Holden Lewis: Sure. So, if you recall, last quarter what we said is, we talked about a $375 million to $400 million, because we wanted to convey to people that we believe thats what the market can support and we continue to believe thats what the market can support. But we also said at the time that business conditions would have to meaningfully improve in order for us to achieve that. And whereas I do believe that business conditions have improved, they havent normalized to where they were pre pandemic at this point, and the fact is in Q1, we landed $68 million. And so to be on the type of pace that we would have to do to do closer to 400, given that we have booked 68 in quarter one, it just seems like a stretch. When the conditions havent fully normalized from where we were before, right? Thats the one area that I believe is still being affected by COVID-related accommodations. So, given that, I think that it was worth -- I mean, I think, we sort of, I think, gave indication that this seemed like a high potential scenario when we talked last quarter and it just seemed like a prudent thing to do. Now note, we have kind of said the same thing about FMI this quarter, right? We believe that the market can support 23,000 to 25,000 weighted FMI devices. But we are going to need to see the activity levels continue to improve even from where it was Q1 to get there. Right now we are probably pacing a little bit low. But I think the important thing to just reiterate is, I dont think this has anything to do with the receptivity of the tools that we are providing in the marketplace. I dont believe that theres any belief on the part of our organization that we cant achieve those levels. But the environment is still normalizing. Its not there yet, and as a result, we may come in a little bit shorter, but the trend line is up.
Dan Florness: Yeah. I am going to comment on
Adam Uhlman: Okay.
Dan Florness: and Holden can be mad at me for this, Adam. When I was reading through Holdens flipbook, I saw that he had put in that sentence about the 300 to 350 range. There are certain times I go into Holden and I tell him my discrete with them and certain times I tell them I agree with them. So this is one where I dont know that I agree with him. Hes probably right. But I dont know if I agree with him. And that is, I think, if you look at first quarter, I believe 29 of our 68 signings were in the month of March. So it did tick up as we went through the quarter. Now thats not an unusual pattern because January is usually tentative and February was weaker because of the storm, as you mentioned. I think the risk of signings this year is more about customers really being busy and they just cant think about it right now. They just cant do it right now. And I think thats the risk of it not getting to that 100 per quarter pace. And thats the only reason I didnt ask Holden to remove that sentence from both the earnings release and the flipbook. Otherwise, Id ask him to remove it because I think the model is great, I think the market is receptive to it and I think we could ramp up faster. But there is that one risk that people are too busy to let it happen because change always takes energy and where do you want to prioritize your energy. But I am not completely in agreement with Holden on this one. But hes -- if I were a betting person, hes probably more right. But my message to our team internally is theres no reason why in the second half of the year, we shouldnt be at 100 a quarter. And the question is, can we get there in the month of - or in the second quarter and I will happily be wrong.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Gotcha. Thanks. Thats very helpful. And then, secondly, back to the inventory discussion, I understand its been difficult to get inventories into the DCs. I guess, how much do you think inventories need to increase this year to support the growth that you expect, realizing that you have some other internal initiatives going on?
Holden Lewis: Well, I know in Q1, obviously, we talked about the hubs being down $15 million-plus versus what we would have expected. And we need more product to make its way across. And as it does, I would expect the hub inventories to rise. I am not sure that we have necessarily put a number to that and I think a lot of its going to depend on the degree to which demand continues to run the way that it is. So - but I do believe that we are light on inventory in the hubs. As inflation continues to run through, I think, that will put some upward pressure on values of inventory as well. So I am not sure I have a good answer for you in terms of what the ultimate number is. But thats part of the answer to addressing what we are seeing in the supply chain and improving our service levels. But right now, we are a little bit low on inventory, we are a little bit low on fulfillment levels and we need to correct that. And in Q1, it would have required $15 million more and I think that builds a little bit as you get into Q2 and the supply chain pressures build. Now that will be offset to some degree with the work that we are doing internally to take out slow and no moving inventory. In terms of reducing the branch count, which the field continues to take some of the branches out, that makes sense to them. Those sort - I think, when we talk a little bit about the customer fulfillment center, which is a form of branch, which has much more customized and tailored inventory, those are all initiatives that I think are very sustainable. We will continue to mitigate the effects of supply chain over the course of the year. But right now, our inventory would be better off in having a little bit more in it than it does and thats going to motivate our work on improving the supply chain.
Dan Florness: Just the one thing I had is
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Florness: is just keep things in context, the $15 million that Holden cites, thats about a days worth of inventory. So its a number. Youve helped -- disclosing it was helpful. But in the context of things, we are blessed with an incredible supply chain and incredible resiliency as far as where the intake point is for inventory. The question is always the price point, but its a days worth of inventory.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Hi, Josh.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just back to -- good morning. Just back to, I think, Ryans earlier question, just to level set us on some of those gross margin considerations that you laid out last quarter. Holden, just with some of the dynamics that you talked about, which seem more acute in 2Q, particularly on like mix, price/cost, maybe some of those still in buys still having to persist for a while. Should we think of that as maybe fair for the year, but a bit more of a second half dynamic than what you were considering before? I know thats putting a pretty fine point on it, but just trying to sense like if there was some shift in the timing underneath that expectation, if not the total year number?
Holden Lewis: No, I dont think so. I am still trying to think through the question a little bit. I mean, we all know that we have a relatively easy comp on gross margin in 2Q. And so I havent really tried to think about it in terms of year-over-year rate of change. I think if you take the first quarter gross margin, you adjust for the write-down, which is our intention is that, that will be focused on 1Q 2021 and be done. Adjust for that, you are looking at a first quarter margin about 45.9%. If I move over to 2Q, normally, second quarter would see a little bit of a decline sequentially from Q1. I think that, that could come in somewhere around flattish and part of the reason is the mix that you are talking about. Interestingly enough, right now, the fastener/non-fastener mix is normalizing faster than the Onsite/non-Onsite mixes. And so that actually moderated the impact of mix in Q1 and we will see how that plays out in Q2. But its possible that could be a little bit moderate as well and I think that contributes to that. And of course, assuming we are effective on pricing that can contribute as well. So when I think about the second quarter gross margins, I think, it gets really messy to think about it year-over-year when we can kind of think about sequential patterns and try to run off of that. And I guess, I think -- when I think about Q2, instead of thinking about it in terms of the normal 20-basis-point decline, I think, that that could actually run a little bit more flattish and that would obviously be a meaningful increase year-over-year, but thats just a comp issue. That help?
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful perspective. Yes. That helps a lot. And then, I guess, sort of related to the supply chain tightness that Dan had talked about. Understanding there was a pretty big step-up in activity sequentially into March, presumably that that continues just as things reopen on the fastener side. I know growth isnt really homogenous, it can come anywhere. But are there limits to being able to grow here in the short-term, so you talked about kind of flattish to maybe down a little bit in 2Q? But if everything went your way, is there really capacity to grow a lot faster, I mean, I guess, I am thinking back to some of the weather interruptions in 2Q and those customers not being able to make up days immediately. Is that something thats sort of governed on the upside here, at least in the short-term until some of the supply chain stuff works out?
Dan Florness: When I think of limit to growth, I think of demand, I do not think of supply. When you talked about in February, there was a number of things that caused problems. One was you had plants down there with no power for -- our distribution center in Dallas was shut down for five days because we didnt have electricity. And so you had a lot of examples where -- I grew up in the North, I grew up in Wisconsin, so I realize that when temperatures get into the single digits, things freeze and you saw a lot of that. You had good plants that where there was no electricity and they werent operating and you had pipes freezing. You had hundreds and thousands of feet of pipes being replaced in a lot of facilities because they froze and they broke. And so the issue was one of the no power and then damage from the environment or no natural gas and essentially no energy to operate. Thats a different scenario than what we are describing here. Our limiting factor is demand and our ability to find more customers every day that want to use us as a supply chain partner.
Holden Lewis: Yeah.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it.
Holden Lewis: And on some level as well
Josh Pokrzywinski: Appreciate it.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, on some level as well, I mean, there are industries out there. I think the RVPs that are affected by auto talk about some lines shutting down because of availability of chips and things like that. So you might be referring to that as well. But you would know as well as we do what industries are having issues because of products that arent related to our products. Our objective is to make sure that when a customer needs something that we can supply that we can get that, weve been effective doing that. We cant control the chip supply chain or how that might flow through.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Dan Florness: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kevin Marek of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kevin Marek: Hi. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Kevin Marek: I think a lot has been said already, but just going back to the point made about market share gains, I know you called out, I think, it was like 26% of accounts that were first-time PPE buyers have reordered at this point. Is there anything you would add about gains made outside of PPE and maybe how share gains in core areas have shaped up over this pandemic period?
Holden Lewis: Yeah, I mean, theres -- unfortunately, theres no industry resource that tallies up how all the distributors do and gives anything definitive on that. So, I think, that we had an interesting picture provided to us around safety and the pandemic and new customers and things like that. But new customer acquisition is not usually so dramatic as what you saw during that period of time. So I think its really difficult to say. What I would say is we continue to grow as a business. And I think if you look at industrial production and things of that nature, I dont think that you are seeing that grow. There are some surveys that are done out there. And certainly through February, those surveys were still pointing to distribution being negative. Industrial production was still slightly negative. We were growing. So, I think, those are the ways that I usually look at it to judge or understand the degree to which we are gaining market share. Historically, we have outgrown our industry. Historically, we have outgrown industrial production. I think that that continued through Q1. I think the numbers are out there for you to evaluate and I think we will continue to do that.
Kevin Marek: Got it. No, that makes sense. Maybe just as a quick follow-up kind of following up on a prior question, I am wondering if you could talk about the trends through the quarter maybe by market, just thinking about manufacturing versus construction within March. It looks like results maybe, manufacturing seeing more acceleration versus construction or improvement, maybe just directly kind of comp-related. Is there any color you can provide to delineate kind of trends between the two?
Holden Lewis: Well, I dont know, I mean, if you look at the construction business, and interestingly, this has been one that in recent months, the RVPs have been talking about it getting better and better, and the numbers really didnt move and so its nice to see them begin to move. But I mean, if you look at construction, in January, construction was down 9% and February was down 14.5% and in March, it was flat. And so that marks fairly significant improvement. Now, you are right, the comps got easier. But I mean, thats true within manufacturing, which caused it to go from up 5% to up 1% to up 11%, right? So the comps are going to play a role. But the RVPs have been reporting for the last several months that the construction -- the tone of the construction market was getting better and there has been a bit of a lag to that. But it feels to me like both of those end markets are improving versus where they have been.
Kevin Marek: Got it. Thanks very much.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Dan Florness: So it is five minutes to the hour and I guess we will wrap up to Q&A. And I just want to thank everybody for listening in today and thanks for your support of the Fastenal Blue Team. Take care now.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes todays event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 Annual and Q4 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen Stolts. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Quarter. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio-simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2021 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ellen and good morning, everybody. And thank you for joining us for the Q4 2020 earnings call. I might not be on my A game today. And I point that only because typically when I do this call, I'm very fortunate that I have a moderator in the background and that is my wife who listens and will text me if I'm speaking too fast or rapidly or if I'm going too long. And then somebody who might say she needs to step in sooner. But today, I think she's probably online trying to see if she can convert her Packers season tickets into two tickets for Sunday's game. Time will tell. But if I go off on tangents, I apologize for that. I'd like to start with recapping our board meeting. The last yesterday discussions with leadership earlier this morning as we were able to share our earnings and our progress we'll look more broadly within the organization. And a bit of the video that we share with the 20,000 plus employees within Fastenal. And one is a more somber piece. And that is, as we've done in prior quarters, just want to share some COVID statistics with our shareholders. Because we can talk about a lot of things, but we have to start with most important and that is we were not immune, if you will, to the effects of COVID on the health of the Fastenal Blue Team family. Through September, and I previously shared that -- this information, we had 344 cases of COVID within the Fastenal organization. In the month of September, we were averaging about 17 new cases a week. In October, and as we progress into the fourth quarter we experienced what was experienced generally speaking throughout the markets when we operate, our case count increased dramatically. In October, we had 27 cases per week, a 10 increase over the 17 in September. So 106 cases, so through October, we had cumulatively 450 cases within the Fastenal family. That number essentially doubled in November, in November, we had 430 cases 86 per week. And in December, we started to see that trend down but still quite high at 60 per week 238 cases. So cumulatively through the end of the year, we had 1,118 cases within Fastenal. That's just over 5% of our population of employees, when you consider the fact that our business, and the way we operate doesn't afford us the ability to remove ourselves from society. 93%, 94% of our employees are in roles that involve day-to-day interactions with other human beings, whether that's at our branch or on site locations, working in a distribution center, working in manufacturing, driving a truck. So we didn't have that luxury and the fact that our number, I believe the US population, if what I read is accurate, we're just over 7% of the US population has had COVID. And we're at about five. So I believe our team has done a really nice job of exercising common sense, and trying to protect themselves and those around them every day and being mindful of the anxieties that exist in society. When I think of 2020, I also think of things that we did, from the perspective of things we did to improve our mode, to widen our mode to improve our business as we move into 2021 and beyond. And I think one of the first things is we demonstrated to the market. And we demonstrated to ourselves perhaps a bit of our problem solving ability. Our growth drivers demonstrated their value, and value from the standpoint of, it's a special way to engage with our customer. And because of the vending devices we have deployed, because of the on sites we have deployed, because of the way we engage with our customer. When most people were turned away at a customer's door, our folks were allowed to enter. And they were allowed to enter because we were stocking bins; we were we were filling vending machines, we were staffing the supporting infrastructure of their business from within inside their facility. And that was a special place to be in a special relationship. And because of that, we saw the success that we did in Q2, Q3 and Q4 and our ability to react and serve that marketplace in a unique way. The other pieces we demonstrated to a whole new group of customers. Maybe it's something that's special about Fastenal. The other thing that it reminded our teams and I reminded our board is we're coming into a weird year where we're forced to pivot and that's a great thing. We look forward to this pivot versus the last. But the optics of the year is abnormal. And I just want to remind the analyst community of that is I don't recall in my 25 years with Fastenal, it might have happened. Maybe it happened back in the 90s or 80s or 70s. I don't recall a year where we entered and we're going to be down two business days. And it's all you know that's an important ingredient and our ability to grow and leverage the business. So in Q1 we will lose one business day. Q2, we don't lose any business days or gain in the business days. But we have some weird comps because of the extreme surge we saw in safety sales in Q2 last year. Q3 is a normal quarter, if you will, and then it's a push on days. And then Q4, we lose a business day. So it's a 253 business day year versus 255. Just want to point that out. When you read the document and you hear our conversation, we will touch on some things about the Apex transaction that we did back in March. And Im really, really excited about what that means as far as our ability to broaden and illuminate how we serve our customer. And Apex is the technology that underpins our vending platform, and we have the largest industrial vending platform on the planet, and its a great platform. A lot of our other systems were disjointed from that because it was a captive platform. And so it allows us to broaden where we can bring supply chain knowledge and visibility to and were now referring to that as the FMI Suite of Things, Fastenal Managed Inventory. Within that are three distinct components, and Holden did a nice job illuminating it I think in the press release, and well talk about it today. But in that is FAST Vend, which is our vending platform, as weve talked about for years. The second component is FAST Bin, thats B-I-N. And thats a suite of Bin technology, its not restricted access like you see in a vending machine, its open access, but its for a lot of things like fasteners or pipe fittings or things like that, but its smart in the standpoint, the system tells us when its hungry and needs to be fed, and we dont need to have a person go check it or worse yet, our frequency of checking it means we have bin that runs out. And it allows us to lean down inventory and illuminate the supply chain for our customer over time. So its a better supply chain, but its also more efficient from a labor productivity supply chain. The third component is what we call FAST Stock. And that is, we deployed, as you all know, a tremendous amount of mobility technology. Now weve had a platform in the past, but that platform was very transactional-based. This is more system-based and allows us again to illuminate for the customer what they have in their facility, which is more efficient for the customer, more efficient for us. So well talk about that in combined. But take nothing away from the individual components of vending, which is a great element to enhance growth and engagement with our customer. What is broadening it because the Apex transaction allows us to do that. If I move into Holdens flip book, you can see, and Im on Page 3, our daily sales grew 6.5% in the quarter. The team did a great job of managing our operating cost throughout 2020, and it was exemplified in the current quarter and we produced operating earnings that were double-digit, 10.6%. Safety, as we have talked about on numerous prior calls, and I suspect continue to talk about in the calls as we enter 2021 because COVID is not behind us. But safety has been an outperformer for years, largely because its a product line that messes really well with our FAST Vend, our vending platform. So despite safety being a little bit less than 20% of sales, its produced for the last several years about 26% of our growth, but the contribution swells to 156% in 2020. And as I touched on in when I was first talking, it highlighted our problem solving culture in the marketplace. And I believe this should open up new customer and end market opportunities to us in the future, and Holden will touch a little bit of that in his talk. Customer engagement and growth drivers have improved. However, as you saw in 2020, it ravaged our ability to sign because in an environment where youre working really hard to protect your employees, maybe the last thing you want to do is all of a sudden, hey come on folks, fasten out. We love what youre doing, lets come in move in with us. It introduces a variable that many folks in a year like 2020 dont want to introduce, and you saw that choking our standing numbers, and Ill touch on that more in a few minutes. The Apex purchase I touched on already, utilization of e-commerce took a big step up in 2020. As I mentioned, commercialization of our FAST Vend and deployment of mobility, I believe will really evolve our model, evolve our ability to be efficient, because one thing thats really critical in this path, and weve talked about this for four or five years now. Whats really critical is were going much deeper into what we call our key accounts group. Much deeper into a large customer. And the gross margin profile because of customer mix and product mix changes. And then its incumbent upon us to allow the natural leverage to shine through. In other words, if youre doing more dollars, you have more places to spread your expense, but also to become more efficient, and thats what all these things tie to. The last piece is our branch model. Weve evolved it, and well touch on this in the months to come. But there are two distinct Fastenal branch models that have emerged in 2020. One is what we refer to as the CSB, the Customer Service Branch. And thats the traditional branch that many of you are familiar with where there is a showroom in front; there is walk-in element to our business. Still most of its going out the back door, but its a more traditional. Its about half of our branch network today. During 2020, and actually weve been testing this within a handful of regions for the last two, three years. We have whats referred to as the CFC, the Customer Fulfillment Center. Think of it as a branch where we closed the front door and the marketplace almost like that better or were able to operate more efficiently, and maybe we should keep it closed or maybe its closed to everything other than I will call or a pickup or maybe on a regular account base. And it allows everybody to go out the back door and most of our revenues go out the back door. And that is about half our branch network right now. And those are the things that are driving improvements to things like e-commerce that Ill touch on in a few minutes. The last thing is, and I want to put a call out. Im sitting at the table with Holden Lewis and Sheryl Lisowski, our Chief Financial Officer and our Chief Accounting Officer. Different circumstances allow folks to shine in different ways. And our team was able to shine this year from the standpoint of solving problems in supply chain for customers. Holden and Sheryl and the entire team were able to shine and that we produced an amazingly strong cash flow in 2020. And it put us in a position late in the year, similar to weve seen in prior occasions where we had some extra cash, we still see a need for that in our investments of the future, and we paid out a supplemental dividend late in the year. So my complements everybody on that as well. On Page 4, I started sharing this slide, I believe it was back in July, and this is looking at dispenses through vending. I think its a way for us to illuminate for you, our shareholder, what were seeing in underlying trends. So we index everything to 100, and these are weekly snapshots of dispenses going through those 95,000 plus vending devices in 25 countries. History would say if were at a 100, we should be at 103 by the early March. And the reason I call out that data point, thats right before the world shutdown. This year, we were running two points ahead of that, we were at 105. And as the economy shut down, so did the dispensing activity at our vending devices and it dropped 29 from 105 to 76. By the end of June, history would say, we should be at 109; 2020 wasnt historic in that regard, we were at 93. So we were down 16 still from that 29 drop-off in March and April. By the end of September, history says, hey, it should be 112, we were 104. So that negative 16 is now a negative eight. And we always ignore the last couple of year -- last couple of weeks of December because its world kind of shuts down because of the holidays. So if you look at the week just before that, history says, it should be about 121, we had about 115, were still down. A piece of that is economic activity. A piece of that is we didnt sign as many vending devices because we werent able to move in with as many people as we would like to, and were down six. The next page said this is dispenses. The next page is unique users. So how many people are coming to work at these customers. If there is 100 employees coming in every week back in October of 2019, history would say, because weve signed some more machines that are a growth to 104, this year we were at 107 in early March. Well, when those businesses shut down and werent using as much as because they didnt have as many employees. The number dropped 22 and it dropped from 107 to 85. The history says, by the end of June, we should be at 109. We were at a 101, were down eight. By the end of September, we should be at 115. We were at 109, were down six. By that week before Christmas, we should be at 123. Were down 119, negative four. In the employment front, that negative four is probably more about we didnt sign as many devices. So people are coming back to work and youre seeing in our underlying numbers, but still the activity is still subdued. And the one thing I did point out on Page 4, and I apologize for that, a few of the blips you see. In early July, thats obviously July 4th week. In late November, thats obviously Thanksgiving week. Going to Page 6. Onsite; we signed 36 in the quarter. Again, really, really choppy year. So we signed -- our goal coming in the quarter is 375 to 400. Were coming into the year; excuse me, with 375 to 400. It slowed in March. So in first quarter we signed about 85. Second quarter was 40. Came back a bit in Q3 at 62. In many ways, Q4 was a more chaotic environment than Q2 was. In that key search, I talked about our own surge internally and we only signed 36 of 223 for the year. But Holden included in the flip book and included in our write-up, our mindset is the same. The market we believe will support us signing 375 to 400 a year. Conditions need to open up to allow us to do that. I dont want the investment community to read from what we said here. Things are back to normal. Everything is hunky-dory and were going to do 400 signings. This is going to play out in Q1 and Q2. And as we borne into the year, the way the economy and the marketplace and the COVID environment will allow it to happen. You saw how it played out in 2020. We dont have a crystal ball. Were not the burning bush. We cant tell you whats going to happen. What you can tell is we believe the marketplace likes what this onsite is about and is open to that onsite. And its really about engagement with the customer. The onsite signings is just a marker and time of what that engagement has translated into. But were very bullish on the fact that onsite proved its value in 2020. Vending, I talked earlier about the whole FMI concept. Thats meant to provide better information to the investment community not to confuse the issue with vending and bins and all that kind of stuff. So read it as, this is an outgrowth of the Apex transaction. E-commerce, 38% growth in the fourth quarter of 2020. In March, we broke 10% of our sales being e-commerce for the first time ever. And Im pleased to say that, despite the fact that the surge actually hurt it, because most of surge orders, actually almost all of them, are outside of e-commerce. Thats people in a chaotic fashion order -- getting product from us, and a lot of thats over the phone. But despite all that, for the first time in our history, e-commerce is more than 10% of our revenue. And again, thats e-commerce measured the way this community measures it. I personally think thats an inaccurate way to measure it, because I think 20% of our revenue being vending is e-commerce. I think 7% to 10% of our revenue being bins and FAST Stock is e-commerce, because the customer, but its better than e-commerce because the customer just have to order it. Thats the best digital flow there is. And then the final being this 10% that true is e-commerce. With that, Im going to turn it over to Holden because I dont have my text or my wife tell me to shut up.
Holden Lewis: Great self-control, Dan. Good morning. All right, good morning. Flipping over to Slide 7. Fourth quarter of 2020, sales were up 6.4% annually. Thats acceleration from the third quarter. Holiday timing was favorable this year, but even so, the overall tenor of the marketplace continues to improve during the period. Sales of safety products were up 34.6%, driven by growth to state and local government and healthcare customers, which is at 98.3% in the period. This continues to be some blend of COVID mitigation, PPE restocking and pre-stocking as well as share gains. The most encouraging data point is that 28% of the accounts that bought PPE from us for the first time in the second quarter of 2020, bought from us in the fourth quarter, and they tended to be the larger opportunities. So this continues to reinforce that we have gained share and increased our growth prospects in state and local government and healthcare customers thats going to carry into 2021. Non-safety products were up 0.3% annually, accelerating versus the third quarter of 2020. Janitorial products, driven by the same trends as safety, were up 30.3%. More cyclical verticals remained negative in the fourth quarter of 2020, but generally saw moderation in the rates of decline. In fact, fasteners and material handling added into growth territory in December. Improving macro data is producing better trends in core markets, particularly in manufacturing, which grew 1.7% in the fourth quarter of 2020. We dont have a lot of visibility, but our regional VPs remain optimistic that activity will continue to improve. The exception to this normalization is our growth driver signings. COVID continues to negatively affect labor markets and supply chains, but our customers are operating around those conditions. We believe that absent COVID, the market will support 100 vending signings per day and 100 onsite signings per quarter. However, lack of access to facilities and decision makers in light of COVID protocols is delaying new commitments. The challenge that is carrying into the first quarter of 2021 and makes it difficult to determine when signings activity will return to potential. Now to Slide 8. Gross margin was 45.6% in the fourth quarter of 2020, down 130 basis points due to product and channel mix, relative growth of lower margin COVID products and organizational factors such as further clearance, lower vendor rebates and overhead deleveraging. Gross margin was up 30 basis points sequentially in a quarter that more commonly sees a decline. Relative to the third quarter of 2020, we saw the revenue share of lower margin COVID-related products declined by 200 basis points, even as the margin on those products improved by 200 basis points on selective pricing actions taken in the quarter. We also experienced more favorable shipping and fleet costs in the period, largely from having rationalized our weekly routes earlier in the year. Strong growth and continued tight control of cost generated 210 basis points of SG&A leverage to produce an operating margin of 19.5%, up 80 basis points year-to-year. Nearly half this leverage came over labor costs as our record fourth quarter sales were achieved with headcount that was down mid-single-digits versus last year. Labor productivity improved meaningfully in the fourth quarter and full year of 2020, and we will look to sustain this in 2021. We also leveraged occupancy on lower branch count and vending costs as well as other expenses on tight control of travel, lower freight cost as we rationalized our branch pickup fleet and lower insurance costs. Our incremental margin was 31%. If you put it all together, we reported a fourth quarter 2020 earnings per share of $0.34, up 9.6% from $0.31 in the fourth quarter of 2019. Turning to Slide 9. We produced $321 million of operating cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing 164% of net income. For the full year, we produced $1.1 billion of operating cash flow or 128% of net income. Weak demand freed up cash working capital and we did benefit from $30 million in CARES Act-related deferred payroll taxes and about $20 million in payables that moved from the fourth quarter of 2020 to the first quarter of 2021. However, we also believe we are taking steps to be more productive with working capital. Accounts receivable were up 3.7% with growth related to higher sales mitigated by improved collections with past dues down 23% year-over-year. Inventories were down 2.1%. We have taken steps to make it easier to move inventory internally to get it where it can best be used, which has been particularly useful as we have closed branches and migrated other branches to a leaner inventory model. We put energy into clearing older stock from our branches and hubs. As a result, branch inventory was down nearly 8% at year end, while onsite and hub inventory was up just low-single-digits. Net capital spending was $158 million in 2020, the lower end of our $155 million to $180 million range. In 2021, we expect net capital spending to be $170 million to $200 million with the increase over the prior year being a combination of catch-up maintenance spending following tight spending controls in 2020 as well as higher spending for a non-hub facility project in Winona to support our growth. Record net income and operating cash flow in 2020 allowed us to acquire the assets of Apex, deploy significant resources to secure critical product and carry working capital for customers and return $855 million to investors in the form of dividends, including a special dividend in December and share repurchase. At the same time, net debt is just 5.1% of total capital, and substantially all of our revolvers are available for use. Now before turning it over to Q&A, there is one change to reporting I wanted to discuss, and Dan alluded to this. The bin stocks have long been used in distribution to hold product in customer facilities. Over the last few years, we have taken these bins and weve equipped them with scales or sensors that turn them into digital tools that provide product visibility, continuously monitor those products and generate fulfillment efficiencies. These FAST Bins complement vending, expand the products that can be digitally managed and round out our Fastenal Managed Inventory or FMI offering, and we anticipate commercializing them more aggressively in 2021. As a result, in 2021, we will replace reporting on vending signings with weighted FMI signings. This is going to convert each vending device and FAST Bin device into a standard unit based on the target output of our FAST 5,000 vending machines, which is 2,000 a month and combine that into a single data point. In 2020, our weighted FMI signings were 15,724. In 2021, we are targeting 23,000 to 25,000 weighted FMI signings. With that operator, well take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
AdamUhlman: Hey guys, good morning. Congrats on the successful year. Hey, also if you could help us out with maybe some insights or a framework of how you're thinking about margins for this current year. The company did a great job controlling costs in a tough environment, seems like perhaps hiring picks up and some other expenses like bonuses should probably be bigger. And any kind of rough framework you could help us out with.
DanFlorness: You broke up a little bit there. I guess I should probably interpret about 20 questions in that one. So I will try to keep it short. If I think about starting at gross margin, if I think about 202, this might be one of those years where given the easy comps that we have, I would expect our gross margin to be up year-over-year. Now, I've had some conversations with folks that are getting really, really high numbers and that sort of thing. So I don't think that the concept surprises anybody but order of magnitude, I think, we need to think about in 2019, our gross margin is 47.2%. If nothing else had changed, let's assume that mix would have pulled that down 60 basis points a year in 2020 and 2021, which puts it about 46% just naturally on mix if nothing else had changed.  But if I think about it; so if I think about that as kind of a baseline, it's true that I don't expect the inefficiencies, particularly in the second quarter to repeat. But I do expect that we're going to have higher COVID mix in 2020, just those types of projects in 2021, than we did in 2019. And I think that's going to work against that 2019 baseline a little bit. If I think about, we're still going to be selling through mask inventory, through the first two or three quarters of the year, and that's going to pull margin down a little bit. I will tell you, I think the shipping costs are showing every indication of probably moving up as we get towards the end of first quarter into second quarter. And so I think there's a pressure there. And so, like I said, I do believe that our gross margin will be up a bit in 2021 or 2020. But as I said, I think we need to be somewhat tempered in our expectations of the order of magnitude. And I say that only because I've had some conversations where I think people are being a bit over aggressive with that. So hopefully that gives you, Adam, a little bit of a framework to think about gross margin. As relates to operating margin, I would expect that labor would get better, or that we would add labor. I do say they are getting better because it means we are adding selling energy. But whatever our growth winds up being at the top line. I would expect that our increase in FTEs would be no more than 50% of that gross and then perhaps somewhat less than that, and I think that's kind of the objective of the organization. And so I think that we will leverage labor when we grow this year. And so when you tie it all together, I'm still thinking in terms of the framework of 20% to 25% incremental margins, based on whatever level of growth that we can achieve this year, and those are I think, the pieces that I would think about.
Operator: The question today is coming from David Manthey from Baird.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning, guys. How are you? Well, I wanted to ask you about the Bin stock or the FMI initiatives historically, when you've come out with initiatives like vending or on site, or CSP, or whatever; you've outlined some of the key aspects of the strategy. And this one seems fairly significant. Just wondering, can you share any margin metrics or how you view the TAM to help us visualize the long-term opportunity of the Bin stock or this FMI initiative?
Dan Florness: One, I just, I think I'll add a little bit of, I think of the FMI vending, FMI vend component that is really a non fastener thing. And close to 50% of the revenue is on through vending is a safety product. So as we were evolving through that go back to earlier part of the last decade, we were having most discussions about what that meant from a mix standpoint. If I think of the FMI bin, and then I think of the FMI, excuse me, Fast Bin and Fast Stock. Fast Bin especially the RFID component of that is built in a lot of cases that might be in a production environment, where it's a current month system in the net, bin is empty, you throw in a tub of above your shelf, and it tells us you have an empty bin. So it's pretty basic technology. If you think about it that way, resilient technology, that's probably more production environments. So that probably has a gross margin profile. That's more akin to the vending, if I think of it from the standpoint of FMI, the third piece, Fast Stock. That's a lot of MRO or a nice mix of MRO. And so that's probably and it's very fastener centered. And so that has a margin that's more like the fastener piece. Does that helped, Dave?
David Manthey: Yes, it does. I guess you've outlined these pie charts that should give us an idea of where you think you're headed in terms of revenues. And yes, that does help in terms of the profitability. So we'll talk at offline. 
Dan Florness: Yes. The other piece I'll point out is the best part about Fast Bin, and Fast Stock is it's a labor efficiency, it's productivity, because that's business we want to go after, allows us to go after that with the best cost structure. Because that's been a really critical part of our path the last five years, and it's going to be a critical part of our path for the next five years. Holden, you would like -- 
Holden Lewis: Yes, and I might contribute this to that, I get asked a lot. What is the gross margin of a vending machine? My answer is often a vending machine doesn't have a gross margin, it really depends on the product that's vended, and what margin comes with that product. And I would think about the Fast Bin the same way, I don't think the Bin has an inherent margin; it depends on what is being stored in that bin. And so when we think about the bins, we've always had Fast stock, which has been heavily oriented towards fasteners. And so you would argue that that bin has a fastener type of margin, what we believe will happen, in addition to the efficiencies that Dan talked about in terms of the fulfillment process, we think that these Fast Bin will actually lend themselves to our being able to be more involved with other lines outside of fasteners, power transmission and fluid power come to mind, for instance. And so, we've always done fasteners in these bins, we'll continue to fasteners in these bins, and we will continue to do fasteners in these bins. We will the benefits and efficiencies for fulfillment. We'll certainly try to leverage that in even more market share in fasteners, we've always done that, but to the extent that we can use Fast Bin to get into some of our other nine product verticals, a little bit more deeply. Those verticals will typically have a lower gross margin than fasteners, and they'll probably be more consistent with our non fastener business, which is in that sort of low to mid-40s type of range. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert from Longbow Research.
Christopher Dankert: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first off, just thinking about FMI again, to kind of further pull that thread, we're talking about increasing labor efficiency, just any additional benefit that you guys could supposedly call out on working capital in 2021 from that initiative?
Dan Florness: For Fast Bin, with the Fast bins?
Christopher Dankert: Yes, if you're increasing inventory turn, just kind of is there any explicit benefit to working capital there? 
Dan Florness: Yes, probably don't want to get ahead of ourselves and what that means for 2021, because it's still going to be, it's still something new and to be honest with you the only reason -- when we started vending years ago, we didn't start talking about it till we were about three years into it. And here, we're actually talking about it when we're about a year into it. And the other reason being is because in some cases where we would have put a vending machine in the past, I think we'll put some bins in now, because we now have a better suite of products because we own the underlying technology. And it improves our ability to bring the most efficient tool to bear. We talked in previous calls about what we call our LIFT concept, local inventory, fulfillment terminal. And really, what that's about is perhaps, sometimes the best place to stock product and the pick product is in the local branch or on site. Sometimes where to do put that product is in the regional distribution center. And in really what we're doing with LIFT is something we talked about years ago is supporting vending, with maybe a third type of distribution, and that's the fulfillment terminal. We're just, what's going in that vending machine is what's in that little LIFT facility. And we're managing it there and we're able to strip, these are high frequency turnover products, we're able to strip some of that out of our branch and rake it into LIFT facility, which is from a labor standpoint more efficient. But from a working capital standpoint incredibly attractive over time. We have nine LIFT facilities that are operating at the end of the year. We're still just touching a really, really small percentage of our vending devices. I think we're touching about 2,500 right now. And our goal is to double that LIFT from nine operating at the end of this year to 18 at the end of next year. We'll still be even with our optimistic projections, still touching a relatively small number of vending devices at the end of the year, but it's ever growing. And that that will work some working capital out, but it's still on a relatively small base, that logic equally applies to Fast Bin and Fast Stock.
Holden Lewis: And what I will contribute to that is if you think about the core value add that fastener brings to our customers, it's our being able to go to them and say, look, today you have 100 widgets on the shelf, because we're better at managing the supply chain. Because what we do, we can reduce those 100 widgets to 80 widgets. Now those 80 widgets will probably include some safety stock from our perspective, because we want to make sure that we don't shut the customer down and we need to make sure that we go and we check those bins and check those machines et cetera. And so those 80 widgets are an improvement. But when you think about what Fast Bin can do in terms of informing us in real time about need, it's possible that those 80 widgets can be 75 because we're much more aware of -- and of what the quantities on hand are. I agree with Dan, I think 2021 is far too early to talk about what the impact of this is on working capital. This is the first year we're really aggressively commercializing what we've built and worked on. But I mean, intuitively, if we market this correctly, and I think we will, there should be some benefit over time to working capital from the efficiencies it brings to the fulfillment.
Christopher Dankert: Understood. And does it make sense just very briefly, to follow up, when I look at 2Q obviously a lot of noise from some of the surge sales. Does it make sense to kind of benchmark, 2Q EBIT margin on 2Q 2019? Is that how we should really be thinking about it? It sounds like kind of in your prepared remarks, how you're trying to walk people there a bit?
Dan Florness: Well, I'll answer that this way. It's the way we spoke at our virtual leadership meeting back in December, and it's centered on our government business, which was a huge recipient of a lot of these COVID type certain sales. Our government business historically is a relatively small part of our business about 4%. In the second quarter, it surged over 10% of our business. And I don't know what the final number was for the year, but it was -- for most of the year on a year-to-date basis was up over 100% year-over-year. And so when we come into the year like 2021, so what do we talk about it internally is, okay, normally that business, which is still at a young business; we would expect it to grow, say 20% a year. So when we're looking at second quarter of 2021, for our government business, we're saying to our teams, ignore your year-over-year numbers, because all that matters right now is where are we in January and where are we building to in September and October. And then what does that mean for 2022. But in the case of the second quarter, as an example, take your 2019 Q2 numbers, if you're in the government, if you're leading our government team, add to it the 20%, we would have expected in Q2, 2020, ignoring the COVID thing, and then add another 20% to it for 2021. So 2019 plus 2020, 20 plus 20, 20%, twice over. And that's where your head should be on where you're growing to going to be in the second quarter. And that's going to be a negative number for government in the second quarter, unless there's a different way to do math. And then the challenge to them is because of the broader exposure, we received in the marketplace and the fact that more government customers know about us, and the only area where our onsite signings accelerated in 2020 over 2019 was with government customers, the rest of the world you saw our overall numbers. And does that 20 plus 20 contemplates the fact that more people want to buy from us or more people are aware of us and maybe that second 20 can become a 25 or 30? I don't know. But that's the way we're thinking about it.
Holden Lewis: Yes, and I would say also, it as much as 2020 is an unusual year from a traditional seasonality standpoint, when you think about full year numbers and how the quarter is played out. I would expect 2021 to be more traditional from a seasonality standpoint, depending on what your sort of outlook is for the macro economy. Maybe it's a little stronger in the back half than in the front half. I don't know your call. But, I think that, what you're probably ultimately going to do is build out your annual expectations. And if you think about the traditional seasonality of our business, that'll probably allow you to back into the answer.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys, two questions for me. So first off construction was still pretty slow. What's the outlook there? And then on pricing, it looks like prices were flat this quarter. What are you expecting for price increases in 2021, for both product and freight?
Dan Florness: As it relates to construction, I wish I had different color to give you that I have the last few months, which is to say that conditions are still soft, but the expectations continue to improve. So if I think about heading into 2021, my expectation for construction is still that the weakness that we're seeing today is beginning to be remedied through projects coming back on the board and things like that. And that results in better results in 2021 than what we saw in 2020. That would be my expectation. But yes, at least at this point, it's still fairly soft. So we'll see, obviously comps play a role in that but from the feedback from the regions, for the most part, they're talking about seeing some improvement in the overall tenor of the construction market. So I'm waiting like you guys are to see that actually translate in the numbers.
Holden Lewis: Don't lose perspective, one element of our construction is there is a tethered to oil and gas. 
Dan Florness: Yes, absolutely. And that remains probably soft, though again, there too I think that is regionals are sort of eyeing that Q2 is perhaps being a period where you might start seeing some strength there. So we'll see. I would say that's pricing, but and then on the pricing side, yes, I would say the pricing was not meaningfully different in Q4 as it has been the last couple of quarters. I would say going forward, the question really is going to relate to what happens to material costs and we have seen an uptick in steel. I think many of you have talked about that very same dynamic and if that continues or persists then I would anticipate that we would have to take some sort of action to mitigate that. So, right now, we're not taking broad pricing actions. We're certainly doing things from a tactical standpoint, as we did to some degree with some of the safety products. But if the trends continue on steel the way that they've begun or ended, I guess, ended 2021. Sorry, ended 2020, then, I would anticipate that we'd have to take some actions as you roll into the end of Q1 and into Q2 to mitigate that effect.
Operator: The next question today is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys. Just a follow up on the price cost question, I guess, really over the past three or four years, I don't know if we've been in what you would call a normal pricing environment, especially with tariffs kind of flying in a couple years ago. Any reason to believe that this will be anything but a normal pricing cycle in terms of your ability to offset it, kind of evenness to the market? I know, it's still early, Holden, and you talked about, maybe later this quarter, that we are all hitting the road on that, and even put those out there in the market. But anything you're seeing so far, whether it's competitively or from your suppliers, that would indicate this is something beyond kind of the longer term historical framework for pricing or price cost.
Holden Lewis: I don't think so. Obviously conditions around tariffs were unique. If we get into a situation where pricing is necessary because of more ECON101 variables, like, steel prices going up and things like that, I think that we would be able to address that in the same manner that we've addressed it historically. The only difference, I would say, is that the structure that we've put in place internally to analyze and act on, where cost increases are happening. I think we're in a far better place today than we were pre-tariff. I think that tariff really prompted us to shore up the technologies that we use, the analytics that we use, and the internal structure and personnel that we rely on to make us more effective with that. So I haven't seen any changes to the market dynamics, I think that our internal dynamics are in a better position today than even was the case two years ago, pre-tariff.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just related to kind of the Fastenal captive fleet. Is there a point at which the absorption benefit from kind of keeping those folks busy or again, or keeping those assets busy or, starts to level off and what's normal? Because I know, on the way down or in software patches, you talk about the deleveraging there, but at what point does that kind of get back to normal, whether that's number of points of growth or a dollar number, any way you would conceptualize it to think about that dynamic.
Dan Florness: I think that we're like any other industrial company or cyclical company, I guess, in the sense that when conditions are somewhat soft, that's a bit of a challenge, and you under absorb certain of your structure. A captive fleet is part of that, but rightfully so is manufacturing, so is our purchasing, our Asian purchasing, et cetera, right. So when demand is weak, that you tend to deleverage. Now this is an odd year because you look at our revenue, our demand was weak, but a lot of our demand didn't necessarily run through a lot of our physical structure. There's a lot more direct ship type of business in 2020, than is typical. The sort of opposite side of that is if demand begins to go up begins to improve. And that improvement is impacting the core of our business, which is our field sales and our branches and taking advantage of the business that we've built over 50 plus years, then we're going to leverage those assets. And so part of the, I think, part of the answer to your question is what do you expect next year in terms of industrial production growth and market growth, if you believe that we're going to be growing next year, then I would expect the 2021 we would be leveraging and we would be getting some benefit from that as in contrast to what we saw in 2020. So I think that it depends heavily on what your expectations for underlying market growth is. But there's no ceiling where that becomes more difficult. I don't think so. Because I'm wrestling with what that ceiling is right. I mean we have a certain amount that we invest in manufacturing. We have a certain amount that we invest in our fleet. And other elements of our infrastructure that, if we see demand begin to get better, I would expect that you might see increases in that but at the same rate, that demand grows. And so we would leverage it. So I don't know that I see a ceiling in that.
Holden Lewis: There's some dynamics in there, we took out a truck a day of service earlier in the year, when that truck is filled again, or is overfilled. And we need to add another day of distribution, another truck service to that branch. That's something we've been doing for years. And so that that grows with it, that the challenge for us is we did a really nice job in 2020 when we pulled that truck service out. We didn't see our third party spend go up because we needed some service that wasn't there. And our team did a great job with that. We need to keep that reined in as well as we go into 2021. And I feel we're better poised to do than we have historically because we have better tracking information. We've deployed a lot of new technology over the last few years in order to continue to deploy it. And one of those is better illuminating what's where in our system. Just like when you ship a small parcel, you never know exactly where it is in a given point in time. We're getting better at those ourselves. The only other nuance that probably introduces I mean, yes, we are cyclical; we're viewed within investing circles as a cyclical play company. Remember that we don't have anywhere near the amount of fixed costs in our gross profit, or I guess in our cost of goods as say an average manufacturer does, right. So does our leverage and deleverage work the same way? Yes, it does. Does it have the same order of magnitude on the upside or the downside as an average manufacturer does? No, we tend to be a little bit more muted in that regard. But it behaves the same way as your classic cyclical.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, Happy New Year. Thanks for taking my question. My question is largely around what do you think the impact is on a vaccine rollout to your business? Clearly, there's a lot of moving parts, maybe you can speak to it qualitatively. Safety maybe slows, but, maybe that helps gross margin, maybe the sales cycle accelerates onsite, just any thoughts as to, vaccine impact on the business, thank you.
Dan Florness: Well, I think the biggest thing is the markers I talked about our growth drivers improve because the market has stated to us. And they stated to us from the standpoint of our success, they stated to us, we liked this onsite model, we liked this vending and bins. And in fast stock model, we like it a lot. We're just nervous about change right now. We're worried about what's happening in the next eight hours, two weeks, two months; we're more worried about that than we are about strategically improving our business because we don't have that luxury. And we don't want to invite new rescue and have you move in. And so I think it would manifest itself in the fact that our pipeline that would expand and you would see a resumption of the goals we talked, the targets we talked about onsite signings, and vending, signings, et cetera. And again, those are markers to engagement with our customer. That's where we'd see it, I think you'd see the underlying economy improve because people, let's face it, we all, we already tired of this. We want to get back to something that's closer to normal and retains. There's a whole bunch of things that we learned in the last 10 months that frankly, would have taken us years to accomplish. But the necessity is the mother of invention. And we invented a lot in the last 10 months as a society. And there's a whole bunch of things that are positive coming out of it. Perhaps that makes our whole society a little bit better. 
Holden Lewis: Yes, I could use it. And I might contribute maybe a little bit of perspective, right? Because I know that everybody's very concerned about if things normalize, that we're going to lose all that safety business, we don't lose all of it, lose some of it. But let's not lose sight of the fact that as much as everybody is concerned about safety, not growing at 116%. We look at and we say fasteners were down almost 20 in the same period of time. If COVID gets resolved, we may -- we have that tough comp in safety but we have really easy comps in everything that's not safety which is a bigger part of our mix, right? People might be concerned about our market share gains and safety, and government if COVID normalized, but it didn't do as well on signings because of it. And so we might lose one, but we gained the other. I think if you stand back from the specifics and look at the overall results for the year, it was, actually I think Dan and I both used in some writings, it was kind of a boring year, or an unremarkable year if you step back and don't think about the specifics and just look at our results. And that combines remarkable performance in safety, terrible performance because the market in non safety and if COVID gets resolved, that flips, and that's how -- that's the perspective out an offer.
Dan Florness: With that, Ellen, we're almost on the hour. Again, thank you for joining us. I would share one closing thought. I've talked in the past about the pride that that we all feel. And I hope you as shareholders feel in the Blue Team, and what we were able to accomplish in 2020. I'm also quite proud of the trust that was part of that and important ingredients of that with our customer and our supplier because we had to communicate like crazy and have trust throughout that supply chain that we could pull some stuff off. And I'll share an example of tomorrow is an important milestone for us. It was a year ago on January 21; we did something we'd never done after conversations with one of our trusted suppliers, company upriver called 3M. We locked down in our network N95 masks respirators because of what we were learning from our team in China from our supplier base. We locked it down that we'd never done that before. And we did it with some really crude tools. We just basically shut off our request system for one part for several part numbers. But it was all about trust between what our supplier would, could do and what our customer believed us, the supplier and Fastenal can do to support them. Thanks, everybody. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-13 11:54:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Ellen Stolts of Fastenal. Thank you, ma'am. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Quarter. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio-simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Web site until December 1, 2020 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning everybody and thank you for joining us for the third quarter earnings call. Before I start with the flipbook, I just thought I'd share a few thoughts. We do some simple things at Fastenal. We find great people. We ask them to join and then we give them a reason to stay. One of the jovial aspects of my role here at Fastenal is in the fall of each year, I send a letter to all of our 25-year employees as well as our 15-year employees. And then we typically with the 25-year employees, we celebrate them at our national meeting held in December of each year. Obviously this year won't be held in person, but it's a great opportunity to recognize great service to the organization and folks that saw the reasons compelling enough that they've spent much of their adult life in the Fastenal organization. If I look at the third quarter of this year, we actually have six people I get to work with each and every day that hit a milestone in their employment was Fastenal. So back in July, Le Hein celebrated 35 years with Fastenal. Rodney Hill, a little bit later in the month, celebrated 20 years. Rodney Hill, for those of you don't know who he is, he's our Senior Vice President in our National Comms team. In August, we had two employees celebrated anniversary. Again, these are folks I work with. Holden Lewis, who you'll hear from shortly, hit four years. But on top of that four years, a wealth of knowledge because many of you know that he spent a good chunk of his career in the sell-side community. And when I stepped out of that role, I wanted to bring somebody in who I'd known for years who I was really impressed with their body of work, and Holden has been with us now for four years in August. Bill Drazkowski, many of you have heard that name before, he's our leader in our western United States business unit. In August, he celebrated 25 years. I remember the first time I met Bill I was traveling in southern Minnesota. He was working in our Albert Lea, Minnesota branch. My first impression of meeting Bill was I didn't realize we hired 16-year olds. And today, he's a key leader in our organization and again covering the western United States. Here in September, John Soderberg, our Executive Vice President of IT, had a milestone celebrating 27 years with the organization. And this coming Saturday, Reyne Wisecup, our EVP of HR will celebrate 32 years with the Fastenal organization. Now four of these six people I just mentioned grew up in the organization on the sales side; seems inappropriate for a sales minded sales centered organization. And they bring a wealth of experience and knowledge to the table. I touched on Holden a few minutes ago. I'd say Reyne is probably the person I listened to the most. If we make great decisions on HR, it's because I listened to Reyne that day. If I look at decisions that I wish I had to do over, it's usually because I didn't listen to Reyne that day. One other item I'd share is in that group of 25-year employees, this year has its first non-American. Our Canadian business celebrated 25 years last fall and I look forward to seeing Darrell next time we meet to congratulate him on that milestone. I did single him out in my letter that goes in our annual holiday box of goodies that goes out to employees in December. In the July call, we talked a bit about the steps we took back in the early months of the year as we were listening to our team in Shanghai, and what they were learning firsthand from COVID-19. And we talked about what we did in March and that was we locked down our locations. We closed the front door of our branches. We asked our customers to call ahead. We'd have the product ready for them. We are a supply chain partner for our customers. Most of our sales go out the back door of our branch and we deliver it to our customers' facilities. So by letting us on their premises, they're placing a trust in us and we want to honor that trust. Here's a quick recap of information that I've been sharing on a weekly and monthly basis with our employees, as we progress through this COVID-19 era. We never shut down as an organization. I think everybody knows that. 94% of our population, because of their role, don't have the ability to work remotely. They might work in a branch or onsite, they might work at a distribution center, they might grab a truck, they might work in our manufacturing division. They're in some role that requires them to be present. If I look at that population in the month of March to May, we were seeing two to five cases per week. And at the end of May, we had 41 cumulative cases within the Fastenal organization. Now we have roughly 21,000 employees, so that was two-tenths of 1%. In the month of June, as some businesses were coming back to work, and there's a little more activity, we saw our case count on a weekly basis jump quite dramatically. And we were seeing about 14 cases per week. At the end of June, cumulatively we were approaching 100. We had 97 cases, which is a half of a percent of our 21,000 people. July saw it increase a little bit more, 16 cases per week. In August, 20 cases per week. September, we saw an interesting change in that trend. We dropped to about 17 cases per week. And at the end of the quarter, cumulatively, we've had 344 cases within the Fastenal Blue Team family. Again, if I did my math right and these aren't audited numbers, these are my notes. That's about 1.6% to 21,000. In the first week of October, we saw the case count come in at 14, again, positive trend. I have no idea what our trends will be in October, November, and December and as we enter the new year. But I do know our group of employees have been taking responsible steps to protect themselves, their families and their customers they serve while providing a much needed supply chain to the marketplace. With those 14 cases, cumulatively, we're at 358. Again, thats as of last week. At that time, I received a report we had 21 people currently out. And the typical duration we're seeing is about 15 days, so about two weeks worth. If I go to the flipbook, we talk a little bit about our daily sales. So while its not on the sheet, in Q2 we grew 10.3%. In Q3, that reduced 2.5%. Operating income in Q3 grew 2.9%. Our incremental margin was in the mid 20s. Really pleased with those numbers from the standpoint of when I think of safety, safety provided us a bridge between where the economy was prior to COVID-19, as the economy shut down and where it is today. So it's been providing us a bridge. If I look at discrete business pieces of our Fastenal business, fastener and safety, as we've talked in prior calls make up about half of our revenue. In the second quarter, our fastener business, our oldest product line, our most mature product line, our product line that really links to what's going on in the industrial world, sales dropped 16% in Q3 that improved to negative 7%. Safety products grew 116% in the second quarter. It came back out of the stratosphere and grew 34% in Q3. And if you look at all the remaining products that aren't fasteners or safety, they contracted about 8% in Q2, about 2% in Q3. And so the trends are telling me the environment we operate in is healing itself, is improving and again safety has provided an incredible bridge as weve gone through this. Earlier I mentioned great people. When I think of the last six months, Im really impressed with our ability to adapt really quickly to the new normal, incredibly impressed with our ability to successfully manage costs and how were holding each other accountable. In fact, this afternoon I have a call with a subset of our regional leaders, another call scheduled tomorrow where we're going to talk through elements of our P&L where they're not pleased with us, and us being Dan and Holden and the folks that support them, because our expenses grew a little bit more than theirs. Actually our expenses didn't improve as well as theirs did. And some things I'm going to share with them. Our profit sharing contribution that goes to the entire organization, it's based on our level of profitability. Q3 to Q3 is up 40%. I'm personally proud of that. That means we're finding success together and we're sharing that together. We made a big acquisition of technology back in the first quarter in March. So in both Q2 and Q3 we have a sizable amortization expense thats now in the numbers. We introduced mobility across the organization. We deployed just under 8,000 devices in the last nine months. So that's an expense that went from zero to something that's not zero. It's $1 million plus increase of investments we're making to improve the long-term health of the business. We found great success, interestingly enough, in our ability to sell clearance items; clearance products, products that have been on our shelf whether they're in our branch or distribution center, and this isn't COVID products. This is stuff that we've accumulated over time. We saw an incredible jump from Q3 to Q3, like 200%. It's a small number, but we're finding success. Were resourceful in this marketplace. As you can expect, our purchasing of inventory, we did a great job with inventory. Our purchase discounts we earned are less this year than they were a year ago. And so I'll be having that conversation with our team, but we hold each other accountable and that's how you successfully manage expenses in an organization. Most importantly, I think great people. We've retained the talents of our organization in ways many other organizations haven't had the ability to do. And our safety sales played a role in that and I'm proud of that. But we continue to invest in the future. Our training has actually expanded in a COVID era. Even though we don't have our instructor-led training at all this year, our online training in our virtual instructor-led trainings, our Fastener School of Business did an incredible pivot and our folks in the field are embracing it in incredible ways. Earlier I mentioned we deployed almost 8,000 mobility devices and we created a more efficient platform for providing service to our customer. I believe in the last six months, we've widened the moat [ph] that Fastenal enjoys by demonstrating the following in the marketplace to our customers. Were a great supply chain partner, we solve problems and we invest to deliver and we have a great group of analysts that have historically covered us. And I'm not saying that to ingratiate myself to the analyst community. I'm saying that because it's a fact. I was reading one of the  couple of analyst reports that came out earlier this morning and I asked Holden about it. And in there, I saw where we have $30 million of slow moving PPE inventory. We made a big investment in products to support the marketplace in the early part of this year. If you're in our supply chain team, if you're in our forecasting team, weve done a great job. And I think there are folks in our organization that are looking at our PPE inventory and saying, geez, we have a bunch and they're scared about it  nervous about it is probably a better word. And I look at it and say, this $30 million of inventory, our sales in Q2 surged dramatically. The inventory that's explicitly in this  and the reason I know these numbers, I was talking to our Board about it yesterday, our sales of these products that we have this inventory on from Q2 to Q3, the quantity of our sales went up 18%. So this isn't something that all of a sudden there was a big need for in Q2 and that need has gone away and Fastenal is sitting with all this inventory. Based on the sales in Q3, we do have months of supply. Frankly, in today's chaotic world, I consider that an asset. Not a problem. And it will support us as we move through this. And I'm happy we have it. So if you need 3-Ply mask, give us a call because the marketplace needs them and I'm glad we have them. Moving on to the surge activity, as Holden mentions in the flipbook, it did ease, however, pandemic products continue to contribute high sales, as mentioned earlier. Safety was up 34%. Growth drivers improved. The signings improved from Q2 to Q3. Sales is about what happened today. Growth drivers and momentum with growth drivers is about what happens tomorrow. Our tomorrow improved from Q2 to Q3 and I feel really good about that. We're not back to the hundreds and the hundreds is our stated internal stretch goal that we put in place last December, obviously got thrown out the window in March when the world kind of  when the world shut down. But our stated goal is, can we get to 100 signings of vending devices a day? Can we get to 100 signings of onsites per quarter? And that's what we've invested in infrastructure to support because we think that's a sign of great engagement with customers and a great ability to take market share. But they did improve from Q2 to Q3. Lastly, on that page, Holden talks about a conservative capital structure. Basically, we have a great balance sheet and that great balance sheet improved in the quarter. And one of the things I said to Holden back in March and the finance team in general; Holden, Sheryl and the entire team, I said, what distribution businesses do in environments like this is we're not investing in working capital the same way. And we actually become a cash generator, because we harvest some working capital. And I'm really impressed with our supply chain team, our finance team, our district and regional leaders on what they did to produce the cash flow of this year. And so if I look at it in nine months, because then you take out some of the noise of the cash payment deferrals from Q2 to Q3; nine months in, our earnings are up 8.3%. Our operating cash flow is up 32.2%, $190 million increase over last year. We pulled back some CapEx in our free cash flow. Operating cash minus CapEx is up 62% year-over-year. And there is a little left in there because there's about $19 million of social security tax that's deferred until next year. Absent that, 32 and 62 goes to 29 and 57. My compliments to Holden, Sheryl, the team, great job. And it means we have a balance sheet that's ready to support our future. Flip into the vending dispenses information that we shared last quarter, again most of this you saw last quarter. You see the dip over Thanksgiving. You see the impact of Christmas and New Year. You see the impact of Easter in early April. And you see where we  history says we should be by the end of March and where we were by the middle of April. You saw there was some recovery, but as of June the blue line which is current versus the gold line, which is history or yellow, depending on quality of your monitor, we were 15 points below where history says we should be. By the end of September that 15 points is now 9. We're now back to where we should be, but the health is better. And once we got into September, I'm pleased to say we were above where we started last October. Again, not where we should be but a great performance. And vending is really about consumption of products in the marketplace. It's a real, real time  its a great real-time indicator activity. The next page is about unique users. Here you get a little more noise because the way we calculate it, if you have a business day out. So you get the Thanksgiving noise, the Christmas, New Year noise. Easter, you see where we would have been in that March timeframe. You see where we bottomed out in mid April at 85 and where we ended the quarter. So at the end of the quarter, we were 8 points down. Right now, we're 7 points down. We continue to narrow the gap. This is about employment activity. The first one is dispensing. This is employment. I'm really glad we have the vending business, not just what it gives us in visibility but the fact how it helps us grow and it gives us a reason and our customers a reason to allow us to keep coming in their facilities, and that's one of the ways that we're really entrenched in the business of our customers and you see it shine through in this type of environment. Final page I'll talk to in the flipbook is Page 6. As mentioned earlier, our signing activity is still below where we were pre-pandemic, but it's making a comeback. Onsites, we signed 62 in the third quarter and I feel really good about the momentum of that. We need that momentum to come back to support us in the future, that future growth. One thing I shared with our Board of Directors yesterday that I thought was an interesting development, and that is if you look at government business, historically, a relatively small piece of our business, obviously, it became a more sizable piece of our business in the second quarter. We're getting onsite traction in the government world too. Last September, 25 of our onsites were with governmental entities. That might be a K-12 school district, that might be a college or higher ed, that might be something else in the government sector, but 25 of them. By March, that had grown to 29. At the end of September, we have 35. Thats a 40% increase in onsite business with government customers that tells me that some of that government business we picked up is going to be sticky. And 60% of that occurred in the last six months. And I don't know about the rest of you, but I've never seen government move real fast in a lot of things in life. This is incredibly fast pace change when I look at that business. College, higher ed 56% increase over last year. We actually in the third quarter signed our first healthcare onsite. I don't know what that means for the future, but it is an interesting development. The rest of the information I think it's pretty straightforward in the reading. In March, our e-commerce sales and so when we look at e-commerce, even though vending is e-commerce in a way, we don't include that in our number, but it is a digital sale. This is still strictly at EDI and web orders. For the first time ever in March, that popped over 10% of our sales. In the second quarter, it dropped back because most of the COVID surge was not going through EDI. It was reacting, engaging directly face to face with customers from a safe distance. In August and September, our e-commerce has extended business again popped over 10%. And for the quarter, we were over 10%. With that, Ill shut up and turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Flipping to Slide 7. Third quarter 2020 sales were up 2.5%. Like last quarters strong sell-through of safety products offset weakness in our traditional manufacturing construction customers. Sales of safety products are up 34%. Sales of state and local government and healthcare customers grew 131% in the period and this certainly includes sales related to COVID mitigation. However, we're also seeing restocking, pre-stocking and share gains as we received follow-on orders from customers that we added in the second quarter. As a result, we're not characterizing strength here in the third quarter as surge as the reasons behind our customers buying have become much more varied. We do view this favorably, however, as it affirms our belief that we will be able to retain relationships that began in the chaos of the second quarter. That is likely what allowed us to outperform our original expectations for safety growth in the third quarter. All other products declined 4.2% including fasteners, which declined 6.9%. This represents deceleration in rates of decline as the economy has reopened and production has rebuilt following the disruptions of the second quarter. In fact, we saw sequential low single digit improvement in both hub picks and vending dispenses in each month of the third quarter, suggesting gradual but steady gains in the underlying business conditions. At this time, we believe customer activity levels are down mid single digits from pre-pandemic levels. As it relates to the near-term outlook, I think everyone understands that coronavirus is still with us but at this point customers are navigating around the issue without having to close operations. As a result, business activity continues to trend steadily, albeit gradually upward. Against the backdrop of multiple months of better than 50 readings in the PMI and an RVP commentary about customers reengaging in growth driver discussions, conditions are encouraging. Remember that we are entering the low volume and holiday impacted fourth quarter, which can always introduce a bit of unpredictability. Still, it's good to see some degree of normalization settling in. Now to Slide 8. Gross margin was 45.3% in the third quarter of 2020, up 80 basis points sequentially and down 190 basis points versus the third quarter of 2019. The most significant factor in the third quarter behind the annual decline is low margins for COVID related safety and janitorial [ph] products. In contrast to the second quarter when this pressure was a byproduct of inefficient supply chains and our own speed and sourcing products, pressure in the third quarter is from two different sources. First, for certain products, demand continues to outpace supply and costs have begun to rise. We began addressing these products with price actions beginning late in the third quarter. Second, other products like 3-Ply masks and disposable respirators are oversupplied and prices have declined. We believe this will correct itself based on the sell-through of these products out of our inventory. However, this process may take until the second half of 2021. Collectively, COVID related safety and janitorial was about 14% of sales in the third quarter and the gross margin was down mid to high single digits on that group of product. The remaining decline in gross margin is from mix and cyclical and organizational factors such as rebates, deleveraging of certain fixed costs, higher import costs, et cetera. The size and specific lines associated with COVID, the pricing environment is stable. This decline in gross margin was slightly more than offset by leveraging of SG&A and higher sales of PPE, which produced 200 basis points of operating expense leverage over the third quarter of 2019. 6.3% lower FTE at the end of period and lower bonuses as a result of the weaker environment generated very strong leverage of employee expenses, while lower travel expense, lower fuel costs and continued tight control of operating expenses generally enabled leverage of other operating costs. The result was an operating margin of 20.5%, up 10 basis points and an incremental margin of 24%. Putting it all together, we reported third quarter of 2020 EPS of $0.38, up 3.5% from $0.37 in the third quarter of 2019. Now turning to Slide 9. We produced 289 million of operating cash flow in the third quarter of 2020, representing 131% of net income and up 12.3% from the third quarter of 2019. This strong cash generation is despite having paid 104 million of taxes deferred from the second quarter as part of the CARES Act and is attributable to higher earnings and farming [ph] working capital in the period. Accounts receivable was up 2.1%. We did collect the 75 million in surge related balances that existed at the end of the second quarter. The follow-on orders from some customers simply replaced surge balances with regular weight balances. As a result, receivables increased largely in line with sales. Receivables quality remains excellent. Inventories were down 1%. 50 million in COVID related stock at the end of the second quarter was around 30 million at the end of the third quarter, and we will continue to work down this balance over the next few quarters. Meanwhile, the combination of weak demand and efforts to streamline our inventories translated to declining inventory at our branch locations and moderating inventory growth in our onsites and hubs. Our net capital spending range for 2020 remains 155 million to 180 million. We achieved record net income and record operating cash flow over the first nine months of 2020. This allowed us to acquire the assets of Apex, deploy significant resources to secure critical products and carry working capital for customers during the chaos of the second quarter, and returned 480 million to investors in the form of dividends and share repurchase. At the same time, net debt is just 2.5% of total capital and substantially all of our revolver remains available for use. We retained ample capacity to pay our dividend, finance working capital as demand improves, or take advantage of any other business opportunity that may arise. That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. In the interest of time, we do ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow up before rejoining the queue. Our first question is coming from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
David Manthey: I have kind of a long-term question here just to reorient on the growth drivers of the business. Could you update us on how you see the total available market for vending and onsites relative to where you are today? And then a little bit more near term, if you could just give us an update on the LIFT initiative to get some pretty good early returns on the pilot programs and I'm wondering if you're moving forward with those more broadly yet?
Dan Florness: Yes, so a few things there. I'm going by memory here, Dave. I think what we've talked in the past about is we believe there's around 15,000  there's potential for about 15,000 onsites based on what we know today. And what we know today is largely confined to North America. And that's a number we've talked about internally. I hope thats a number we've talked about externally in the past and Holdens not giving me a dirty look. But suffice it to say it's a really big market and the reason it's so big is, because of our frugal cost structure, we can find success in an onsite doing $100,000 a month, doing $150,000 a month where most of the marketplace struggles with the onsite model when you get below 250,000, 300,000 a month. Putting one person in an office and doing sourcing is not an onsite in our mind. An onsite is youre there engaged in their business. But we're able to find success in a lot more places. The vending, suffice it to say, I personally believe the numbers over 1 million but I don't know how much over 1 million and I don't know if I'm a [indiscernible] put into figuring that one out. The wild card on vending is historically vending was about putting in a vending box. And because we were reliant on a third party for vending, it was a separate system from everything else we did. But there's places where we have vending where bin stock works. But we want to illuminate the supply chain. So what we're doing now after acquiring it is we're building the technologies together. So some places well use vending and some places well use a bin stock that has replenishment automation in it. In other words, we know how full the bin is. We know how  either through RFID technology or infrared technology or some other technology. And so suffice it to say it's an incredibly big market I believe between vending and bin stock. It could address 70% of the true spend that exists in the marketplace. And so you can size it on that based on a device that does $2,000 a month in business with that yield for a number. The final point and Holden remind me on the final point, LIFT. LIFT, we  and for those of you that aren't familiar with what LIFT is, the acronym stands for Local Inventory Fulfillment Terminal. And the way we're approaching it initially is it's a terminal that replenishes vending, but it could replenish other things such as bin stocks in the future. We had some pilots. We have a handful of pilots we did. The first one was in Phoenix, Arizona, but we've added since then. The only thing that's changing  first off, the initial results are really positive because it allows us to become more efficient in replenishment of vending. It also pushes us to make the model better. And what I mean by that is a greater standardization of products going into the vending, because we're replenishing multiple machines, multiple branches, multiple business units out of one facility. And so we're doing some aggregation. What we're really doing now is the movement is removing more and more of the LIFTs we're doing in the next 12 months into distribution centers to make it part of our distribution network. But really excited about the potential there and we're moving forward on it.
Holden Lewis: And I might chip in a couple of things, Dave, first on the market size. The numbers that Dan cited were numbers that we sort of derived some time ago. We haven't necessarily updated them on a regular basis, but we do touch base with the owners of those businesses and there's not a belief that anything has changed in terms of that opportunity. In fact, when you hear Dan describe the performance that we have in some of the educational facilities and government facilities, that was not a market that was envisioned in the original study. And so we're seeing  in addition to the opportunity exists in the original study, we're seeing expansion of the potential applications. As it relates to the LIFT performance, right now, we still got relatively few. I think we will ramp up the rollout on that based on the performance. And so we don't have a lot of sort of longstanding metrics that we can hang our hat on. But in our oldest one, we did see things such as the dollars per FTE in those regions get better and the signings improve in that region and quite frankly the service level as measured by the number of returns improve. And so, yes, I think you're right. The initial data from the initial rollouts of the LIFT have been encouraging enough that I think you'll see us put more of those in the market in their various capacities and forms, and perhaps accelerate that in the coming 18 months.
David Manthey: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Dan Florness: You bet.
Holden Lewis: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to kind of dig back into the inventory reductions and also the tight lid on employee hiring. Given the sequential improvement we're seeing and the optimism perhaps from the field, how long can you restrain employee costs so aggressively going forward and inventories as well? That's my first question.
Dan Florness: Yes, on employee costs, remember that restraining of those expenses really is not a function of what we do [indiscernible]. It's really a function of the decisions that are being made by the individuals in the field that are running their businesses, whether that be a branch, a district or a region. So I don't want to give you the impression of a degree of control that we don't by choice exercise in our culture and our model. The reality, Nigel, is the reason that we protected our talent the way we did through what certainly initially looked like it was going to be a pretty nasty downturn was specifically so that we'd be able to move quickly when conditions allowed, and with demand sort of getting gradually better and with our customers increasingly reengaging in conversations about growth drivers, in many respects that moment has come. And as a result, we fully expect that much as we saw in September, we saw an uptick in FTE relative to what we'd seen the month before, I wouldn't be surprised if you continue to see some of that. Travel expenses, I wouldn't be surprised, again, if you saw that come up from where it's been. And so the answer is difficult to answer because we don't control coming out any more than we control going in. Those are decisions made locally. And the field has made great decisions about it going in and we trust that they're going to make fantastic decisions about it coming out that's going to allow us to be both disciplined with expenses, because let's not forget we're going into a volume challenge seasonal period and we're all aware of that. But I think they're going to be able to exert a great deal of discipline over their cost structure because it makes sense for them to do so, and theyve shown an ability to do it, while deploying the resources necessary to take advantage of the opportunities that are reopening again. And that's probably how I answer that question. I hope that gives you something you're looking for. As it relates to the second question on inventory, the inventory kind of reacts the same way, right? When demand is weak, inventory naturally can come down as customers naturally need less of it. And when demand gets better, then it goes the other way. And so there certainly is a  if demand gets better, and we would welcome that, then that would come with some improvement in inventory as well. Now that said, I'll tell you we're doing a lot of things to get better at managing our inventory, one of which is we're really moving product through our internal supply chain really smoothly today, right. We've gone through a period where we've been closing branches, we're addressing slow moving products, which is sort of historical product that we've brought into the business over years where we have different types of model stockings that we're engaging with and that's required us to move product through the supply chain at an accelerating rate. And whether it goes store to hub, hub to hub, hub to customer and branch, we've really made the movement of that product much smoother and at a higher velocity than I think what we've seen before and that's an improvement. We've introduced budgets on inventory to the field that I think that they try to operate to which has been an improvement. We're working with supplier partners to really time shipments better. As you know we have a long supply chain. And so if we can get those shipments times better, that actually works for us. And obviously we've been a little bit more aggressive with nonperforming inventory such as you saw in some of that clearance stuff. So we're doing a lot of things that I think will continue to lead to an improvement in our days on hand over time. But if demand gets better and the onsite signings we accelerate, that's going to put some need into the inventory again.
Holden Lewis: We call that a good problem.
Dan Florness: That's a good problem.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Nigel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi. Thanks. First off, Dan, you mentioned the investment in mobility. Just talk about what your vision is for how this is going to help sales and customer service. And then I'm curious what the early feedback has been?
Dan Florness: Yes, Ill give the vision from the team because I do more listening to them than talking at them. Part of it is just to ease things that are basic. So think of when I make a delivery, historically, I print off a bunch of packing slips at the branch and I take them with me and I get those signatures on the packing slips and I bring them back, I file them away. And if there's something that doesn't get paid and I need a proof of delivery at some point in the future, I'm digging through a file cabinet. Now we have signature capture. And now that doesnt mean we always get a signature because sometimes the person doesn't want to touch the device in a COVID world, so we're working through that but it's  that's a whole bunch of back office  streaming the back office function which that brings no value to our customer supply chain. It's figuring out how to tap into that. Another one is, when I'm out visiting a customer going to  when I'm going to the vending machine, now that we own the technology that is the vending machine, our mobility device talks to the vending machine. And so we're not working with a keyboard -- a really obtuse keyboard on a vending machine to do inventory transactions. We have the device in our hand and it's talking to our point of sale system; incredibly efficiency enhancement. We're using mobility with our LIFT facilities. So I can fill machines and transmit it to the point of sale that it's filled and it automates a lot of processes behind the scene. Another one is if I'm out talking to a customer and they have a question about something, I actually have the means to answer the question. I don't need to write it down, get back to the branch, look up in my point of sale system and call them back. I can answer it on the spot. I can order it on the spot for that matter. And so it allows you to do a lot of things right now. Just like a cell phone, think of the efficiency that brings to almost every human being on the planet today. I can take care of something right now rather than writing it down and making a phone call when I get back to a phone. So it allows us to do a lot of things. It allows our team to be more mobile in the COVID environment. Being more mobile is great, because I don't need to go back to the branch at the end of the day along with everybody else and congest up an area because I never [ph] have to work on the same terminal. The other piece that allows us to illuminate for the customer when deliveries are made, when our schedule is coming and so our customer has greater visibility to their own supply chain, something that was difficult to do in the past. And the final one is because we're getting orders in earlier in the day, our distribution center can be picking orders we get at 10 o'clock, at 10 in the morning, not at six in the evening, because that's when the order was entered when they got back to the branch at 5 o'clock on the East Coast or 5 o'clock in the Central Time Zone. It allows you to move work up. If we could pick earlier today, our trucks can leave earlier today and more of our branches get a truck by six or seven in the morning rather than seven or eight in the morning. So it does a lot of downstream efficiencies.
Ryan Merkel: All right, it's very helpful. Thanks. And then secondly, I guess maybe for Holden, I was hoping you could quantify the safety surge in dollars for 2020 that may not repeat in '21. I have my estimate, of course, but I just want to sanity [ph] check it.
Holden Lewis: Well, I think we talked about second quarter  again when we think about surge, I'm really confining the dialogue to second quarter because I don't really know how you differentiate surge from market share gains from customers that are restocking post an issue or pre-stocking in anticipation  I don't know how to differentiate that in Q3 and beyond. And I believe last quarter we talked about 350 million to 360 million in surge revenue that one conclusion could be that it may not recur, but one thing I would point out and talked a little bit in my presented remarks or my prepared remarks was we are winning business. If I think just about healthcare and government, in the second quarter we had 5,400 accounts that we did not have in the first quarter. Now remember, in our system, an account is not a customer. A customer can have multiple accounts. But we have 5,400 accounts with customers in the second quarter in healthcare and government that we did not have in the first quarter. In the third quarter, of those 5,400, in July, 1,000 of them ordered again. In September, I think 850 of them ordered again, right? So that surge business of 350 to 360, will all of it replicate? I mean, we hope not, right? To some degree, wed like this whole COVID thing to back off. But some of that is being replaced with regular way business with customers that we raised our profile with that we didn't have that we now do, and well retain some of that. And so I suppose the quick answer is 350 to 360, but I don't think that the whole is going to be that big. But unfortunately, I'm not really sure what that is at this point. We're going to need more time to really sort of evaluate the data and understand the marketplace and how it evolves. I think that's just some perspective that's worth providing.
Dan Florness: The other wildcard you need to at least consider is when does the activity we're seeing in Q3 and the activity we're seeing in Q4, when does some of that subside and we get to whatever our new normal of life in this world is? Is it people over the age of 70 wearing masks a lot? I don't know. Is it more sanitizing done or are we back in  two years from now, does it feel a lot like it felt a year ago? Only time will tell. Personally, what weve challenged our team to prepare themselves for is regardless of your opinion on when a vaccine may or may not be available and regardless of your opinion on how fast we can produce to provide vaccinations for the population that we have not just in this country or in this continent but in this globe is going to take time. And I feel sufficient to say to our employees we better plan on being in this kind of environment for at least through another 12 months. And how it tweaks and changes and goes up and down between now and then, time will tell. But that's where your head needs to be. And so if that's truly there, that tells me there's going to be a certain level of this extra layer of safety and janitorial products I believe for quarters to come.
Holden Lewis: And let's not forget as well, because obviously I know the point of the question and understand that. When we're copying against that product, we're also copying against the fastener business that was down 17%, 16%-17% in the same period that --
Dan Florness: And 7% this quarter.
Holden Lewis: And 7% this quarter. So, I understand the point of the question, right? I mean, there certainly is a difficult comparison to be had in Q2, but just bear in mind that we have an easy comparison in fasteners if the market has come back at that point. And we do believe that we have picked up market share and so that 350, 360 doesn't just go away completely because we picked up business we didn't have in Q1 last year.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, some great points, guys. Thanks a lot. Ill pass it on.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Michael McGinn of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael McGinn: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Michael McGinn: I can start on the onsite. Historically, your branch onsite or consolidation efforts have been somewhat mirrored by onsite signings in those same markets or at least that's been my understanding. Given we're in somewhat uncharacteristic times, what is the net impact on your SG&A this year and maybe next year as the signings pick back up and you see a void left in those markets or anything like that?
Dan Florness: The void in the markets related to SG&A from what?
Michael McGinn: So the branch consolidations, they're accelerating where onsite have decelerated. Historically, my understanding has been you maybe consolidate a branch and a couple of those large customers served by that branch are able to convert to an onsite. Now this is different. Does that maybe kick start things again in 2021?
Dan Florness: So the first thing I would say is I wouldn't so explicitly tie branch closings to onsite openings. I can't rule out that there haven't been some branches that have been closed, maybe in small markets where there's very few customers because of onsites have gotten created. I think that probably has happened. But in general, they've been independent decisions. The decision to close a branch has more often been because it's a smaller branch that maybe the path is scaling and it doesn't look today like it might have looked five years ago, seven years ago when it got open. And the onsite decision is similarly somewhat independent. So I would be cautious about tying those two explicitly together that way. I think that they're more independent than you're giving credit for.
Holden Lewis: The only place that you could make a link is roughly half of our branches, I think it's 55%, are in large metropolitan areas with more than half a million people. And so there, there is some connection, but it's not  think of it more as, as we open onsites in a market like Minneapolis-Saint Paul and we go directly engage with customers onsite, over time it might mean to serve the market in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, fewer branches makes sense because instead of having 30 or 40 branches in the market, we might have 15 to 20 branches in the market and 40 onsites. And so it's really morphing how you're approaching it, but it's more of a case of the one allowed the other to operate in a different fashion and more efficient. So if you don't tie the openings and closings of the two together, does that change your question?
Michael McGinn: No, I'm all set. I'll take it a different direction from here. So given that you were able to take some early actions regarding stocking ahead of COVID and shown an aptitude for skating to where the puck is going, not where it is and also trying to remain as apolitical as possible, you've always paid your fair share of taxes and you've also benefited from fair and open trade. So looking into '21, what is the most important factor for your business in your mind?
Holden Lewis: I'll give mine and Dan can give his, but I think it's reaccelerating the growth driver activity. And again, part of that is simply when do customers reengage with us because that kind of shut down during the second quarter as our customers are dealing with some more pressing issues at the time. But those growth drivers is our key to what allows us to gain market share. And so when Dan talks about the hundreds, the hundred vending a day and the hundred onsites a quarter, I think sort of getting back to that level, give or take, of signings for our growth drivers is critical not only for 2021 growth, but probably more importantly for 2022, 2023, et cetera. We're built on growth drivers and growth and those are sort of core to it. So that's I think a very important element for us right now.
Dan Florness: Michael, I love the way you asked the question. You have an apolitical question, looking for an apolitical answer. I only wish our media on both sides of the fence could do the same. And from my standpoint, we're a supply chain partner to our customers. We operate in the same environment, all of our peers do. We have no unique advantage or not  we have no unique advantage or are not uniquely hurt by anything that changes. We react to it. We reacted to COVID. Because of our decentralized nature, because of our true belief in people and giving them the freedom to make decisions, we just move faster because we're not looking  everybody isn't looking to somebody else to tell them what to do. We do and we support each other. And so if the trading patterns between nations on the planet changes, we will morph to that change just like our industry will and just like our customers will and the marketplace will, and I think our actions over the last several years in a tariff environment and now in a COVID environment demonstrate the sheer strength of the Fastenal distribution model as a supply chain partner to our customers.
Michael McGinn: Thank you. I appreciate the time.
Dan Florness: Thanks. It is five minutes to. I think we have time for one quick question. Lets do one more.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Hamzah Mazari: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for sneaking me in. My quick question is just at a high level if you could just compare what does the sales cycle look like today during COVID on onsites, I know you mentioned sort of 62 signings, but versus pre-COVID? Is the sales cycle just pushed out by a few months? Is it longer? Is it sort of an in-person type meeting you have to have? Just give us a sense of is there pent-up demand here from signings that were sort of midway through that got essentially closed due to COVID and will reopen? Just any thoughts high level as to the sales cycle?
Dan Florness: Yes. I don't think the sales cycle is changed at all, assuming you can do a sales cycle. And what I mean by that is, there's some business  when times get crazy, some people kind of duck their head and say, okay, let's figure out who we are. It's status. It's kind of like in the movie Apollo 13 when everything's falling apart in the rocket going to the moon, okay guys, whats the status? What do we have on the ship that works? And that's what a lot of companies go through is they kind of shut down and they say, okay, what are we doing? And Fastenal, we're going to give you the Heisman and say we can't talk today. So it's not that the sales cycle is drawn out, it might be the sales cycle doesn't occur. And so the real question is, when does it start to occur? One of the things that hurt us in 2020 on top of COVID is an outgrowth of COVID was we didn't have our normal customer expo in the spring, which is a great igniter for change because you get a chance to really engage with folks and you really are able to talk about what we are. We're not an e-commerce platform. We're not somebody you hop on and if we have it great and if we don't, you're kind of SOL [ph]. We are your supply chain and well find stuff for you. And so we're slowly  our customers are willing to take that call even if it's a virtual call. It doesn't have to be in person. It's nice if it is, but it doesn't have to be. In some ways, we might move faster in a virtual world because we're not waiting for a resource to be there. Maybe somebody at the plant can't make a meeting, but they can if it's done virtually. And so in some ways, it might shorten the sales cycle. I do believe this. I believe it's expanded the demand because the marketplace is more appreciative of a great supply chain partner after the last six months than maybe they were in the past. And when I say expand, my example earlier with government, I think a lot of those folks would kind of look at us in the past and say, you know what, that's different and we don't do different. And now they're looking and saying, we need to do different, we need to embrace change. So I think it's expanded it. I see we're at about two minutes before so I'm sorry, I won't give you a follow-up, sorry. But Holdens available right after the call. Id just like to close with my thanks to the Fastenal team for everything you've done. Not just the last three months, but for the last six months and frankly for the years. Many of you have been with us years and you've seen us through good times and bad. And we find success together. I want to thank our shareholders for participating today. And in closing, on October 28, my wife and I will celebrate 25 years and Jen, thanks if you're listening. Have a good day, everybody. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to your host, Ms. Ellen Stolts. Thank you, ma'am. You may now begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2020 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Quarter. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time open for questions-and-answers. Todays conference call is the proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio-simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1st, 2020, at midnight Central Time  As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thanks Ellen and good morning, everybody and thank you for taking time this morning to listen in on the Fastenal earnings call. Before I start, I'd like to mention two milestones in Fastenal this week, and I want to do that  just got written -- and in case I would be negligent and miss it. Dave Donahue today celebrates 40 years with Fastenal. Dave, I want to say thank you and congratulations. Not far behind Dave is Lee Hein, who will celebrate 35 years with Fastenal tomorrow. Hey, Rodney if you're listening, I would mention you as well, but you're only at 20 years and so in 10 years, I'll mention you on the call. Surround yourself with great people, people better than yourself. Be willing to learn to change and be comfortable with trusting others and you will find success. And I'm pleased and I'm really proud of the Fastenal team for what we accomplished this quarter. First off, the team was successful in sourcing hard-to-find safety products and bringing this product to our existing customers, but of equal importance -- maybe greater importance to new customers; customers -- we don't traditionally do much business with, and I'm thinking of hospitals and first responders when I talk about that group. The team was also successful in lowering our cost structure. It's really a combination of our model simply working the way it works. One item that assisted us this quarter is we've enjoyed great growth over the years. We are a promote from within organization. That means you're finding new talent every day in the organization. And the best way to do that -- at least the best way that we found is you have constant relationships with four-year state colleges, two-year technical schools, and you find folks every day to come work for us part time. And so, we have a fair number of full-time students that work for us part time. Well, as you can appreciate in the spring of 2020, with all the schools closing, we lost some employees. We fully expect, and we are maintaining contact with that group, because we want them back when they're back in school. But in the short-term, that helped us a little bit on managing the P&L, and you see that shine through on our FTE numbers. Again, that's the model working, as it should work in an environment like this. And the final piece and that is, if you truly believe in a decentralized decision-making structure, you can move faster than anybody else in the marketplace. And I think that was demonstrated this quarter in both our ability to move quickly on rein in expenses, but also to move quickly on finding sort of supply of critically needed safety products. And if there's anything that you take away from this quarter when we think back to this quarter in the years of Fastenal, trusting others is probably the most important lesson, and it's probably one of the greatest legacies that Bob Kierlin has given to this organization. I'm going to be redundant here for a second. I'm flipping to the second bullet in the flip book, and our five priorities to the quarter was, it trust and fairness. Trust each other, be fair with each other, and support each other. And if somebody needs to be home with a child today or a parent or something else, be flexible with that persons schedule. If somebody has a person in their household that has  is particularly susceptible to the negative aspects of COVID-19, be mindful of that, and conduct yourself accordingly in our brands, in our support area, wherever you are within the organization. And it's  and maintain a safe environment for our people. That includes our people's family and for customers and their families. Customers allow us to come into their business every day to fill vending machines, to stock product on a production floor, or in a bin stock. We have an obligation to them as well to maintain a safe environment. Support the people directly involved in the pandemic. They're the heroes here. Be there to support them, make sure you're reaching out to them to see what they need, and be creative in finding solutions for them, sustain our supply chain of critical products for our regular customers as well. They are the fabric of our society. And if you think about the infrastructure of this nation or the planet, or you think about the things that you need in your day-to-day life, we supply the folks that make that product for you, and they need a safe and resilient source of supply. The other suggestion I gave to the folks, and this is probably a bad talking, was maybe shutoff the TV and get off social media. There's more garbage there than value, unfortunately. Talk to each other, talk to your customer, solve problems. That's the task of the day. Going down on Page 3, the effects of this PPE surge, and Holden will touch on it in more detail, but the effects of this surge is -- notably it shows up in our lower gross margin, safety products is not the higher gross margin product, and our task in the quarter was getting product to market quickly. Sometimes that meant flying product that should be on a ship. Sometimes that meant using third-party transportation to move it in a different fashion. It's not an inexpensive proposition, but it brought the product to market quickly, and that was more important in this environment. And you see that show up in our gross margin. I believe that will recover as we move into the third quarter. The faster sales, daily sales, the hub picks and the vending expenses and more of that vending expenses in a second. Point two, bottoming of the environment we operated in April and improved trends in both May and June. I don't think there's anything new there for the folks that are looking at our monthly numbers, but just thought I would share that. We added two charts to this quarter's discussion. And with 100,000 vending devices deployed across 25 countries, I think we probably have a good view into what's happening real-time as this exists. So, the first is looking at product dispenses and -- because I don't want to be in a situation where the analyst community is asking for numbers from now on to infinity. We indexed everything back October to 100. But it's really about looking at a machine out there or a group of machines that's dispensing 100 items per day and what are the trends of that population. And as you go through  and the reason we chose October is to cut off, it was well before the start of COVID-19. So the gold line you see is a combination of the last four years of history. And you can see some points that move around. So you see the Thanksgiving drop offs. You see a little surge before Christmas, and that's probably related to a lot of -- we have a bunch of customers in the e-commerce world and there's probably a bunch of activity spikes up there. You see a drop off around Christmas and New Year. January and February kind of tread water. And you see based on history that if we start at history 100, we'll have 103 dispenses come early March. This year, we were at 105. A couple of weeks later, you see the noise that's around Easter. But you also see the direct impact of COVID-19. You see a dramatic shift as that blue line drops and bottoms out in mid-April at 76 relative to the 100 dispenses we were doing back in October. As we move into June, you see that 109, is about the number we'd expect before the dip that occurs around July 4. This year, we're at 93, so about a 600 basis point delta. And you'd see by fall, we would expect to be at about 113. If you have maybe some nominal inflation in there that would tell me our vending business is growing about 14% a year. Flipping to the next page, now we're looking at it not from a how much is dispensing, but how many unique users are accessing machine. Again, using that logic of 100 unique users last October, you can see a little fluttering around the Thanksgiving. You see obviously the drop off around Christmas. History would say, we should be at about 104 people accessing instead of 100 come early March. That's primarily a result of we're adding new devices every month and so you get the growth because of that. This year, we are actually at 106, 107. And then again, you see the little fluttering around Easter, but you see the dramatic drop off because of COVID-19. And we bottomed out at about 85. The marketplace has since recovered, we're at about 101. It's treading water, as you can see through much of June. And -- but history says, we should be at about 109, so about a 800 basis point delta. And then come fall, we peak out at about 119. We'd start a new cycle again as we go into the New Year. This is more in my mind, about people and employment. Reason I've shared this number internally. I think it's good for us to understand where we are in the marketplace and you can see the very conservative stance we're taking in managing the expenses in the business, and we intend to continue that as we go into Q3, because it's still a weak, very weak environment. Holden will touch on that in a little more detail. Fortunately for us, we were able to find additional business in the second quarter and make some lemonade out of lemons. Switching to page 6 in the flipbook. Our vending and onsite signings bottomed in April. I don't think there's any surprise by that. They did improve in both May and June. Vending and Onsite is critical for us. That's two of our principal growth drivers. And they really allow us to build -- they don't maybe have the same type of impact in the last 90 days or even the next 30 or 60 days, the vending does. But the Onsite is about building that momentum for growth as we go into the tail end of this year and into 2021. And so, we're very, very attuned to getting signings back because we need that for market share gains as we go into the future. We signed 40 Onsites in the quarter. Our goal coming in -- internally our discussion is all about how close can we get to 100 per quarter, I'm holding a shared numbers in the past we've since pulled those numbers for the year. But I'm pleased to say that of the 40 we signed in the quarter, 20 of those were in June. So, at least we're exiting the quarter with some positive momentum, but it's still at a lower level.  If you look at vending, 100 is the same mantra, but there is not per quarter, it's how close do we get to 100 signings per day. Last two years, we've been in the 80s, we moved into the 90s, and then over time moved into the 100s or move it north of 100. That dropped off in March as well. April was pretty low. We gained some traction in June. We signed 69 per day. So we're almost back to 70. It's still at a lower level than last few years, but it's telling me that we can engage with customers in this kind of environment. You said be a little more creative with how you communicate and how you tell the story. Finally, e-commerce. Sales grew about 13.5% in the second quarter. They were climbing as we went into May and June. One thing that hurt our e-commerce numbers during the product is we put in place a very strict allocation process for our COVID-19 products. I think mask, I think face shield, I think thermometers, sanitation products et cetera, so that we essentially shut that product off from buying electronically and you had to call the branch or call your contact to source that, because that was our best means to manage our supply chain of that product, so we had a stable supply for everybody and could hold back the earns to hoard. With that, I will turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Right. Thanks, Dan. I'll start on slide 7. Second quarter 2020 sales were up 10.3%. It was a quarter that was marked by two really distinct trends, both evolving from the social and business efforts to manage the COVID-19 pandemic. The first trend was the weakening of the economy due to stay-at-home measures and steps taken by companies to protect their workforce. This caused customers to operate at greatly reduced utilization and even shut down through parts of the quarter, something, which particularly impacted our Onsites. Conditions did improve as the quarter progressed. A pattern exemplified by our fastener daily sales, which declined 22.5% in April, 15.3% in May and 11.4% in June. That same pattern was evident in the vending data that Dan discussed, as well as our distribution center picks. We believe demand in our traditional business is still 10% to 15% below first quarter levels. And we have seen some flattening in those trends in the last few weeks. The second trend was a surge in demand for certain products that were critical to governments, healthcare providers, and certain businesses in handling the pandemic. We estimate the surge sales of PPE, sanitizer, and other products contributed $350 million to $360 million or roughly 25 percentage points of growth in the quarter. These volumes, which drove 116% growth in our safety products and 260% growth in our government and healthcare business, more than offset weak underlying conditions in our traditional business. We've mostly sold through our pipeline of surge orders at this time. The near-term outlook remains difficult to project. The reopening of industry is occurring in fits and starts as customers reconstitute their workforces and their supply chains and the trends in our internal metrics and a June PMI of 52.6 are encouraging. Further, while we do not expect a second quarter style surge in PPE and sanitizer products because the marketplace today is much better supplied. The recent increase in COVID-19 infections and expanded customer list in key industries should sustain some degree of safety growth. On the other hand, it is less clear how that increase in infections will affect the pace of reopening. I would characterize the tone in the field to be one of cautious optimism for the third quarter of 2020. Now to slide eight, gross margin was 44.5% in the second quarter of 2020, down 240 basis points versus the second quarter of 2019. Roughly one-third of this decline related to mix, which was better than we would have expected at the start of the quarter. While the negative effects of product mix rose sharply, this was partly offset by customer mix as closures in April and May caused our onsites with lower gross margins to underperform total company sales. We expect these dynamics to reverse as conditions normalize. Roughly one-third of the decline in our gross margin related to lower safety margins, a byproduct of sourcing product quickly from non-traditional channels. This should be fully recovered, though it may take a couple of quarters as an oversupply of certain PPE, particularly masks, is impacting margins for those products. The remaining decline in gross margin is from cyclical and organizational factors such as rebates and deleveraging of certain fixed costs, with the exception of specific lines with unique supply/demand profiles such as three ply masks, the pricing environment is stable. This decline in gross margin was more than offset by leveraging of SG&A, which at 23.6% of sales was 320 basis points better than in the second quarter of 2019. Most of our branch network did not have meaningful surge orders and reacted to weakness in their traditional business by reducing FTE by 9.4%, mostly through a reduction in part-time labor of 15%, and hours' worth of 23%. This resulted in 240 basis points of leverage over labor in the second quarter. The remaining leverage was from tight control of costs related to travel, training, occupancy, et cetera, and produced an operating margin of 20.9% up 80 basis points and an incremental margin of 29%. Given still challenging macro conditions, we will continue to tightly control discretionary operating costs in the third quarter of 2020. Putting it all together, we reported second quarter 2020 EPS of $0.42, up 16.7% from $0.36 in the second quarter of 2019. Turning to slide seven, operating cash flow of $251 million -- sorry, slide nine. I'm sorry, turning to slide nine, those vending charts threw me. On slide nine, operating cash flow of $251 million in the second quarter of 2020 was 105% of net income. The increase in operating cash flow versus the second quarter of 2019 was due to $111 million in deferred taxes as part of the CARES Act and higher earnings. $104 million of the deferred taxes will be paid in the third quarter of 2020. Accounts receivable was up 7.5%, including approximately $75 million related to COVID, that we believe will be mostly paid in the third quarter of 2020. Inventories were up 4.1%, including approximately $50 million related to COVID that we will work down over the course of the year. We deployed our balance sheet aggressively through the second quarter of 2020 to retain customer inventories, while they were shuttered or operated at severely depressed levels, as well as to secure and move critical products quickly. Net capital spending in the second quarter of 2020 was $38 million, down from $67 million in the second quarter of 2019, which was expected given reduced needs for new hub capacity after the investments made in 2019, but also reflects lower vending and truck spending. Our capital spending range for 2020 remains $155 million to $180 million. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $143 million in dividends. From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the second quarter of 2020 with debt at 12.7% of total capital, up versus the fourth quarter of 2019, due to the March 2020 Apex asset acquisition, but below the year ago level of 16.6%. We did convert our variable rate revolver debt to fixed debt under our Master Note Agreement during the period. And as a result, we have about $660 million available on our existing credit lines. This leaves us with ample capacity to pay deferred taxes and our dividend as well as to support the reopening of our customers or any COVID-related needs that may yet emerge. This is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey Thanks. I hope everybody is doing well?
Holden Lewis: Hi, Josh. Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Holden, just first question, from a comment you made flattening in the past few weeks. I guess, depending on whether I will get the charts that are kind of indexed to pass points in time or just thinking about year-over-year, can you just help me unpack what that means? Is that business getting better in the last few weeks relative to how the quarter ended or are you trying to say that you've seen some tapering? It wasn't entirely clear. I apologize for maybe being a little slow on the uptake there.
Holden Lewis: Well, I think if you look at Page 4, which is the product expenses through vending, what you'll see is it bottomed in April that really recovered nicely through May, but over the last call it three, four weeks, you've really seen a flattening in the number of vending dispenses that we've seen relative to prior weeks. And I think that's really what I'm referring to. We've seen something similar in hub picks. And so, I think what that kind of tells us is, in the last few weeks, you have that steady increase that we've been seeing week upon week there for a month and a half, two months, really it has kind of flattened out in the last couple of weeks. Now to what degree is that because of the timing of the 4th of July holiday? To what degree is that a function of an increased infections and maybe people reacting in certain parts of the country to that? We don't know that at this point, but I think that what I was referring to in the dialogue was really, what you see on that chart on slide 4.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. I guess if I had to look at it like a fastener-only version of that, so stripping out some of the safety elements, do you think it would look the same or would it have more of a steady increase, kind of more representative of the day-to-day business as it were?
Holden Lewis: I think it would probably look the same, worth noting that we don't vend fasterners. So, this certainly wouldn't reflect it but
Josh Pokrzywinski: Right, more safety it represents.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. But, if I think about the trend in hub picks, which is much broader than just vending, right? And they show a very similar pattern. I think that's what you're seeing. But like I said, the cause of it is difficult to know. This chart really -- this flattening really occurs around a significant holiday, and timing of the week can matter and that sort of thing. So, it's really difficult to know what that means in terms of the remainder of July and the remainder of the third quarter, but it's there to sort of look at and we'll see how that plays out in coming weeks.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful. Ill jump back in queue. I'm sure there's a lot of people who want to ask questions.
Holden Lewis: Sure. Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Holden Lewis: Hey, Dave. Good morning.
David Manthey: First off, I think that 2021 was supposed to be the year that Onsites would be gaining ground on operating margin as you're adding fewer to the bucket, and as the existing Onsites were improving profitability. Should we -- as we think about going through the downturn here, should we think about just moving that to the right a year? Do you still anticipate maybe 2022 where we would start to see Onsites as a group improving in terms of profitability actually helping the overall margin?
Dan Florness: I'll throw out a thought on it and I'll let Holden correct me if I go awry. You are correct with your comment about 2021 and our thinking is the same. I think that there's a couple of competing things going on. One will be, if our existing Onsites are at a depressed level and that depressed level stays in place, that wreaks havoc to what you're talking about. If that -- if we work our way out of that depressed level on the existing Onsites, all of a sudden their operating margin improves because their volumes improve and we're absorbing our cost. If you think of the impact of new Onsites coming in, actually that would help us in 2021. Unfortunately, it help us because we'd have fewer drain from the new Onsites. We won't have the revenue growth. But in the first year, the Onsites actually hurt operating margin, and so your comment about mix change is really a function of, as we get now four years into this accelerated Onsite signings and it becomes a more balanced mix. A lower number in one year would actually help that in the short-term. I don't want that help. We want the signings. But mathematically  so, I don't know that it pushes it out and Holden might have a better insight because he's closer to the numbers than I am.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I think it's for better or for the worse what has occurred, nothing has changed in terms of our overall view of how this plays out. But what has occurred is, we've injected a couple more variables in that we didn't necessarily anticipate injecting in. I think Dan really spoke about those. The variables that was causing us to think about the timing originally, the one that comes to mind for me is, one reason the margin would get better is because the average size per Onsite gets better, and we were going to see those lines begin to cross in 2020, and therefore, lead to some better improvement in 2021. I still think that's the key metric, Dave. And so, depending on how all these variables play out over the next six to 12 months, I think the key metric is the average size per Onsite bottoming out and beginning to rise in a sustainable fashion. And is it possible that that point can get pushed out a bit by all these moving pieces that are playing out? Yeah, I think that's possible. I think those are cyclical factors as opposed to secular ones, right. I think the overall dynamic is still very much in place, very much in force. And unfortunately, we've had some other variables that get injected into it. But I still believe that once the average size per Onsite begins to move up, that's where you're going to start to see the leverage and incremental margins in that business move up. If that slides a couple of quarters because of some of the things that's happening, it's possible, but I don't think it's changed in any way the overall secular picture around Onsites and improving profitability and returns.
David Manthey: Got it. Okay. And it's been a while to have asked this question and the mix may have changed over time. But when you look at Fastenals business today, particularly in the manufacturing verticals compared to industrial production, what verticals do you see the company right now as being slightly overweight versus slightly underweight? Can you just give us an idea of maybe the top one or two there?
Holden Lewis: Not sure how to answer that question. The -- we're still a heavy manufacturing company of course. And heavy machinery is a big portion of that. Now, I think that's a natural byproduct of the, kind of, products that we serve, our history, the markets that we typically address, et cetera. So, I'm not sure that we're overweight. But I will tell you, we'd like to move our construction mix up. We'd like to move our government and education mix up. And I think that, that's occurred over time, we'd like to see it happen faster. And so, if I think going forward, will manufacturing be slightly smaller in the mix than it is today relative to some of these governments and health care and educational opportunities in construction? Probably. That's just us moving into additional markets and additional opportunities and making progress in those. So that's probably how I would characterize it. Dan, I don't know if you have a different perspective.
Dan Florness: If you think about our manufacturing business, about half of our manufacturing business to Holden's point is heavy manufacturing. And a big chunk of that, probably two-thirds of that would be heavy equipment manufacturing within that heavy manufacturing subcategory. And you picked up, I saw -- I read the piece you put out earlier this morning, Dave, we picked up on the fact that manufacturing did weaken a little bit in June. And that's where the weakening in June. It had gained some strength in May. It was down 24% in April. It was down 10% and then down 14% now in June. I don't know how much comps from last year played into that, because I just don't have visibility to that in front of me. But that's a piece. About 40% of our manufacturing business is broadly in what Holden describes on my teaching here is media manufacturing; I'll let him define what that means. That was just marginally negative in June. The remaining, which is about 10% of our manufacturing, which probably has a lot of food in it as well, that's actually growing double digits in April, May and June, where it was only growing 9% back in March.
David Manthey: Okay. Great.
Dan Florness: But your operating in Oklahoma -- yes, if you're operating in Oklahoma, Texas, or Louisiana, that's a pretty tough manufacturing environment right now because there's -- we do fair amount of business in oil and gas.
David Manthey: Yes. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, Dan.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. Thank you. My question was just on the -- on your captive trucking network. I think you mentioned using third-party transport. Any thoughts as to how you're thinking about freight? And just longer term, what kind of competitive advantage your trucking network has? Historically, you know, you've talked about optimizing that. Just curious where that stands?
Dan Florness: So, I don't think our thought process on freight using our own captive network has changed at all during this. What we did do is we pulled -- our lowest day of the week for shipments is Tuesday. So, our shipment that goes out -- our truck routes go out Monday night, we've effectively canceled those in April. And branches that were getting five trucks, now getting four trucks. And we really challenged out those branches to work with your customer to understand your inventory stocking. So, we didnt -- not -- so we didnt canceled Tuesday trucks and then we trade in a bunch of stuff because we needed the product. We did a really nice job with that. Now, the savings there is in some labor. It's in fuel, obviously. The trucks, unfortunately, all we could do on that day is park them. And so as they go off lease, we can reduce some of those as we go through the year. We used a fair amount for third-party because our trucking network is really this agile trucking system that lives and breathes within the Fastenal supply chain. And these surge orders, we weren't selling you know, a box or a pellet product, we were selling truckloads or container loads. And so that's what really prompted the need to use probably more third-party than we had typically because it was just a different type of movement. Whereas our trucking network, I think of it as an LTL network. It does small parts of those LTL, and it's very agile nimble. But if you want to move a truckload from point A to point B, it might be more cost effective to move it in one of our trucks and just drive it there, we'll move it on third-party, who's got -- who has an open lane.
Holden Lewis: The combination of underutilizing some of our fleet as well as if you look at how much product we move not on our fleet, but on third-party, it was probably six percentage to seven percentage points higher in this quarter than it has been in recent quarters. And again, that carries an incremental cost to it as well. But it's a reflection of some of the product that we did move, but those are some of the inefficiencies that get created in the network in an environment like this.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you. And just a follow-up question, I'll turn it over. Just what are you looking for in terms of -- visibility before you start adding cost back into the system, specifically, headcount? I know you mentioned you're cautiously optimistic today, but any thoughts as to what you're looking at internally there before you add costs back? Thank you.
Dan Florness: Every Wednesday, I get an update on those vending stats you looked at, and I'm watching those vending stats because here's a $1 billion business that touches on a daily basis. And I mean, seven days a week in -- across 25 countries, across a big piece of our customer base. I think it was on the latest employment numbers that came out, and they were talking about how they were adjusting and the methods. We learned more about the methods for doing unemployment reporting at the federal level. And I felt like geez, don't they just get a RVPs board and then they can improve the accuracy. Here, we have something that looks at our business every day, every week. It's incredibly accurate. When I see those trends moves, we'll be more comfortable to take steps.
Hamzah Mazari: Got. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. And I think to add to that, you will see some expenses come back. I mean, we had movement, travel, food, things of that nature, among our sales and non-sales force, that was down 60% -- just about 60% in the second quarter. Do I expect that to be down 60% in the third quarter? Probably not. Will it be down significantly? In all likelihood, it will. If you talk to the RVPs on how they're viewing labor, at this point, they're still looking to be very tight with what they add back. And as they add, if those opportunities present themselves, they're more likely to begin by adding hours because I think there is plenty of capacity in our part-time workforce today to add hours before we have to add more heads or more bodies. So the -- we're still going to operate, I think, well below sort of the Q1 level of expenses, and I think the market justifies that. But would you expect to see some increase as the market today looks really different than what we thought it might look like three months ago? Sure. But we're certain going to be fairly tight. And that's controlled by the field.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi, guys. Maybe I'll ask a few safety questions. So I think first off, any color on why safety sales in June only tapered slightly? I think Holden, you were expecting maybe a bigger falloff. And I think one of your peers who reported mentioned that, hey, customers already bought. So they saw safety fall off pretty meaningfully in June?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I'll say the surge business was still pretty healthy in June. And I think that really gets to it. So, in both May and June, I would say the surge orders outperformed what I might have expected going into the months. And that's a positive thing. Not only for us as an organization, but for what we can do for customers and for the marketplace in general. So I think that, that's great. But yeah, I would say the surge orders just simply were better than I might have expected going into the month. Now, I will caution, I think I did suggest that at the time of the May sales release that we would see some more in June, they would taper off. They didn't taper off as much as we thought, but I did indicate that, I didn't think that surge orders would be meaningful as you roll into the third quarter. I still believe that. I think that we've largely sort of taken care of the pipeline of the initial surge. The question at this point is whether or not there's going to be a second pipeline filling events, right? And you are seeing a lot of COVID infections moving up. We have a lot of new customers that we absolutely expect to turn, get away from being sort of a one-time supplier search product and turning them into long-term regular customers. But at the same time, the marketplace right now is much better supplied with these products than it was three months ago, when the surge pipeline built-up. So, I believe that in the third quarter, I think safety will grow up, despite the market still being a little bit underwater. And I think that some of what you're seeing in the market will be helpful. But I think you're looking at growth that's more like 10% to 15%, not 116%. And that's how I'd characterize the environment today.
Dan Florness: The only thing I'd add to it is there's still a lot of noise going on. Every day, you see something new going on in a particular geographic area. I think we've done a nice job. Our government team particularly has done a really nice job of helping the public to be aware of we are a reliable source of supply. And more stuff came out of the board work in June than I would have expected. And just last week, I was talking to one of our Regional Vice President and he was talking about an Onsite we just signed and it was completely related to somebody that wasn't a business partner of ours before, but they were sourcing product for and they learned about what we do and how we go to market, and we signed an Onsite with them. And so, I think part of what's helping us right now is word-of-mouth in the end market. We're still getting calls. Yesterday, I was sitting in the Board meeting and we see the text from one of our EVP of Sales and theres some stuff come out of the word work again. Now please don't read into that, Florness just said, it's going to take off again in Q3, but there's still stuff that comes out of the word work. And I think part of it is the marketplace, a non-traditional marketplace for us is seeing us as a very valuable supply chain partner because one of the things that has come out of this is  and you see news  unfortunate new stories about it. There's a lot of garbage in the marketplace as far as product. We were founded by a mechanical engineer. We started with fasteners. There's nothing that requires better QC than fasteners because it's holding stuff together. When we source something, we're in the plant, we're testing the product in a way that maybe isn't existing in all sources of supply and so people trust us. And that's really important in this environment.
Holden Lewis: Another way to think of the change perhaps is, if I look at where the safety mix is through the first seven days of the business, so let's bear in mind, there's only seven days. But safety is about 24% of revenues through the first seven days of July. Compare that to the second quarter, it was 34% of revenues. And so, you've clearly seen that July is not going to be where June was in those numbers, unless something changes as it relates to the current COVID infections and that's something that we have yet to be seen. But I think it's just as meaningful to suggest or to point out that at this time last year, safety was 17%, 18%, 19%, right? And so, that's kind of the dynamic that you're seeing. And that's why we suggest that you're not going to see surge volumes in the third quarter in July, like you've seen -- like you saw in the second quarter, but we'll see how the market evolves.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Yeah, helpful color. I'm having a pretty tough time forecasting 3Q, I think like everyone else, but that's helpful. So you started to answer Dan, my second question a little bit there. But just stepping back, high level, in a post-COVID world, does your value prop to the customer increase in your view? And then related any change in the way that you go-to-market? Or is access to facilities not going to change that much in your view?
Dan Florness: I think the value prop has expanded, particularly for folks outside our historical customer base.
Ryan Merkel: Right.
Dan Florness: I mean they didn't know us as well. And we've been serving the manufacturing and construction sectors for years. We're still kind of a new player in some of the other spaces. So, I think our value proposition, the awareness to it has improved. I think one of the outcomes of this, I think, we've proven to ourselves that we can do some things that maybe we didn't even realize we could do. Because while we have a substantial safety business, I don't want to make light of it, half of our safety business was because of our vending business. And so we've grown great resources in that industry, in that marketplace. But I don't think we even realized how strong they were. And this gave us a chance to flex that muscle a little bit and demonstrate it. And so, what it means going forward that, one, I'm really not sure of. We had to cancel our customer show in April as you're aware. And that's a big event for us, because people get a chance to get exposed a little deeper into the organization than you meet with suppliers. You learn about what we do, how we go to market. It's a very transparent event from the standpoint of gaining comfort. Because a supplier when they really turn the business over to us, that's a huge trust thing, and they learn that this is a group of folks that I can rely on. And not having that, that's a tough one. But we have, going into the fall, a bunch of virtual events that we're developing and we'll be one. But we have, going into the fall, a bunch of virtual events that we're developing and we'll be doing, and they're -- we really, I think, have a good plan there. We're going to figure out a way to promote vending to promote Onsites, to promote the Fastenal business model in the marketplace. And I think maybe we'll figure out a way to do it better, but time will tell.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thanks Ryan,
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Nigel Coe: Good morning, guys. Maybe I'll pick up from, I think, Ryan just touched on a topic that I was going to dig into as well. In the traditional retail world, we've seen a pretty marked shift between physical versus e-commerce. And it doesn't feel like you've seen that. I'm just wondering in the post-COVID world, do you expect e-commerce to accelerate the expense of physical store sales, not necessarily Onsite, just your physical stores?
Dan Florness: If you think about how we've kind of presented the story and I talked about this about at the Annual Meeting and is we really -- when you boil down business, it's going into our end market, and we're a B2B model. When you look at that business, the bulk of the dollars are planned spend, a smaller piece of the dollars are transactional spend. And what we've really built with our -- starting with fasteners, especially the OEM fasteners and the MRO as it relates to bin stocks. And now gotten much deeper with our vending is we're really a great supplier for planned spend. And because we have the infrastructure for planned spend, we're really good at transactional, too. So one of the reasons, our e-commerce numbers are different than our peers is most of the products our customers buy from us, they don't order. It's there when they need it. It might be a vending machine, it might be in a bin, it might be on production floor. We know their needs. And so, it's kind of like that ad that you used to always see of the person reaching in and grabbing that once used and there's a hand reaching through from -- or the sand or orcher whatever you call where oranges are grown. And -- but the point is, if you're really good at supply chain partnership, you aren't ordering product, and that changes are dynamic. Now, we see on that piece of business that is transactional, be a great partner, and that's where we think things like our vending come into play. So one thing we really haven't talked about is during the last few months, we've rolled out about 400 vending machines to the front of branch locations. So, when a customer calls up to order something or better yet orders it online, we put in the locker because the vending is the natural social distance tools. Bin stocks is a natural social distance tool. So, we think we're actually poised to be more successful at creating a reliable supply chain and yet instilling social distance because it's inherently more efficient. And so I think it serves us well and improves -- to Ryan's last question, the value proposition because, especially, since we did the transaction with Apex back in March, we now can do things with vending that we couldnt have done three and four and five months ago, and now we own the technology. So, we can take it anywhere that our -- the marketplace wants us to take it.
Holden Lewis: I would probably add, I mean, our fundamental value proposition is one of total cost of ownership savings. And as Dan alluded to, what we try to do for a customer is remove them from the process of doing something which is non-core to them, which is sourcing product. And the e-commerce path has a lot of value in the channel, but it still is going to heavily involve the customer in the process of procuring product. And as long as customers continue to see value in the case of an onsite and our assuming the inventory and our assuming the crib duties or in vending, seeing value in the data that comes out of that, the availability on the -- at the point-of-use on the plant, that's -- those just aren't things that can be replicated in an e-commerce environment. So, in our view to see a major change like you're suggesting, would have to see a major change in what customers value, which is to say they're willing to accept more expense in their sourcing operations than they have to if they use -- they use our approach to the marketplace. And we just don't think that's going to happen.
Nigel Coe: That's nice. Great color. Thanks for that guys. And then I want to understand what you mean by the safety is much better supplied in the market, specifically within some of the non-traditional customer base. And is that because the traditional distributors into those verticals have kind of caught up and they've got inventory? Or do the customers have a lot of inventory themselves? I mean, what do you actually mean by that comment?
Holden Lewis: It's probably some combination of all of it. I think three months ago, when this crisis hit, remember China was actually down and coming back up. And so you weren't fully producing product at the kind of scale that you needed to deal with the issue of COVID as it hit Europe and the U.S. And so I think, three months ago, you had supply restrictions. I think those supply restrictions have largely cleaned up. I think three months ago, the supply chain was in shock and it took a while for the supply chain to figure out where to go to get product. I think that the supply chain has figured that out. And I do suspect that there are customers out there that over-purchased product because of the uncertainty of the situation, and it's probably in the chain.
Dan Florness: I think the last piece is probably as important element of all of them. I mean how many people in this call went out bought six months' worth of toilet paper in March? I mean it was ridiculous what you'd see going out in carts at establishments as it relates to just basic household supplies. And when you have that kind of a surge in demand, I mean, one thing that we did and I think it's resonated well with our customer base, especially including our new customer base, is we put in place a very commonsensical allocation process. And we've really have tried to share and shed the light of day of that process with our customers. And I think that even changes the ordering pattern of the customers because all of a sudden, they get what we're doing. They understand it. And now they're buying to demand. Theyre not buying out of panic. And thats what  I keep harping on this point, and I'm sorry if I'm beating at the death. That's what a supply chain partner does. If you shed light to, here's how the system works, and here's how and why we can support your needs. And we can be reliable. And that's probably changing part of the two, because there's less panic buying going on today. I mean, we brought very early on, this organization was able to bring organization to chaos. And I think today the market has less chaos, and it's fairly well supplied with key products like 3-Plys and things of that nature. And by the way, in that particular line, that's also having an impact on sort of the pricing in the marketplace as well.
Nigel Coe: Very clear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Dankert of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Dankert: Hi. Holden, do we have time for one more or do you want to wrap it up?
Holden Lewis: Yeah. We have. Go ahead. Yeah.
Dan Florness: I hold an answer, because I talked too long.
Chris Dankert: Thanks, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I guess, just kind of circling back here. How many of these non-traditional customers have indicated there is the opportunity for a larger relationship? Is some of this just, hey, let's support the governments and hospitals and health care workers in this time in need. And that's going to be just a short-term sugar rush? Or can some of these relationships extend into 2021 and beyond and kind of grow from there?
Dan Florness: I think our safety teams have talked about probably fully a quarter of the relationships that we created or entered into and sort of a one-time surge capacity can be forged into longer-term relationships. Now when I say a quarter, look, some of those relationships were always going to be transactional, right? Either because they were using us because their conditional supplier wasn't available, they go back to that relationship or what have you. But, there is an expectation out of the safety teams that fully a quarter of those relationships from the second quarter could be extended into long-term relationships as opposed to short-term transactional ones. And obviously, those are going to be the ones that are the largest opportunities from our perspective, so.
Holden Lewis: One thing I'll add to that -- sorry, I said, I shut up is I think awareness, is part of the game for a lot of these customers, they probably weren't  they didn't think of us as a supply chain partner in their space, and their industry. They thought of us, oh! those guys have some nuts and bolts. Or they're more of a manufacturing and industrial and construction supplier. They don't really sell what we source. So I think awareness is an important element here. I believe also, what you run into with a lot of those marketplaces, they buy through consortiums. And if you're not necessarily a player in that space, you're not on their radar. And I wouldn't be surprised. And this is forward-looking now. So I should have in turn here to qualify everything I'm going to say. I wouldn't be surprised to see some customers say, hey, to their consortium, we want Fastenal in this group, so that we can source from them and it's easier, because we went through too many hurdles to buy from them in March or April. And we need to make this easier. I think you'll see some of that. And I think it has some staying power. But I think it's all about becoming aware to what we can bring to their table. Because at the end of the day, it's not about what Fastenal does. It's about the value we can bring to the customer. And awareness is a key part. Yeah.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Yeah, I'm glad to hear that there's certainly some real tangible opportunity there. And then Holden, you touched on this, I'd like to circle back real quick I guess now, Fastenal deals in a fairly high amount of branch specific stock in most quarters. But obviously, we're seeing a lot more kind of in response with pandemic. Now that these supplier relationships are established, I guess, how does that impact mix going forward? Is it reasonable to think that getting these rebate relationships in place can kind of help offset some of that gross margin pressure in the back half of the year?
Holden Lewis: Well, I'm not sure that there's  rebates, they are typically negotiated on a periodic data. I'm not sure that, that's going to have any impact on the back half of the year. Starting a little bit with the sort of the  where you're going with the question. But yes, if you could let me know exactly what you're looking for.
Chris Dankert: I was just thinking -- no, if you're dealing with just new suppliers that you have no history with, obviously, you're going to get a tougher cost basis than if you're establishing these relationships and you start to work out better pricing. That was the thrust of my question.
Holden Lewis: Got it. Right. Okay, on the supply side, my apologies. So, one of the reasons  our safety margin in the second quarter was probably 250 to 350 basis points lower than it needs to be and frankly lower than it was in Q1 and last year. And that is significantly because of some of the things that you're talking about. Now going forward, we've certainly introduced ourselves to new suppliers and they to us and we'll no doubt that those suppliers. And if there are suppliers that are worth carrying forward going forward, then I'm sure we'll do that. And we'll do that in a more traditional relationship. Maybe there'll be rebates in there or maybe there'll be a different agreement on pricing. As two parties begin to trust each other, I think that it becomes easier to optimize that relationship, and that can happen. But worst-case scenario; again, as the marketplace normalizes, we will go back to our normal dynamics with our normal suppliers, with our normal means of transporting product about. And I would expect that we will get that 250 to 350 basis points back. Now will that happen in 3Q? Probably not, because as I talked about, we do have some product in inventory that  where some of the price cost dynamics are a little bit challenging. And I think we have to work through that over the course of the year. And again, there's probably going to be some additional COVID-type business that happens based on the infection rates. And so, I think we get the 250 to 350 back in the third quarter, probably not. But I think we'll make substantial progress. And I think we'll normalize things as the year progresses in that particular product line.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thank you for the color guys. Take care. Go ahead.
Dan Florness: I was just going to say, it's two minutes to the hour. Again, thank you for everybody for participating in the call today. My thanks to the Blue team at Fastenal for what you did in the last three, four months of setting your personal fears aside at times and pursuing the goal of -- we have a strong conservative balance sheet. We can make use of it in this environment to create a fast us, to create speed and resilient supply chain. And everybody needs to purpose and a reason to get for morning. I think we found a great purpose for the last four months. And thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fastenal 2020 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. Its now my pleasure to introduce your host Ellen Stolts. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2020, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning everybody, and thank you for joining our call today. I thought I'd start by giving a quick recap of the quarter as it rolls out from a chronology perspective and what we learned and actions we took at different points. Back in January  so we operate in 25 countries. We have both a sales organization and a sourcing organization that is based in China, and we have regular conversations with that group, and it was back in January that we learned firsthand from our teams in China, from our leaders in China about COVID-19. At that point in time, we started to lock down and monitor specific SKUs as we had a goal in mind, and that was to maintain a great and reliable supply chain for our customers, particularly our repeat customers where we had a good understanding of their normal usage and had some predictability of what to expect. It was also at that time that we shared with several of our Board members about the potential of a transaction with a company called Apex, who's been our partner in the vending realm for about the last dozen years. On February 6, we sounded the alarm  of the alarm internally. And what I mean by that is, in connection with our sales release, we put a message out to all of our employees throughout the organization of what we were learning from our team in China about COVID-19 about the fact that Chinese New Year was being extended a second week and some of the lessons they were starting to learn in the world that was changing in their eyes, so we could start to prepare our teams as well as marshal our sourcing and supply chain resources to stabilize supply, to better understand talking supplier to supplier where they were and where they were from an operational standpoint, and to begin the process of vetting suppliers to expand access to select products, particularly safety and janitorial. It was also during the first half of February that we notified the entire Board about the potential of the Apex transaction and signed a letter of intent with Apex later in the month. Also in the latter half of February, we engaged with our IT folks to expand their sourcing. We don't do a lot of mobile work with our employees other than the mobility platforms we have at our branch and onsite locations, and we began to expand our footprint for allowing work at home and creating whatever change we could also have for resources to support the business. On March 5 in connection with our February sales release, our video started  expanded the updates to our employees and shared again what we were seeing and the steps we were taking. It was a day later on Friday, March 6 that we canceled our annual customer event that was scheduled to be held in mid April in Denver, and it's an event that more than about 6,000 people attend over a three-day period. Given the changing environment, we saw it prudent to cancel the event as we didn't think the event would be able to come off as planned. On Saturday, March 7 in a little sideline here, we celebrated my mom's 90th birthday. I'm pleased to say we were able to do that in person. Weekend of March 14, we notified approximately 300,000 customers, we were locking our front door. For those of you that have ever been at an Fastenal location, it somewhat feels like an industrial hardware store to a certain degree. Most of our revenue goes out the back door. We deliver it to our customer's location. It might be going into a vending machine. It might be going into a bin stock. It might be strictly a delivery. A smaller piece goes out the front door. And so, with the thought process of protecting our employees, protecting our customer supply chain, we notified our customers the front door was locked. However, we are open for business and our folks really started to learn more and more about the term critical infrastructure or critical industry and appreciated better the role we provide in the marketplace. We also indicated to our customers, please order ahead. If you are coming to the branch, call us on the phone, place an order online, and we'll have the product ready for you. We'll do a safe handoff at the front door, so we can keep a distance from each other and keep everybody safe, but allow you to access critical supplies to your business. Later in the week of March 15, we sent out a message and this turned out to be the first of a weekly video update to our teams, and an expanded Fastenal business update, which is our internal communication platform to let folks know what's going on. And later in that week of March 15, we expanded our employee benefits program to specifically address COVID-19 issues and expand our paid days off. And our goal was quite simple. We believe that people make better decisions when they can remove some worries from their life, and one of the elements we wanted to remove is to provide comfort that I had a job and that I would have paycheck coming in if something happened. It might be a child that's home from a school that's closed, it might be a situation where I contract COVID-19, but we wanted to provide comfort to our employees because we think we make better decisions in that environment. We also took the step of notifying our employees, typically benefits affect mostly full-time employees. This was a benefit we put in place that affected both full and part time employees, because we're equally engaged in the supply chain to our customer. On March 25, we sent a second letter to our customers. This one was not emailed out as the first one was, this was posted on our website, but it was really intended to provide our local teams with an update means for their customers, and we began to limit specific safety and janitorial SKUs to critical industries. So, in that first communication, it was about limiting contact and create social distance, and we also started to talk about internally focusing on our repeat customers from the standpoint of understanding their normal usage. So, again, maintain a stable supply chain to your customer.  March 27, I'm pleased to say, we celebrated my father-in-law's 89th birthday. This time we made use of a technology called FaceTime, first time my father-in-law ever used it. March 30, we closed on the Apex vending transaction that we disclosed in our release that came out earlier this morning. April 10, we sent the third letter to our customers. Again, this one was posted to our website to reiterate the allocation of critical inventory and the approach we're taking to support a stable supply chain in the marketplace. I'll now turn over to the flipbook to that Holden has put out to talk about our first quarter. As I mentioned briefly, we shared with our employees the concept of critical infrastructure, shared with our employees about the customers they're serving and the vital role they provide in the marketplace. And I'm really impressed with the way our team responded by setting aside personal concerns and taking prudent steps to protect their safety in a customer supply chain. And Holden will touchdown in a few minutes, you see, I believe the Fastenal organization shine in a period like this. Second bullet, we have several co-equal first priorities. As I've alluded to, safety of our employees, our suppliers, our customers and society in general is the paramount in our mind and our thought process. Understand our role as important, agile supply chain partner. Remain thoughtful discipline and willing to have frank and open conversations, share with your customer what you know, when you know it, manage expectations. And lastly, maintain a stable cash flow to support not just the business in the short term, but to support what we see as an economy that's going to restart at some point. We just don't know what that point is. We also given the fact that our mix was shifting abruptly to government and safety products and our fasteners were dropping dramatically as customers either shut down because of shelter in place orders or customers business slowed and their demand slowed, which our fastener business drop off. And gross margins in fasteners and safety products are not the same and you see that when you look at our financial statements this quarter. Accordingly, we have taken steps to reduce operating costs. We have incredibly strong balance sheet. Historically, we've operated this business with I believe great business discipline, but also great financial discipline and it shines in times like this. The economics of a distribution model are also shined in times like this from the standpoint of reduced activity unlocks some working capital from your balance sheet and you saw that in this quarter and I suspect you continue to see this play out as the year progresses. We currently have every intention of maintaining our dividend. In fact, that's one of the priorities I laid out for our team early on. I'm very mindful of in times like this, as we saw back in 2009, 2010 and in other periods in our history, the ability to maintain that dividend is meaningful to our shareholders. And I'm ever mindful of chunk of our shareholders come to work at Fastenal every day, approximately 4.3 million shares are held by our 401(k) plan. And also, as I mentioned earlier, we purchased late in the quarter certain assets primarily intangible, but also supply chain access to our vending platform that I believe will lower our cost structure in the future, but also enhance our ability to make vending evermore a part of the Fastenal business. With activity weakening, customers closing and our energy shifting to supply and key products to a range of critical industries, government, healthcare, first responders, et cetera, our visibility to our 2020 goals for both signing onsites and signing vending are murky at best. The cancellation of our customer show probably creates as much murkiness as anything because history has shown that that customer event is a great opportunity to unlock particularly onsite activities. An onsite relationship is a very strategic relationship. It's not something that a customer enters into without a lot of thought because it's a big change to their business and that's why we're not providing signing ranges at this time. Although in all honesty, when I look at the 85 onsites that we signed in the first quarter, if somebody would have gone back in time and had a discussion with me and said, hey, in 2020, you're just going to start this way, COVID-19 is going to become a thing globally and you're still going to sign 85 onsites, I wouldn't have believed it. It's a testament to the pipeline we have in place already in that March was stronger than January in onsite signings, but it's at a lower level. And therefore, we've removed our signing ranges for the year. Holden will touch on this a few minutes, but to give a proxy of where patterns are ending March and where they're starting April. As of March 31st, 121 or just over 10% of our active onsites were closed because the customer was closed or essentially shut down. Total end market locations, 3,270 at the end of the first quarter 2020. From a vending perspective, vending is different than onsite from the standpoint. It's more transactional. It's influenced by strategic decisions, but it's much more transactional. And we did see that fall off in March. In that March was about two thirds of the signing pace of what we saw in March of 2019. I will add that now when I look at vending, I feel very good about our future. And part of that is the business that we created over the last decade or so, part of it is the recent Apex purchase and what it means for us to streamline that. And a couple of things I would share and I'll share a quick story. Sunday night at about 11:30 in Florness household, our smoke alarm went off. Now for those of you that don't know this, back in January 2013, our house burned to the ground. My wife and kids and dogs all got out safely, but the house was gone. This was a case of a bad battery. And so at 11:30 the alarms gone off, the dogs are hauling. And we started replacing batteries. At 11  when I finished, I hopped online at fastenal.com and I placed an order for batteries and it told me they'd be available at  on Tuesday morning because they weren't  this particular battery wasn't in stock at our local brands. And I'm pleased to say at 7:26 this morning, I did receive an email from Fastenal.com that my order is ready outside locker ready for pickup. And so I'll go pick that up later today. And then related to that e-commerce grew 27% in the first quarter and in the month of March our e-commerce in total expanded above 10% of sales for the first time ever. I believe for the quarter we're at above 9.5. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. I'll begin with the business cadence slide on Slide 5. Total sales were up 4.4% and daily sales were up 2.8% in the first quarter of 2020. Daily sales in the first two months of the quarter were up 4.1% with January and February both exceeding seasonal norms and the PMI averaging 50.5. Growth was helped by easier weather and holiday comps with overall business activity was still sluggish, but there were encouraging signs of things stabilizing. March began similarly, but the final eight business days of the month began to reflect COVID-19 related issues. A number of parts of our business highlight that impact. One is the fastener sales, which tend to be more cyclical. After being up 1.4% in January and February fastener daily sales were down 10% in March more telling our non-OEM, non-construction fasteners which represent roughly 30% of the category was down nearly 20%. This group includes fasteners for amusement parks, schools, retail operations, and our cash sales and was heavily impacted by shelter in place and social distancing requirements as well as our decision to restrict public access to our branches. Another area is Onsites, where more than 120 units in North America or around 10% to 11% of our total were closed as a result of customer facility closures. This likely resulted in more than $2.5 million in lost sales in March and there clearly would have been additional lost sales from key account business in our traditional branches. On the other hand, the unique nature of this crisis has produced opportunities. Safety, our second largest product category was up 31% in March as our global sourcing capabilities lined up with the needs of the market. From a customer standpoint, our government business was up 31% in March with sales to healthcare organizations more than doubling. Sales to warehouse operations more than tripled. These are smaller pieces of our business and as Dan indicated earlier, our first priority is to play our role in overcoming the societal and economic challenges presented by COVID-19. However, we also believe this has introduced Fastenals capabilities to new customers, which should benefit us well beyond this crisis. These are all very early reads, but the second quarter of 2020 some regional VPs see their region down 20% plus, while others see their region being closer to flat based on the influx of government business, but none can predict the ultimate length of this situation or the degree to which safety and government will offset weakness elsewhere. There's an extreme lack of visibility in the marketplace currently, but the feedback would seem to put sales in the second quarter of 2020 down 15% plus though it's worth noting that that is not the order of magnitude of decline that we have seen so far through April. Now to Slide 6, our gross margin was 46.6% in the first quarter of 2020, down 110 basis points versus the first quarter of 2019. We did see a wider decline in March, driven by two things. First, our cost of goods are heavily variable, but those fixed costs that we do have such as our truck fleet, manufacturing, procurement operation, delevered as daily growth slowed to flattish. Second, the impact of mix widened sharply from January to March based on the abrupt changes in our customer and product mix. This impact was mostly offset by SG&A leverage of a 100 basis points. An extra selling day was helpful and incentive comp is playing its usual shock absorber role as growth slows. As a result first quarter 2020 operating margin was 19.9% down 10 basis points year-over-year, with an incremental margin of 17%. It's difficult to pinpoint where gross margin may settle in the near term. However, fixed cost leverage would remain a factor if sales wind-up being as weak as many our VPs currently expect. Further, if growth gaps between safety and government relative to fasteners and higher margin, small customer sales continue to widen. It would similarly widen the impact of mix. Once market conditions revert back to pre-crisis levels, we would expect much of the current gross margin pressure to reverse. As it relates to operating costs, we do not have a formal headcount reduction initiative in place, but do expect natural attrition as the number of branches that are growing fall below 50% as occurred in March and our field leadership manages their costs. Lower signings expectations will also likely generate reduced need for new Onsite staffing in non-sales related roles. We also expect a natural decline in incentive compensation based on our variable pay programs, but have taken additional steps to reduce employee related costs by eliminating bonuses for all employees above a certain base earnings threshold. Certain discretionary costs such as sales and travel related selling as well as branch openings and closings will continue to be managed tightly by field leadership. Visibility is low even by our normal standard. The last time our sales were down 15% plus was 2009 then decremental operating margins ranged between 35% and 40% and that was seemed to be a reasonable benchmark if conditions prove to be similar. But ultimately what decremental margins and earnings look like in 2020 depends greatly on what your expectations for normalization of business activity and the volume and mix assumptions you make for the full year. Turning to Slide 7, operating cash flow of $241 million in the first quarter of 2020 was 119% of net income. The weakening environment, moderated networking capital needs in the period. Inventories were up 4% annually and down sequentially in the first quarter of 2020 and days on hand fell by more than three. Accounts receivable was up 5.2% with days outstanding being flat. Net capital spending in the first quarter of 2020 was $47 million down from $53 million in the first quarter of 2019, which was expected given reduced needs for new hub capacity after the investments made in 2019. In light of the uncertain market outlook, we have reduced our net capital spending range for 2020 to $155 million to $180 million down from $180 million to $205 million previously. We returned cash to shareholders in the quarter in the form of $144 million in dividends and $52 million in share buybacks. We foresee no change to our $0.25 per share dividend in 2020, but do not currently expect to purchase additional shares. Our purchase of Apex assets in the period also used $125 million in cash. From a liquidity standpoint, we finished the first quarter of 2020 with debt at 14.6% of total capital up versus the fourth quarter of 2019 on the Apex asset acquisition, but below the year ago level of 16.9%. At quarters-end we had an additional $344 million available on our existing credit lines with no reason after discussions that our lending partners to believe those funds would not be available for use. Another $465 million of capital is available under our Master Note Agreement. We also reviewed the sensitivity of our model for different sales, profitability and working capital scenarios and believe the cash our model will generate and our existing credit availability will be more than sufficient for our needs. That's all for our formal presentation. So with that operator, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from David Manthey from Baird. Your line is now live.
David Manthey: Hey guys, good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
David Manthey: So you noted that there's no official reduction in force mandate, but my question is related to FTE headcount. Back in 2008 your FTEs were about 12,000 and you dropped that by about 15% or 1,800 FTEs with nearly a 1,000 FTEs coming out in the first quarter of 2008 alone. You've got about 19,000 today, I'm just trying to gauge is 15% via attrition and reduction of part time hours? If needed, is that something that would be in the ballpark, 3,000 FTEs? And if so, I'm just trying to get a gauge on how quickly you could move on that. Is half of the ultimate reduction or maybe 1,500 FTEs reasonable as you flex down hire -- flex down your part time hours and freeze hiring.
Dan Florness: So I'll answer that in pieces. First off, the 2008, 2009 timeframe, if you recall, our business from October to January dropped about 18%, and then we dropped another 15% between January and April. I remember those numbers quite well, I didn't have to look those up and the economy froze up. We took steps to mechanically alter some of our bonus programs to conserve cash, but with one goal being we wanted to maintain as much employment as we could to maintain our talent pool and that's true also today. We took deeper steps because the prospect of this being longer in duration was greater. At this point Dave we just don't know. The message that I've given our team is, is with shelter in place orders, you see a bunch of customers, a bunch of businesses that are shut down, Holden touched on that in some of his information. You also see examples where our business is operating, and I believe the bias right now towards pieces of the economy turning back on is stronger today than it would've been a couple of weeks ago. And I've said to our team, we actually prepared for elements of the economy turning back on as we get into May. I don't know if that's going to happen, Dave, but elements of our economy turning back on, so I wouldn't see the drop-off being as acute as you saw back in 2009. We do have a hiring freeze in place. We have pulled back part time hours. We are letting attrition happen. I don't know what attrition will look like in this environment versus 2008, 2009, and Holden maybe you can chime in if you have any insight.
Holden Lewis: I mean, the only thing I might add to that, Dave, is we have to remember relative to 2009 too there are opportunities in this market. We touched on the opportunities to be more involved with safety and PPE and janitorial and sanitation products. I mean, demand for those is very strong. That was not the case in 2009. So, there opportunities for us, the market has not quite as turned off as I recall, 2009 being. Having spoken to a few of the EVPs about what they expect from a headcount standpoint, their expectation is that full time headcount will decline as the field manages their P&Ls. But I would tell you that they arent looking for declines at this stage in the order of magnitude that you were sort of alluding to. So, I think that you'll see in all of our regions some decline of full-time headcount. You'll certainly see a decline of part-time headcount and hours will go down. But right now with the opportunities that are present and with the uncertainties that are out there, it's not on an order of magnitude that you're referring to.
David Manthey: Okay, fair enough. And just a point of clarification. Is there anything different about the business today that if you needed to or if this was longer than expected that a 10% or 15% flex down just via the tools that we mentioned in FTEs specifically would be possible or is it different this time?
Dan Florness: I don't believe it's different Dave. Our headcount per branch, so if you go back to the 2008, 2009 timeframe, our average branch was doing somewhere in the $80,000 to $90,000 a month category. And now we're in that, I don't know what we did last month, probably in the $130,000, $140,000 category. So there's more employees per branch, which gives you some flexibility there. In distribution, the picking activity drives it. Our relative labor to pick is a little bit different than it was a decade ago, because there's more automation in our system. But I don't believe our business is different now that we couldn't flex it.
David Manthey: Great. All right. Thanks very much guys.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. The next question is coming from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Holden by the way of a [Audio Dip] I think yours is the last hand I shook back in early March when we were in London or the last time anybody got out.
Holden Lewis: I appreciate you not making me sick.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just couple of questions. I don't think I would have been to blame at that point. You were on another continent. I guess a couple of questions. First to appreciate and I know that the  last quarter you kind of broke the -- broke your track of talking about current quarter in it [Audio Dip] running down this far in April, would you mind kind of sharing where we're at this point?
Holden Lewis: Hey Josh. Josh, I'm not sure if we'll be able to answer your question because right now we're getting about every other word. I think you asked  I think in my, my prepared remarks, I referred to a sort of our monthly or April-to-date not being down on the order of magnitude of 15% plus. I think you're asking to give some color as to what that order of magnitude is. Is that right?
Josh Pokrzywinski: Correct.
Holden Lewis: We're probably running between 10% and 15% down right now. Now, the one thing to bear in mind is, the timing of months matters, right? I mean, given how much of our business is National Accounts and Onsites and vending and things like that, that does tend to create a little bit more movement towards the latter part of a month than the earlier part of the month. So there's still a lot that we don't know Josh, but based on where we are today in April, to this point we've been down probably between 10% and 15% as opposed to 15% plus.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I appreciate that.
Dan Florness: I'll add one element to that. And that is despite the fact that we weren't able to celebrate it in a way that was maybe normal for most of us, or at least for me. Last weekend was Easter weekend, which meant last Friday was Good Friday. So that does impact our business every year, the placement of Good Friday. But as of Saturday morning, when I looked at the numbers, we were down about 10.5%. That was, again, probably a little bit worse because of Good Friday, but that was looking at where we were month-to-date.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's really helpful color Dan. Then just one extra one, obviously, an impact from customer shutdowns, you called that out in Onsite, but if you had to think about the totality of customers, even just anecdotally from the regions, any sense for how much of the drag is just customers literally not having their doors open?
Dan Florness: I think the fact that, over 10% of our Onsites were closed at the end of March and is probably a good, a pretty good proxy from the standpoint of what we're seeing in the marketplace. And the only thing that could influence that would be our Onsites tend to be more manufacturing. Although there are Onsites that are construction there are Onsites that are education and the likes but I think that, that's probably a pretty good indicator and the fact that the first week of the month or the first week and a half of the month being down a little over 10% probably plays out intuitively that way, where we're seeing greater drop is in some of the industries that Holden touched on. Smaller pieces of our business, but they're down more. And then obviously the flip side of that is government and healthcare and first responders while a small piece of our business is up dramatically.
Holden Lewis: And I might add a little color to that only in the sense that, nine days before the month ended, we kind of expected our growth to be more in the 2.5% range. And so over eight days to go from 2.5% to flat would imply that were probably over the course of eight days lost $10 million to $11 million in revenues that we might have otherwise expected to have gotten several days previous. And that includes with the surge in safety and government things like that, which gives you a sense of sort of the manufacturing side of things, the construction side of things and the kind of a very short order of magnitude impact that we're having in those core markets.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's great color. Stay safe and sane guys. Appreciate it.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Chris Dankert from Longbow Research. Your line is now live.
Chris Dankert: Hey, morning guys. Let me state the question. I guess first off, could we kind of dig in on Apex a little bit, very exciting news, but I guess is this more about, locking in a strategic technology and capability and kind of keeping it out of competitor hands? Or is this more about vertically integrating or is it  where are the real opportunities in bringing Apex just kind of into the fold here?
Dan Florness: So first off we did have from a strategic standpoint, a good lack of the technology previously because our, when we expanded our relationship back in 2010 with this technology platform we did line up in exclusivity for the industrial MRO marketplace. So we did have a great spot there, which probably drove some of our competitors crazy over the last decade. But what it really did is, over time the technology platform became a deeper and deeper part of our business. And so today that vending platform represents roughly 20% of our revenue goes through that vending platform. And then we have another 10% of our revenue that goes to what we call our bin stock platform. So about 30% of our business goes through some type of distribution mechanism that goes right into the customer's facility and is a repetitive order cycle. And we see that piece over time expanding dramatically as we become more supply chain linked with our customer and would as a percentage of our business, I wouldn't be surprised to see that 30%, we have today more than double when we doubled in size and double as a percentage of our business. And so from that standpoint, the Apex transaction was very much about bringing the technology closer to us so that the technology development of the platform is more aligned with where we want to take it. Because our partner, great partner for the last 12 years they are as much interested about expanding outside of industrial distribution as they are within industrial distribution. And sometimes that means what's prioritized from a technology development doesn't always harmonize with what we're thinking. And so it provided us the ability to do that. It also provided us the ability to blur the lines a little bit between what is vending, what is bin stock, what is automated replenishment because it gave us more flexibility in what can go through the supply chain. It also gives us more flexibility in how we deploy assets. And so very much see it as making the technology part of our umbrella and having access to the supply chain ultimately will lower the cost for us over time of the platform.
Chris Dankert: Got it. That's really helpful. And optimizations sounds kind of like the way forward there. And I guess just a follow up from me here. Safety has been a really nice offset to the slower OEM demand in 1Q. But I guess my assumption is a lot of those products are now kind of on allocation safety, 20% of sales I guess is that, how much of that being on allocation is an impediment to sales growth as we move into kind of 2Q here. Any comments on product availability would be really helpful.
Dan Florness: We're not alone in that neighborhood and you see it every night on the news. Demand has surged, grown by multiples in a matter of weeks, days and weeks. And as I mentioned earlier in my comments, we put a bunch of effort in place back in February and March to expand our own supply chain, to broaden our access. We do have, which is unique for Fastenal somewhat of a backlog and they're not all going through safety, through the vending platform. A lot of it we're delivering pallets of product to customers because we are a source they can rely on. We're also a source that they know the quality of what they're getting, as given our history in fasteners one of our Achilles deal with vetting new suppliers is we are incredibly picky when it comes to who well do business with, not only from the standpoint of how they operate their business but their supply chain and the quality of their own product because we peer beyond them when we're understanding the vetting process and the quality of the product, it's not just testing the output, it's testing their supply chain too. And so the 20% is vending, our safety is just slightly below that, historically it's around 17%, historically. Obviously that's grown as a percentage here in the current environment. I suspect that will continue to hold at a higher clip as we go into second and third quarter because I personally believe there will be changes in our customers and in the marketplace on things like safety products and last weekend, I am picking up some groceries and everybody in that facility, well 80% of the people in that facility and I don't mean people working there, I mean people shopping were wearing masks and I think that's going to be a greater part of our world included in manufacturing settings.
Holden Lewis: I would probably add a couple of things as well. The timing of how COVID-19 has sort of rolled through the map if you will has been beneficial in the sense that as our U.S. suppliers perhaps had their production diverted to very specific needs and start putting on allocations, the Chinese suppliers were beginning to open up. And I think this is really the value in having 200 some odd professionals on the ground, over in Asia, communicating with product professionals, domestically and that they really are able to go out and find alternative uses or alternative sources of product and make sure that that product is of a sufficient quality and is going to deliver or achieve the needs of the customer. And so I think that we've done a really good job being able to find alternative sources of product as we've gone on. And I think we're built to be able to do that. So I think that the timing of things has certainly been advantageous as well. And again, I think these are the folks in product and international procurement all that deserve a lot of credit for continuing to keep our supply chain of PPE product pretty filled. And as Dan indicated, right now we still have product that we're going to be working through delivering throughout most of April at this point.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks so much the color guys. Stay safe and best of luck out there.
Dan Florness: Thanks.
Holden Lewis: Thanks Chris.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So I wanted to dig in. I want to dig in on April a little bit more. I'm surprised that it's only down 10% to 15% so far. So, it sounds like the safety is buffering and that's going to continue. But what about the OEM fastener business? And what about the non-res business. I just would've thought with factories shut down and job sites potentially closed, that there might be bigger impacts there. What sort of growth declines are you seeing right now in that part of business.
Dan Florness: Yes, I'm not sure that I have a great answer for you from a granular standpoint. We just don't necessarily collect that level on a day-to-day basis. But I think what you're describing has been playing out. I think that you're seeing weakness in the manufacturing side. I had one of our  our leaders in the construction side shared with me yesterday, sort of an e-mail from some of our suppliers about what they're seeing in the marketplace in terms of construction. There's just a lot of states, cities that have shut off construction in many respects. And so Ryan, the environment that you're describing absolutely exists and it's being mitigated to some extent by the need for the PPE products and our government and things of that nature. So, I'm not sure in April exactly what the OEM versus the MRO versus the non or versus the construction fasteners are doing. We don't have that on a day-to-day basis, but I think that the environment you're describing is the environment that exists today. It's just unlike 2009 there are some areas where there's a great need and we're built to be able to define the product to meet that need. And I think that's what you're seeing as an offsetting factor.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, fair enough. Makes sense and then switching to gross margin, I guess a two part question, how much lower are the safety margins to government customers versus the company average? And then hold, and I know you don't want to be in the gross margin guidance game, but any help on the magnitude of gross margin declines in the second quarter would be helpful or maybe just quantify or coming at it a different way. Maybe just quantify the expected mix headwind relative to the typical 30 basis points to 40 basis points in normal times.
Holden Lewis: I would normally tell you that I don't want to be in the gross margin prediction game. I'll tell you, I can't be in the margin or gross margin prediction game right now. It just, it's really going to depend and I don't know what the second half of April is going to look like versus the first half in terms of where the demand comes from. Right? We've had conversations internally about this is a situation where the world doesn't have enough PPE. Right? But it's also one of those situations where you can see getting to a point at some point where frankly there's too much of it. I don't know if that's April, if that's May, if that's fourth quarter. It's just, it's really hard to answer Ryan. So I don't think I'm going to go down that path. The only perspective I think I can give you is if I look at mix through the course of Q1, in January mix was probably about a 65 basis point drag to the business. And if I look at March, it was closer to 90 basis point drag to the business. And it wasn't necessarily because the customer mix had changed so much. It was because the product mix had changed as dramatically as it had. And what does that mean going into Q2, I honestly don't know where that's going to settle out. I think it's an impossible question at this stage for us to answer, but you could clearly see in a very short window what was impacting mix and we're going to see how that plays out over April and second quarter, just like you are. But I wish I could give you more detail, but we just don't have a lot of ways to understand that right now.
Dan Florness: I'll add just one tidbit to that. First off one thing that we is early on in the process, we put in some pretty strict pricing guidelines for our field from the standpoint of there's times where you look at your obligations to society and your obligations to your customer. And - we're probably leaving, there's probably examples where we're leaving some margin on the table because we're more interested in getting through this and getting society through it and getting back to whatever the new normal is. The fact that we closed our front door, not only did that cost us some sales growth, a few percentage points I would guess it also cost us some mix elements to our business. And the real question is for everybody looking at Fastenal or at the market in general. When do you believe elements of regrouping of the economy step into place as long as restaurants and theme parks and things like that are closed, that will hurt a piece of our business and that that small customer in the case of the restaurant is probably a higher margin element and so even that mix comes into play when we look at our MRO fasteners.
Holden Lewis: And I would say  I would say as well that when you're procuring more products from sources that aren't usually part of your supply chain as we do when we go get fill-in buys to solve customers needs at this point in time that tends to come in at a lower margin as well. So, it's not just mix. There are some unusual circumstances that are playing out in the marketplace today that frankly, when this whole thing begins to normalize and stabilize, we expect that most of those sort of near term drags would unwind. So it's a relevant question to 2Q, Ryan. I don't have a great answer for you at this point, but I do believe that the issues that we're seeing are not permanent issues. I think that they exist as long as this situation with COVID-19 exists. And once that goes away and our mix begins to revert back to normal and our supply chain reverts back to normal that then we'll have a more normal pattern reasserting itself on gross margin as well. I don't think there is a long-term issue here.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect, understood. Thanks. I'll pass it up.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research. Your line is now live.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning. Hope the entire team is healthy. I wanted to continue the discussion on gross margin if we could. Could you tell us what price realization was this quarter? And then, Holden, price cost I guess was expected to moderate or level out. Are we seeing that in the numbers today?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I would say, the price level that we experienced in Q1 was comparable to what we experienced in Q4. And I would say that, in terms of characterizing price cost, I would still characterize that as not a meaningful factor our gross margin in the period.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. And then I guess could you expand your thoughts a little bit on what the team is doing from a selling standpoint right now? It's got to be a big change of working from home and trying to do remote selling processes rather than in person. Maybe walk through how vending fulfillment is occurring when customers are restricting access to their facilities? Are there creative sales steps that that folks are taking just how the organization is working right now? Thanks.
Dan Florness: First off, if you think of our organization in buckets of population, the bulk of our employees work in a branch or onsite. And those folks are going to work every day unless you're in one of those onsites that are closed, then you're probably going to  you might be working at home or you might be working in another facility and doing certain aspects of the business remotely. But most of our folks are going to the customer. I know there are examples of vending machines we're not filling, but I would say it's a relatively small piece of the equation. I have received over  through either our web feedback or through comments whether it's on LinkedIn or other places, pictures of our employees have taken by customers where they're cleaning the vending machine as they're filling the vending machine, now very positively received, I think by our customers. I do believe our customers appreciate the fact that we close the front door to our branches because that way the amount of interaction we have is dramatically reduced from the variety of people. So I feel safer having a Fastenal rep coming to my business, knowing there's not a whole bunch of people walking into our location. And so, we are still fulfilling vending as we have in the past. One element of that fulfillment is slowly changing. That is we've talked in the past about changes to our fulfillment model for vending and the creation what we call LIFT, our local inventory fulfillment terminal. I believe we had two at late last year. I believe right now we're up to seven. So we continue to invest in that. Were expanding that element. And that's really about how we pick and how we fill the machines and you can fill with a team that can go into a  has more concentrated inventory and can go into a more customer locations with product that's already picked down to the individual machines.
Holden Lewis: But we're certainly getting asked to make accommodations by our customers. There are some customers who are not comfortable, signing packing slips and maybe were dropping off and they're picking up and they're filling their machines where we might have done it before, but  so obviously we accommodate what our customers want from us in this, but we're still providing those services.
Adam Uhlman: Thanks guys.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning, Dan. Good morning, Holden. How are you?
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good. Fine, thanks.
Sam Darkatsh: So, obviously, with respect to the lack of visibility in terms of onsite signings and openings this year, I'm guessing April will be the low watermark for that. Holden any sense of what you're tracking in terms of onsite signings and openings near-term?
Holden Lewis: Not a great sense of it to be honest with you, Sam. The  yes, I don't know, Dan, if you've had a more recent conversation on the matter, but
Dan Florness: I haven't. Like I say, I was pleasantly surprised by the level of signings we had in March, because I thought they would have dropped more meaningfully than they did. And that's a testament to the pipeline we already had in place. One side of me says organizations are maybe slower to make decisions. They're going to be looking at how they're operating. Another side of me says we've had the ability in this environment to really demonstrate what our supply chain resources can do. And I've heard more than one example of our sales team talking about comments from customers of I get what your supply chain resources are about more than ever from what I've seen firsthand over the last three weeks. So I don't know if ultimately that helps us sign more. And I talked about that more in the context of onsite versus vending because vending is a different animal and that it's a transactional element. The piece of vending that I'm not sure if it expands or how it expands or how it changes is the idea of where we're delivering to a vending machine, sales that are outside the vending machine. And what I mean by that, historically, the dollars going through the vending machine are products that we put in there that are repetitive. We have seen a meaningful increase. And again, it's on a small basis, but a meaningful increase in where we have a locker at a customer and a few  a door or two are now dedicated to deliveries. And we're seeing more examples of it coming from a relatively small subset of branches and onsites, but we saw that that grow dramatically from February to March. Again, I'm going to qualify it by saying it's on a very small base. And but I would expect over time that might expand as it creates distance and delivery. And with our recent transaction with Apex, our ability to do it is stronger today than it was in the past.
Sam Darkatsh: And I just wanted to ask a follow up question on the prior inquiry, which is I just want to make it pretty clear you're not really seeing any increasing instances of your onsite or legacy branch sales people not actually being allowed on customer premises because they're viewed as non-employees. I guess that's the real question a lot of folks have is as if we do see some sort of a seasonal or intermittent restrictions on non-employees site visits, how does that affect the business model? But it would be obviously good if you're not seeing that across the board or even any instances of it.
Dan Florness: I mean, I'm sure we're seeing examples of it, but what probably happens there is we make arrangements with that customer where they still need the product and will the product probably gets delivered at their dock as opposed to delivered inside their facility. There are  we're following the protocols of the customer. We have  in addition to procuring safety products for our customers, we have lined up and we now have  and so we have safety products for our employees. And so many customers now for our employee to come into their facility, there are requirements for mass and things like that and you'll see more of that I suspect in the future. And  but absolutely we're seeing examples of reduced access. I would say other partners are probably being impacted more from it than us just because of the intimate relationship of our stocking right to production lines of stocking into vending devices. But by all means, a customer could do that with their own facility  with their own personnel and we will work with them to build some of the tools to do it.
Sam Darkatsh: Thank you both and both stay well.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thanks, Sam. You too.
Dan Florness: I think
Operator: Thanks. Your next question today  I do apologize. Go ahead.
Dan Florness: Well, go ahead. We have two minutes left.
Operator: No, no, it's about four minutes until this just  quite possibly could be our final question for top of the hour from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Hope you're safe and healthy. Just a question on e-commerce, do you expect that to be a bigger piece of your business model coming out of COVID-19? I know with the fastener mix captive fleet branch network, e-commerce historically has not been a big part of the business model. Do you see that changing at all?
Dan Florness: You're right, historically, but in recent  in the last few years, it's really been growing fairly rapidly as we continue to really present to our customers what the possibilities and options are on our e-commerce platform. And so, we do expect that to continue to be the case. Now, we're always going to be a business that wants to be local, wants to be directly engaged with the customer. And so, e-commerce plays a supplemental role to that. But there are customers that want to use e-commerce for certain of their purchasing needs. And that's our  our improvement of that platform over the last three years is a big  and really being able to sort of show that that value to the customer is a big reason why it's growing the way it is. I will say that at least to this point, I don't know  in the Q1 data, I don't know that we see anything they're suggesting that COVID has caused more of our customers to opt to go online versus dealing with us in the way they traditionally do. That isn't evident in the first quarter numbers to me. Is that something that emerges in the second quarter or is this something that emerges sort of longer-term? I don't really know, Hamzah, but I do know that we've had a great growth trajectory in terms of adoption of our e-commerce capabilities among all of our customers, but certainly our larger national account customers as well and we do expect that to continue.
Hamzah Mazari: All right, great.
Holden Lewis: I'll just add to that Hamzah. If you think of what we talked earlier about vending growth over time and bin stock growth over time, in my way of thinking, these are all e-commerce. So if I take vending and add bin stock and add discrete e-commerce, it's a 35% of our business today. And over time I see that being 60%, 70% and 80% of our business simply because it's a more efficient means to procure. And our objective is to be  is to create value for the customer that they know it's a reliable supply chain that I can trust the quality of the product, I can trust the reliability of the supply chain and it's cost effective. And I believe we're positioned really well for that. So, yes, I expect that to grow faster. I don't know if COVID-19 accelerates that or not, but that's a long-term trend.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thanks so much. I'll take the rest offline. Thank you very much.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Hamzah.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Dan Florness: Thank you to everybody for participating in our call today. I hope you found it useful in an unusual time and we look forward to some normalcy returning to our lives. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to Fastenal 2019 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to your host Ellen Stolts, Assistant Controller. Ellen, you may now begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2019 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our annual and quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions-and-answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2020 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everybody for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. Last -- will be filing our annual report here in the early part of first half of February. And so last weekend, I was drafting the letter to shareholders and employees for inclusion in that annual report. And one of the observations contained in that letter is a comparison of 2019 and 2015. Because when I was -- when I'm writing that letter, I typically will go back and reread a few letters. And one reason to do that is so you're not too repetitive. Another reason to do that to see what observations jumped out the time.  Back in 2015, we started out the year with PMI Index 52.6% that's the average of the first three months of the year as we disclose back then, not sure if there's been adjustments to the PMI since then. We ended the year just shy of 49, I believe it was 48.6. And in 2019, we started a year a little bit higher at 55.4 in the first quarter, in Q4, we were at 47.9. So, and we've been sub 50 since August. If I look at it using an internal benchmark or an internal yardstick, I -- I looked at our top 100 customers and this group represents about 25% of our revenue historically.  In the first quarter of 2015, about 72% of those 100 customers were growing. By the fourth quarter, that number was 49%. And, given our size or relationship with each of these customers, the change in trends in a window like that is usually more about their underlying business than Fast now gaining or losing market share with that customer. If I look at that same statistic in 2019, we started the year at 81%, we finished the year at 57. Again, looking at the percentage of our top 100 customers that are growing with us. And I think that's a great barometer on the marketplace.  If I -- yesterday in our board meeting, one of our directors asked, hey, if you're looking at Q4 and the question was about Q4, my comments your second goal was on 2019 in general, what would you give for a grade on the quarter? And without giving -- giving as the second thoughts, I looked at him, I said, you know what, I'll give it a B. And the biggest reason for the B is we did not leverage our earnings. In other words, our operating income growth was less than our sales growth. And I just can't give an A to that performance. So, I graded it a B.  However, if I look at our team, leaders throughout Fastenal and the execution of the team throughout the organization, I think given the subdued activity, as indicated externally in the PMN -- PMI index, as well as internally in our top 40 or top 100. I believe the -- I believe the blue team executed well in the fourth quarter. December as you all know from reading our release, December was a tough month, we grew 1%. The midweek holiday over Christmas was not our friend. The January and -- the doing this been passed on for 24 years. And that means I have done just shy of 100 earnings calls.  And there's one thing we don't do and we don't talk about current month in the current month. I'm going to break that rule. January started with a midweek holiday that Thursday and Friday the second, third was not our friend and we really haven't recovered from that. And I expect at this point, January will feel a lot like December. I don't know, if that means it will be 1%, but I think, it's going to feel like December did. Our sales team is adamantly opposed to that, they see reasons why will do better and time will tell. I genuinely hope they prove my expectation wrong at this juncture in a month, but I'm just sharing that.  This has absolutely no bearing on my thoughts for February or for 2020 in general. Time will tell what the economy is going to provide for us and what headwinds are created or tailwinds are created. But December ended with a midweek holiday and January started with one. So I want to make that observation.  Flip it over to Holden's flipbook. The -- I've touched on that second bullet, we really talk about December weakness and in the impact of the holiday timing. Despite everything that's going on in my comment about my beliefs and the blue team and it's being impressed by their executing ability. We leveraged our operating costs in the fourth quarter.  We continue to focus on controlling our costs, not as a means just for the expense, but to put us in a position where we can continue to invest in our growth drivers. Because we still have incredible opportunities for growth. We have a relatively small market share, and I truly believe, we have a better supply chain model for our customers.  As we talked about last quarter, the moderation and challenges of inflation and tariffs -- and tariffs and our ability to manage through it, has stabilized the price cost, holding violated rule last quarter and that he talked about his expectations for gross profit. I suspect he won't do that again. But what time will tell, but one observation I'd have for everybody listen to this call. Don't get caught up in the minutiae.  The real issue in Q4, our sales fell off a bit more than we expected, and we have an incredibly large fixed cost trucking fleet that operates. And whether we're bringing one pallet, or three fourths of a pallet product to a branch, we're running a truck it still a stop. And that delivered more in the fourth quarter than we expected.  So to add a little to the -- to that pain, our freight revenue also weakened. That's a short-term execution issue. If I were to attribute to anything, I think there's a bit of fatigue in the organization from all the tariffs and pricing and inflation energy that we had -- have expelled in the in the summer and fall months. And I think it showed up in our fourth quarter. That's an execution issue on Fastenal and that's on me. But don't get caught up in the minutiae of a gross profit a 0.1% or 20 basis points. It's deleveraging of a freight network. And that happens always in the fourth quarter, this year was a little bit more huge. Flipping to the Page 4 of Holdens flipbook, Onsites, we signed 362 for the year. Our stated goal was 375 to 400 came in just shy of that. We ended the year with 1,114 active sites, about a 25% increase from end of last year. Sales growth with this group and this is excluding transferred sales. So this is looking at peer growth. So if we have a $30,000 customer that pulls all the branch and we go Onsite, it's looking at dollars above $30, was up in the low double-digits. As you can appreciate, in our more mature Onsites, we did see some degradation and that's a sign of the economy. Going into 2020, our goal remains 370 to 400, we're really excited about this growth driver in our business.  Total end market locations were 3,228 verses 3,121 at the end of last year. We closed or converted 36 locations, traditional branches. We also closed 26 Onsites in the fourth quarter. Now that probably raises a few questions in many of your eyes. Here's a couple things to always keep in mind about Fastenal. Some organizations prefer only showing pretty pictures. Some organizations only prefer talking about good things.  We talk about the real, we talk about the things that that -- the change. We address today's issues today. One of the -- one of the things the team at Fastenal has learned to live with over the last five years is every year I share with them what I consider my top 10 suggestions on life.  Things that I learned from, from friends and family as a kid and that includes, where I grew up, family was also your neighbors. It includes teachers and coaches I was blessed to have in my life. It also includes the people you associate with in your adulthood. It starts with your spouse, extends your kids, but it also extends to friends and associates you come across.  Number five on that top 10 list is make great decisions. Share the reason why and start today. If we have an Onsite location where that customers business has downsized, maybe they closed that facility. Maybe the economics don't work, and we decide to take that relationship and move it back into the branch. That's not a sign of failure. That's a sign of wisdom. That's a sign of saying, how are we allocating our resources and what's the best resource allocation for our customer, for our next customer, for our people and for our business.  And I consider those decisions to close an onsite that doesn't meet the requirements, to be a good decision provided we don't think it's going to recover in a reasonable timeframe. Exiting an Onsite doesn't mean you don't come back. Doesn't mean you lost customer relationship. It just means the economics for being Onsite, aren't holding true right now, you take a step back. I think that's a great decision. And we will make those decisions every day.  From a vending perspective, we signed 5,144 devices in the fourth quarter, essentially -- in line with our in 21,857 for the year essentially in line with our goal with 22,000 devices. Our installed base ended up at 89,937 an increase of about 11% from last year and our product sales through those devices were up in a little double-digits.  In the order of avoiding confusion, earlier in the year, we celebrated vending machine number 100,000. This 89,937 includes machines that are principally producing product sales. We have another 15,000 devices out there that are leased out to customers for check in, check out purposes just to clarify that.  Finally, e-commerce, our sales grew at 25% Q4 to Q4. For the full year, we were up 32% and this includes a 35% increase with our national account customers. The way we think about e-commerce, it's about making our business a little bit more efficient every day. Because, as our supply chain partnership with our customer grows, most of our business activity is coming from vending from been stocks.  Where the customer really gives an order in the product and we keep stepping deeper and deeper into the business. Today those two pieces are about 30% of our revenue. I believe in the future, that number will more than double as a percentage of our business as become more in trench their and customers business. This is really a reflection of stuff that customers order outside of that supply chain window, the non-recurring stuff.  With that, I'm going to turn it over Holden. 
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, let's just jump right into Slide number 5. Total sales were up 3.7% in the fourth quarter, which included a particularly poor December growth of just 1%. December was affected by holiday timing and extended customer shutdowns. But even setting these aside, business activity was generally soft throughout the quarter. This was reflected as well in the macro statistics with the leading U.S. Purchasing Managers Index averaging a contractionary 47.9% in the fourth quarter and printing a 47.2% in December. U.S. industrial production swung to a decline of 1.1% in October, November.  Manufacturing was up 5.1%, heavy equipment lagged at 1.4% growth with weakness as well in oil and gas, metals and transportation. Construction was up 3.1% in the fourth quarter consistent with the third quarter. Our larger construction customers again outgrew smaller ones.  So we have seen a moderation in the rate of contraction in those smaller customers. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we sustained the pricing that was implemented and realized in the third quarter of 2019, as a means of offsetting general inflation and tariffs. However, things could change, but as we enter 2020, weaker end market demand and a more encouraging tone around trade policy has reduced inflationary pressure.  From a product standpoint, non-fasteners continues to lead but did decelerate with 5.1% growth in the third quarter, while our more cyclical fastener line was up 1.8%. From a customer standpoint, national accounts were up 8.2% in the quarter with 57 of our top 100 accounts growing. Non-national accounts sales actually contract in the period with just 54% of our branches growing in the fourth quarter.  November and December can be difficult months from which to draw conclusions about the future and that is certainly the case this year. However, business conditions clearly remain sluggish and the feedback from our regional leadership remains cautious on the early part of 2020. That remains our intention to take advantage of this environment to continue to invest in our growth drivers even as others pull back.  Now to Slide 6, our gross margin was 46.9% in the fourth quarter, down 80 basis points versus last year. This annual decline was primarily a function of product and customer mix. The 30 basis points declined sequentially was in line with normal seasonality. So we were a bit shy of our expectations that gross margin would be at least 47%. This was primarily attributable to freight as Dan commented on.  While the cost of maintaining our captive truck fleet is fairly stable quarter-to-quarter, our ability to charge for freight to partly offset those costs can vary depending on market conditions. In the fourth quarter of 2019, our freight sales declined 7.5% which resulted in less absorption of our fleet costs and anticipated. With our pricing sticking from the third to the fourth quarter and was weakening demand causing inflationary pressures to moderate, price cost was not a meaningful variable one way the other affecting gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2019.  Our operating margin was 18.7% in the fourth quarter, down 30 basis points year-over-year. We believe the blue team did a good job controlling expenses as SG&A as a percent of sales of 28.2% was better by 60 basis points and a record low for a fourth quarter. However, as we have commented before, given our intention to continue to invest in growth drivers, even as conditions slow, it will be difficult to defend the operating margin when growth eases into the low single-digits.  Our inability to leverage occupancy costs in the fourth quarter of 2019 a perfect example of this, with current growth not being sufficient to produce leverage over the vending investments to drive our market share gains. Looking at the other pieces of SG&A, we achieve 20 basis points to 30 basis points of leverage over employee related costs which were up 2.4%. This was largely due to reduced FTE growth of 1.4% combined with lower performance based compensation in the period. In the current environment, we would expect further low single-digit growth going forward.  We realized 30 basis points to 40 basis points of leverage over general corporate costs with lower bad debt expense and the absence of certain legal and structural expenses incurred in the fourth quarter of 2018, offsetting a higher IT spending in the fourth quarter of 2019. Putting it all together, we reported third quarter 2019 EPS of $0.31, up 5.4% from $0.29 in the fourth quarter of 2018. Turning to Slide 7, looking at cash flow, we generated $252 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter or 141% of net income. Higher earnings combined with lower working capital needs to produce the cash flow. Full-year cash conversion was 107%. Net capital spending in 2019 was $240 million, exceeding our targeted range of $195 million to $225 million. The sources of higher capital spending in 2019 vending trucks and hub capacity were planned. The overshoot related to our addressing a number of facilities in 2019, as it means of managing a sharp increase in our volumes over the past three years, and a couple of those facilities simply costing more to complete than we anticipated. In light of weak or macro conditions, we expect net capital spending of $180 million to $205 million in 2020. We paid nearly $500 million in dividends in 2019 and increased our dividends for the first quarter of 2020 by 13.6%. We've finished the quarter with debt at 11.5% of total capital, below last year's 17.8%.  Inventories were up 6.9% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Nearly three quarters of this growth related to inventory to support Onsites. Hub inventory growth slowed sharply a function of both deliberate efforts to reduce inventory as well as weaker demand, while field inventories were slightly down. Setting aside the impact of demand, we believe there remains further opportunity to improve our inventory days in 2020. Accounts receivable grew 3.9% in the fourth quarter of 2019, the slowest rate of increase in more than three years, which largely reflects slowing demand. Mix in customer behavior will likely continue to influence AR days in 2020 with our expectations being flat to slightly higher days. We believe these factors will continue to produce good operating and free cash flow in 2020. That's all for our formal presentation. So with that operator, we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So first off, in terms of price capture, you said it was consistent with last quarter. So I just want to confirm, does this mean pricing was up 90 basis points to 120 basis points? And then sort of a related question, I recall that you thought you'd get some incremental price into fourth quarter, did this not materialize? And why was that? That's the case.
Holden Lewis: Yeah. So, what I -- 
Holden Lewis: What I would say is if -- the impact of price in the fourth quarter was probably the neighborhood of 70 basis points to 100 basis points, which would have backed off a little bit from where Q3 was. But again, much as we saw much of the year, that reflected having to grow above some increases from last year. If I look at the overall price level in our business and fourth quarter, it was slightly up from where we were in the third quarter. So, we look at the overall pricing activity from Q3. And then for the most part I would characterize Q4 is living up with our expectations as it relates to the price side.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. So the bottom line is I was maybe picking up there was maybe a little price pressure starting to materialize, but that doesn't seem to be the case just yet?
Holden Lewis: We aren't seeing price pressure materialized. Now, what we're commenting on has more to do with inflation. Remember, what we've said is as we've had two things affecting us over the past 12 months. One was the generalized inflation, the second was the tariffs. And frankly, the generalized inflation was a much more significant impact on us than the tariffs were. What we are seeing is with some of the activity around tariffs of late and was the overall sort of slower demand level. Some of those inflationary pressures that have been a part of our business for the past 12 to 18 months have begun to moderate. But that shouldn't be ready to suggest that we haven't maintained our pricing that we achieved in Q3 because we have.
Daniel Florness: With that a slight color to that. When I -- first off, there's always price pressure. That's a constant life and it's, its intense now. If I -- but I make that comment again any quarter. The one element that does exist in the fourth quarter, that does exist in the first quarter is keeping the facts straight in the confusion at a minimum. And what I mean by that is we've talked in prior calls and we've talked internally continuously about the tariff and anti-dumping duties that are out in the marketplace, you have a 232 anti-dumping as relates to steel and aluminum that was put in place. And then you have the 301 tariffs.  So the 301 tariffs and, and I get an update on this every two weeks and even that's not enough in many ways, because there's so many pieces that are flying around. I suspect if I'm in a branch in Fastenal, I'm going to have customer talking to me in December and saying, please the tariffs were just eliminated.  Now the List 4 B that never went into effect that was had been postponed was cancelled on December 13. But that number went into effect and that was largely consumer goods, so that the impact of that is less than our world. Then the next comment might be we'll list, I thought I went from 15 to 7.5 well, it was just announced that List 4 A is going from 15 to 7.5 and it's taking through that piece. For us of the bigger one was frankly List 3, nothing's changed in list 3.  So our biggest challenge internally is to make sure that an individual in a branch, a branch manager, a district manager, a regional leader, a national accounts person is familiar with these pieces as what I just laid out. Because when you're familiar with the facts, you can have a discussion. If you're not, it's very difficult to have a discussion about it.  So that price, that pressures there primarily because of all the noise and confusion that can come into the marketplace. And a lot of the misinformation that can float around, but the fact is 4 B never went into effect. 4 A it was just announced that it's dropping and -- but List 3 is where the -- where the dollars are, at least for our marketplace. List 1 and List 2 were less meaningful.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. That's helpful color. Yes, I think we're all sort of interested to see how that materializes if tariffs are removed, what happens with pricing such, but guess TBD on that. And then on the Onsite, you mentioned the closings and you mentioned the economics. I'm curious, is the reason for the worst economics do this only economy? Or is this more of the local team didn't assess the opportunity correctly? And this is something you can face?
Daniel Florness: I think it's typically economic. I'm sure there's examples of ones that, that we, that we decided either to, to pull it back, because it dematerialized is what we thought. Keep in mind, I know -- and I've used this example before, I remember travelling with the district manager several years ago and he had an Onsite that when -- when we were driving to the Onsite, he said, yes, and this individual knows as much about Onsite as anybody in our company.  He's based in Wisconsin, and he said, I'm thinking of this one, and I'm not really sure about if it's a good idea or bad idea, but here's why I did it. He talked about going Onsite, he talked about what the relationship was and he talked about where he thought he can get it to and he thought he can get it to 75,000 a month, which is a small Onsite for us.  But we've had a real frank discussion with the customer that, I'm only going to be able to staff at this many days a week, but again the freedom to move to branch a little bit further north and -- it was a better location for the branch. There he was looking at it and saying, if it doesn't work out, I pulled that back into the branch. As it turned out, he got it to 75 and a couple months later, he sent me a message and said, hey, we picked up some OEM parts, and we were to get it over 100.  That change occurred because the customer loved what we're doing. And they figured out ways to buy more from us. That doesn't always happen. And so sometimes, you might have one where you're going in on an Onsite and you think you can get it to X and you find out that you can only get halfway there that's 30 that's 80 but you can't get 130 and you pull it back. I don't consider them failure. We took a $30,000 relationship with the AD we're having a frank discussion with the customer. It's easier for us to service that from the branch. I consider that we're engaging with that customer and it's a win. And that's one of the 26, I'm fine with that.
Holden Lewis: I'll add a little color to that as well. I think, looking at the causes of the closures this quarter, there were really no differences versus the ones that we covered with you last quarter, right? So, it's all sort of the same reasons. And we have to remember that in those, as Dan alluded to, some of those are simply taking business that we had it Onsite and moving it to a branch. So, I -- we didn't see anything different in sort of the character of those closures.  And I think you have to think about the larger installed base. Once you get to a certain level, you do review that base for underperformers. And again, as Dan was saying, I think that's a healthy transition. But I think you should also think a little bit about the culture of the business. I mean, if you think back to vending, I think we started that initiative in 2009 that really began to get legs in 2011.  And in 2016, we sort of went through and we looked at all the machines we put in and said, should this machine really be here, right? And that year, we had a higher than normal sort of removal rate than we had seen in previous years as we sort of evaluated the installed base.  And, we're in fifth year of this Onsite push. And, I think that our culture in some respects is to sort of find these growth drivers, run fast, grab ground, and clean up a little bit later. And at the end of the day, what you're seeing right now is we built a good installed base, we're evaluating what we have, the churns gone up a little bit, it's down from Q3, and frankly, I think we're expecting a lower rate of churn in 2020.  We'll see how that plays out, but in the end, what you wind up getting much as he did was vending is a great business where we're ahead of the field in terms of being able to implement it, and it contributes to gaining market share. And we're looking at this very much the same way.  The other thing to your point about opportunity, this past quarter, the Onsite team actually sampled 400 locations. I'm not sure which 400 those are, but they wanted to sort of get to the same question that you're asking. And, these were decently sized 400 Onsites in terms of the average, but they found that in the products that we currently deal in there's still more than two times the revenue potential than then we already have in those Onsited. And again, these are smaller Onsites.  So, the potential, -- we don't see any diminishment in the potential for this business. And I think what you're seeing us transition to -- I would say is historically consistent with how we execute our growth drivers and leading just to have a great business.
Ryan Merkel: It makes sense. Thanks. Pass it on.
Holden Lewis: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your questions. 
Robert Barry : Hey guys. Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning. 
Robert Barry : Could you say or could you how much the freight was a headwind to gross margin?
Holden Lewis: It probably impacted us by 10 basis points to 20 basis points relative to the expectations. 
Robert Barry : And you think it now that just goes away or that persist as long as the sales growth is low-single digits?
Holden Lewis: Well, I think as long as sales growth is low-single digits there's going to continue be some pressure there, for sure. And that's not new and that's not necessarily unexpected. I think, Dan, also talked about, we just have some focus to bring to that, right? We spent a lot of effort in the last 12 months on pricing discipline on the product side of our business. And the degree to which you've seen us not really have to talk about price cost is a direct result of the success of that, right?  We've been able to mitigate some of those inflationary pressures. We need to bring some of that discipline to the freight side of as well. And that's going to be a focus and a goal for 2020. And the degree to which it is or is not a drag will depends on our level of success. But again, we always have to put this into perspective. We're talking about 10 basis points to 20 basis points.  We want those 10 basis points to 20 basis points, right? But, we're not talking about 100 basis points of riskier 150 basis points. And then we're also talking about something which is related to an asset, that being our capital fleet, which is a huge competitive advantage for us. So there's thing that we have to do better. It's -- focusing on that will be something we do in 2020. We do have to address the market that doesn't make it easier, but there are some things that we can do from a self-help standpoint. And that's probably how I characterize the situation free. 
Daniel Florness: Yeah. Rob the only element I'd add to that is. Part of it is, is about year-over-year growth, a part of its about sequential. So if you think about where we were in October to November, December that delver that's occurs, because you have this infrastructure to support that and it falls off. History has shown where January is relative to October. And depending on with the start of January will be in that normal landscape will still come into play.  But once you emerged from that slowdown that you get around the holidays, and you get further away from that and the dollar's climb back. Then that delivered occurs from our distribution, our trucking freight, the trucking fleet, that dissipates. Because we not only want that 10 basis points to 20 basis points back, message to our team is, here's when we expect to get it back. 
Holden Lewis: And then to Dan's point, don't forget seasonality as well, right. Again, the crux of the issue is that you have relatively stable costs in your fleet. And seasonality, as you get into Q2 and Q3, you get a seasonal uptick as well on just naturally. So Dan's right. Part of this reflects simply the seasonal nature exacerbated by the cyclicality. So that is an element of it. But, we're going to work on executing it better as well. 
Robert Barry: Got it, I guess bigger picture, where do you see price costs going from here? It sounds like if the non-tariffs inflation was actually the bigger piece and we're seeing commodity deflation. I don't know, how do you think about the puts-and-takes because I think you said the tariffs inflation will peak in 2Q. But if you're seeing some meaningful commodity deflation like steel, I mean, could you see price costs I don't know even to be modestly positive? Do you see any line of sight to that or how should we think about it track? 
Holden Lewis: Rob, I'll make a deal with you. If you can tell me what tariffs are going to do in the next six months, I'll tell you what I think our reactions going to be. I've had numerous times over the last year where I have a discussion on Friday. And by Monday, what we just talked about a completely changed in the discussion became irrelevant. So I'm going to respectfully declined answer that. Only because I don't know sometimes from week to week and month a month, what's going to happen with tariffs.  The economy, I can look at trends and look at prior years in Fastenal and I can least give up an informed thoughts. On tariffs, we really can't. All I know is we focus every day on shedding the best light we can for our customers, and building the best supply chain for our customers. And we're appropriate moving sources of supply. And that we've done quite aggressively in the last 10 to 15 months. 
Daniel Florness: And the only thing that I would probably add to that is, over the past six to nine months, the pricing teams the way they've been sort of structured, the work they've done to sort of surface, a lot of our challenges, the tools that they've deployed to allow us to react to events. We're in a far better position today than we were a year ago to manage whatever happens, right.  So, to the extent that tariffs go up or go down, we'll be able to adjust to that in the way that we promised our customers that we would. And that would be within eye towards maintaining that price cost dynamic. Inflation, deflation again -- we'll have to see how that plays out. But I think that it really is, it's the other side of the same coin, right. I mean, many of our national account contracts have terms in it that are linked to specific steel price indices or what have you. And so those conversations get had.  In the end, the question that we have to deal with our customers is what's the right action, to again be able to neutralize the impact on gross margin. We're not trying to take advantage of our customers. But at the same time, we're just looking to deploy the tools that we developed in the last few months, last couple quarters to essentially neutralize the impact. And that would be the intention, but again, we'll have to see how things play out as the year goes on. 
Robert Barry: Got it. Okay. Hey, just lastly could you say how December were...
Daniel Florness: Hey Rob [multiple speakers].
Robert Barry : Yeah, okay. Up time, No problem. Yeah. No problem. Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Daniel Florness: Yeah. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
David Manthey: Hey guys, good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning, Dave. 
David Manthey: Over the past couple of years, your gross margins were pretty consistently been down 100 basis points year-over-year and some of that secular, some cyclical. And just as we look ahead to 2020, if the decline is less than that, what would be the factors you would see as is driving a better outcome? 
Daniel Florness: Yeah. So I think there's two things to think about next year in terms of big sections and assuming that the price costs dynamic remains neutral as it has been in the last couple of quarters. And that's obviously it depends on anything that occurs that we have to react to, but we don't know what that looks like.  Based on what we know today, I think that with the slower, small customer business where we have fairly good margins and expectations for growth on the Onsites, I think you're looking at mix probably being a 50 basis points, 60 basis points, 70 basis points drag next year. Now that could change depending on the relative growth between the small customer and the large customer, but that's, that seems like a decent range to me.  I think that we also have to think just about the cadence of the price trend from 2019, right. I think in the first half, we did not do a great job addressing inflation and addressing tariffs, actually we did better job on tariffs we did inflation, but the -- in the second half, I think we did a very good job on that.  And I think that success will carry over into the first half of 2020. You might have some easier comps in the first half of 2020 before that sort of normalizes in the back half. And, I think those are the two big things to think about when you're thinking about how to model our gross margin next year. And then, yes, I think those are the two big things to think about at this point.
Holden Lewis: The -- what I would add is if we're able to channel that out, it's some things that we're doing, specifically inside the organization related to some of the products. For example, we're challenging and this is ongoing, we're always challenging our folks from the standpoint. If I think of our vending platform, so that's highly repetitive transactions.  How do we -- how do we channels much of the spend to our -- to a select group of preferred branded suppliers and our own exclusive brands our private labels from the standpoint of it, it's not just about the costs of product, it's about the cost of the whole supply chain. Because its product we have on the shelf, if it's on the shelf, our distribution centers operate more efficiently, our trucking network and our freight costs are more efficient, our local labor costs are more efficient.  And the first two of those three pieces impact our gross margin. The third obviously is an operating expenses the branch labor. But it allows us to have a product offering in that machine or in our ongoing supply chain offering, where we can offer a better price to the customer, because our cost structures inherently lower, and that typically helps our gross margin. So we're sharing some of the benefit with the customer. So it's a win-win scenario, and we're driving more spend to our preferred suppliers.
David Manthey: Great. Thanks, guys.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Nigel Coe : Thanks. Good morning, guys. Great color on the gross margins Holden. Just thinking about, you normally give forward quality guidance, we normally see gross margins in 1Q pretty flat, it feels like cubic units. It sounds like that holds true in 1Q '20. Any comments on that?
Holden Lewis: Well, a couple of things. First, I would dispute the idea that I normally give to our guidance. Dan, commented on how we rarely talk about the current month in the current month, because it's hard for us to know what's going to play out till it's all said and done. But sometimes things are moving in a direction where you deserve a little bit of guidance. And for the last two quarters, I've given you a little bit of forward guidance on the next quarter, because we had a lot of moving pieces as it related to the inflation to tariff a success around pricing, et cetera.  And when your second quarter gross margin is down, I think it was 180 basis points. I think you all needed a little bit of guidance about what we were seeing and expecting. And so I provided a little bit of that color, but the idea that we usually provide that color, I would disagree with, and I'm not going to get into that game now that frankly, I think most of these moving pieces are kind of stabilizing out. So I'm going to remove myself from that game until a future period where there's -- where there's a lot of volatility that you need a little bit of guidance on.  But, you asked me about the seasonality. At this point, if I assume that the trends in the back half of 2019 are sort of the ones that'll carry over into 2020 was sort of a neutral price cost dynamic. And then -- our usual mix piece and all that I think that judge what you think the seasonality is going to look like, and I think that's a reasonably -- that's a reasonable way to approach the cadence of the quarters. 
Nigel Coe : Okay. Got it. I didn't mean from what the amount, but thanks for the color Holden. 
Holden Lewis: No problem. 
Nigel Coe: Just -- look my questions around the attrition on the Onside, so I'm just now that we've got to a base of over thousands, some level of attrition is normal and should we expected. So I'm just curious as if you can think about what you've considered to be, as a CEO, CFO, a normal rate of attrition going forward. Is it a 2% for the quarter the right number? Is it lower than that? But maybe also, if you just clarify the freight issue?  It sounds like that's, -- I understand the seasonality and the absorption. But that -- this sounds like more of a price center obviously, we've seen LTL and TL rates, obviously down. So I'm just curious if we should be tracking price of freight volumes as a proxy for what's going on that side of the business. But my real question is on the attrition on the Onsites?
Daniel Florness: I'll touch on the Onsite attrition. And the second one and my count is a third so I'll let Holden to answer that. [multiple speakers]  If think of -- 
Holden Lewis: I'm going to answer first in the context of vending, and then I'll transition to Onsite. So if I go back a few years ago, Holden mentioned in '16 the number of vending machines we were moving. It actually started before that. So in 2012, our vending really took off, and we pulled out -- if you look at the number we had again in 2012, and I'm going to pulled out 2013 it was 20%-some of the devices we pulled out. Because we've gone from a handful of district managers doing vending to a big chunk of district managers doing vending and a big chunk of our branch is doing vending and we didn't really have it doubt in where they should go and because it was a new industry we're creating.  And that 20 some number was 20%-some percent the next year. And then it dropped I think to 17%. I don't have the stats in front of me, but then it dropped to 16%. We believe the long-term that number is going to settle in around 10%. Right now, we're at about 14%. So 14% of the installed base that 89,000 we said a few minutes ago, I would expect would get removed based on history in 2020. And our goal is can we get that down to 10%. If I looked at Onsite historically, just back when we had a couple of hundred a month, I think we would close about 10 a year. That's about 5%. I think if Chris Wundrow were sitting here and Chris leads our team that really drives and hones our Onsite model. The team that is involved with evaluate our Onsite. I think the number he typically thinks it is about 6%. So how that plays out quarter-to-quarter if anybody's guess? But it's probably in that neighborhood. History has said it's going to be -- it's probably 5%. A person who is more informed to me and he thinks it's going to be 6%. 
Daniel Florness: In the interest Nigel, I was not encouraging people to ask one question with 12 parts. We'll address your second question when we talk after the fact.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks Dan.
Daniel Florness: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. Thank you very much. My first question is just -- good morning. Dan, a number of years ago, you had something called pathway to profit and 23% up margin was sort of the goal. So maybe, do you view that is achievable still and any thoughts on that target as you look long-term?
Daniel Florness: Yeah. So that was pretty close to that one back in the day. I'll touch on that. In fact, I talked about pathway to profit in this year's letter to shareholders. So a little bit more insight you can gain from that in early February. But the pathway to profit was about our branch network. And about the fact that as our average branch revenue went from 70 to 80, and I'm talking about the revenue per month, so $70,000 a month to $80,000 a month, to $90,000 to $100,000 and beyond.  As that number went up, we had a whole bunch of branches out there that were doing $120,000, $150,000, $200,000 a month. And we already know what the profitability is of that group. So we have talked about in 2007 when we introduced pathway to profit was, we're opening fewer branches today, which means the dilution factor is going to go away and the average revenue per month is going to keep climbing. And as its climbing, the inherent profitability of our branch-based model will shine through.  We had a whole bunch of branches that were deep into the 20s. But a branch that does $50,000 a month doesn't have that kind of operating margin. A branch that does $70,000 or $80,000 a month doesn't have that kind of operating margin. So that 23 is still true for our branch network, but branches represent about 70% of our business today and the other 30% is Onsite. For Onsite that number is down in the upper teens from the standpoint of where the profitability is.  There still a pathway to profit element of it. When we go from having 200 Onsites at the end of 2014 to having just over 1,100 Onsites today, that's a massive take off, and so our revenue per Onsite actually dropped, because we opened so many new ones. And so, we've been living through that for the last four years of that deleverage of our onsite business, because our average revenue dropped. We're approaching now an inflection point where our steady state of how many we're adding is going to kind of neutralize. And our revenue per Onsite when we get later into 2020 and into 2021 is actually going to start inching up. And so that will still come into play. On a previous call, I believe I cited the fact that I think our branch network over time that branch network moves ever closer to 200,000 a month. Today it's in the -- I forget the exact number we cited, but it's in the 130, 135 neighborhood I believe. But as that moves up, I would expect that profitability piece to improve. As the mix changes, I see a path to an operating margin where you have a 50-50 business who have a branch and Onsite in that low-20s. I've cited number at 22%. Time will tell if I'm right or full of it. But -- the number you said Hamzah was really about the branch network, which is a subset of our business.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Very helpful. And my follow-up question, I'll turn it over is on freight, how much of a cost advantage is your captive fleet? And, do you view that cost advantages offsetting execution risk? Just any broad high level thoughts there? Thank you.
Daniel Florness: Look, well the cost advantage is a constant. So it doesn't offset execution risk -- execution risk stands on its own. But the cost advantage, we've always felt that, running on a highly utilized trucking network, where you have products going and by highly utilized I mean, there's products on both directions.  The number we've often cited if you contrast what it costs to move it on our trucking network versus shipping industrial product small parcel. And industrial -- and shipping, a relatively low value products mall parcel is incredibly expensive. And that's where the e-commerce world lives. And that's why they keep trying to build different types of networks to change that dynamic. We've often cited the relationship with 10 to 1 that it's about 90% cheaper.  But again, we're moving a relatively low product on a captive trucking network. A third of our products, so if I look at our Fastenal products, there's a big chunk of that product category that has secondary operations. So it isn't just that we're moving it from supplier to the branch to the customer -- from supplier to the customer with the Onsite.  We might be sending that Fastenal product out for secondary operations, it's going to go get heat treated, it's going to go get plated. And what it means in our faster industry and the reason we built the captive network to start with is many of our competitors, because they're using a lot of LTL shippers and other parties don't have that advantage. And so their freight costs, in many cases can become equal to if not greater than their product cost.  And so one of the reasons we enjoy the gross margins we do in fasteners. And the reason we built a trucking network is we've just built a better means to move product around. But execution risk, that they're disconnected in the standpoint of what you're doing and what are your habits -- your behaviors every day? 
Daniel Florness: But I think it's fair to say Hamzah that the value that [affords] us because of our captive truck fleet is well in excess of a one quarter 10 basis points or 20 basis points lower result than we expected. We get huge dividends from the ownership of our captive fleets. 
Holden Lewis: Speaking of dividends we've raised ourselves.
Hamzah Mazari: Good. Very good. Thank you very much.
Holden Lewis : Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, guys. 
Holden Lewis: Good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Dan, if you -- commenting on how we should think about mix in your kind of historical recovery. Dan you lead off talking about maybe the analog to 2015 that you saw. If I were to look at similar points in time or other, other periods where you think it feels like today. What is the mix on the way out? Is it that the Onsites recover faster because they're captive? Is it that the kind of the smaller customers or non-national accounts, where there's higher mix recover, faster. Just trying to calibrate how we should think about mix as markets eventually recover?
Daniel Florness: Yeah. So if I think about my comparison 2015 was more about just a trend and what we're seeing in the numbers. The other observation I'd made looking at 2015 is, in 2019, we started a higher point, and we finished at a higher point. And I really attribute that to the success we've enjoyed taking market share at a faster clip and the backlog we have in energy.  I mean, in the last three years, we've signed either renewals or new contracts rough about 1,500. That's an incredible tear that we've been on. And that builds a certain level of just market share gains you get and consult. When I look at our relative outperformance to -- in 2019 versus 2015, in a similar PMI Index scenario, it's what the team's done to engage with our customers. And we have a massive footprint.  So, to the extent that the percentage of our top 100 snaps back, and it moves into the 60s, and it moves into the 70s, because of there's a bit of a lift in the economy. That piece will snap back pretty fast and in our large account -- our accounts with a contract relationship would grow disproportionately faster because they've contracted disproportionately faster. And, but, and that's -- that's just a reflection of recovery in the underlying market. So, I would expect that to play out, the speed at which is going to be depending on what the markets doing and maybe holding us more insight. 
Holden Lewis: Yeah. I mean, I think this is an area that I think can be over thought many times. I mean, the fact is, whether it's an Onsite, whether it's non-fasteners, fasteners, most of our businesses, essentially all of our businesses are cyclical. And so, when you see an upswing it's fun talking about an upswing by the way, I hope it happens. But if you see an upswing, what happens is, you see the growth rate at particularly our older Onsites to get better, just as you see the growth rate in our smaller customers get better, just as you see the growth rate in our fastest and non-fasteners get better.  Now does non-fastener growth coming out typically maybe outpace or sorry -- does fastener growth coming out, outpaced non-fastener growth probably? Just like it outpaces it going in, but if you look at Page 5 and you kind of look at the non-fastener and fastener lines, there is not a difference in how they move, right. They really move in the same direction.  The gap may narrow or widen depending on the cycle, but as long as we're successful with Onsites, as long as we're successful with vending, I don't think you're going to get a period where mix works in your favor frankly. And that's just how the math works out. This is always where I always feel a need as well to, however to point out that, if mix is going to continue to work against us, if we're successful or when we're successful with our Onsites and vending and our growth drivers, you have to remember that we get good leverage over SG&A.  One piece of perspective I might offer you is, if you think about our gross margin, fourth quarter of '16, to fourth quarter '19, I think it's, is down something like almost 300 basis points. If you think about our fourth quarter operating margin over that same period of time is down 60 basis points. There is inherent leverage in Onsites, there's inherent leverage in the pathway to profit we talked about earlier. And so, I wouldn't expect that mix is going to start pushing our margins up. Because, I mean -- I expect it will really successful as our growth drivers. I wouldn't conclude from that, that our operating margins are at risk, because there's inherent leverage ability in the growth drivers at the operating expense line as well.
Daniel Florness: So, Josh, I'm going to -- we're coming up on the hour. So I'm going to bring the call to a close. I'll just close with one thought and that is and I often bring a personal touch into this and I apologize for those people that rolled their eyes right now. But, last weekend, I had the opportunity to go to a funeral, a funeral for a very dear individual. Her name was Lillian Petersen. She was known as Till to family and friends.  For me she was both in a way while she was a neighbor, she was also my godmother and I consider that family. She was 88 years old. She's married to the -- to her husband for 67 years. She and her husband had six children, as you can appreciate a multiple that and grandchildren and a great grandchildren. She was my Sunday school teacher. She was a giver of a great advice and affection. She was the writer of many letters.  Over the years, I've received many letters from her and as did many others. Said simply, she was a second mom. I alluded to earlier the top 10 suggestions I share with folks over the years. And, as I was at her funeral and hearing the story about her life and learning all much of things that I didn't know, it dawned on me that she was an incredible influence around three of them. Number eight on that list is trust people.  My exposure, Bob Curtin put a little add on that is incubating serious ideas. Number Nine on that list is cherished embrace the special words. Say please, and thank you. Always say you're welcome. You willing to say you're sorry. And show respect for all. And finally, enjoy something outdoors and all four seasons. She loved to ride bikes, she loved to go for walks, and she loved to cross country ski in the winter. And if you're foolish enough to live in Wisconsin or Minnesota, you better do all -- you better enjoy all four seasons.  I'll close on that note. Thanks, everybody. 
Holden Lewis: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to Fastenal Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the conference over to Ellen Stolts with Investor Relations. Ellen, you may now begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2019 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2019 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thanks Ellen, and good morning everybody, and thank you joining the Q3 Fastenal earnings call. Just a few observations on the business as I start out. This is no secret that the industrial marketplace has weakened in the last 12 months. The Blue Team has reacted. Im impressed with the group I call friends and associates. They're talented group and they shined through this quarter. My next comment isnt really a trade secret, the third quarter of 2019 had one additional business day. We generated about $21 million per day in revenue, this helped our quarter. I was -- the sarcastic side of me was thinking that perhaps everybody on this call could petition our respective governments about modifying the global calendar to add one business day in every quarter going through would probably do more for our economy than all the silliness that we typically see coming out of our respective capitals, and I'll leave it at that and no political party has a monopoly on ridiculousness. All kidding aside, the supply chain for our customers has become more expensive in the last year and a half and more volatile. Our job is really straightforward. We provide Supply Chain Solutions. We challenge the status quo with both our customer and with our supplier, and trust me, they reciprocate. That's a good constructive balance, a good friction balance. Challenge sometimes means considering a different product. Our business model has an advantage here over many of our local competitors. Sometimes it means a different solution. As you know from what you've learned about Fastenal over the years and prior quarters, we have many to offer. Fortunately for us, many of our competitors are one trick ponies, and this helps us win in this type of environment. I never lose sight of the strength of an organization where our team -- 75% of our employees have intimate knowledge of our customers operation. They have knowledge of their local and global business culture, and the scale to stitch it together. This is more powerful than an abstract server study at customers keystrokes that can only do fulfillment. I believe we can win, but we have to figure out where we win with that strategy. And I think the things that we do with our growth drivers play very well into understanding that advantage. All that technology, though does bring in tremendous productivity wins. We are slowly introducing technology in our business, and I believe you see it shine through in our ability to manage the labor side of our business. Getting to Holdens flipbook, weve reported earnings of $0.37. There were just some discrete tax items in the quarter, actually in both years; but adjusting for these, the EPS remained at $0.37. Pleased to see our pretax profit growth accelerate from frankly a disappointing second quarter. Two things stood out. First, the team executed nicely on pricing, which produced a better gross margin. Does it mean that that we're not behind on the price cost, and the goal isn't about who wins on the price cost because this is a supply chain relationship between supplier, between our supplier, our business, and our customer, and we need a supply chain that works for all . So it's not about who wins, it's about who provides the best value to our customer. Secondly, our team adjusted really well to the slowing business, kind of just as fast in the second quarter, were just a little bit faster in the third to provide nice incremental margins while at the same time, we continue to invest in the growth drivers of our business. That's one of the most important aspects of this as we still have the resources to invest in growth. Business conditions remain sluggish and our customer tone remains cautious, very pleased with the cash generated during the year-to-date, the improvement during the period, my compliments to our team in the field, my compliments to Holden, Sheryl, and their respective teams, performed really well on managing our working capital. And the nice thing about this page, in one page, we talked about two things that we haven't been able to talk about with confidence and maybe even some pride in recent years, and that is we performed well on gross margin and on working capital, but we still have work to do. Onsites, we signed 84 in the quarter, a little bit less than the second quarter. I think there's two things driving that; one, a lot of discussions during the quarter with customers centered on supply chain, challenging supply chain, some of those discussions were about pricing and also in an environment like this, and we see it in our vending as well, when there's uncertainty in an environment, a natural human reaction is sometimes it's easier to not make a decision at all than to worry about what decision is the right one. And so we're seeing, saw a little bit of a slow down, but we're still at up 30% over where we were a year-ago at 1076 Onsites, and the business continues to grow in low teens. And we believe we will still sign between 375 to 400. Its a little bit more difficult of a goal than it would have been three months ago or six months ago, only time will tell if that belief will be turned into a reality, but we believe that we can accomplish it. The one thing might jump out at you is we closed 22 traditional branches during the quarter. That's not a surprising number. We've been doing similar numbers of that over the last four or five, six years, but we did close 35 Onsites. I'm a firm believer, some organizations sometimes not hide from the truth, but hold back the truth, and they won't acknowledge things challenging the status quo. And as a result, they don't do anything, don't do anything and all of a sudden do something big all at once. And then spend all their efforts adjusting for the numbers to explain it to what was going on in the world, we don't do that. We challenge the business every day, and if our team feels along with their customer, there are some Onsites that don't make sense in today's environment, perhaps the business has slowed down, perhaps a plants been consolidated, we want to understand why from the standpoint of trends of our business, but I consider its a healthy thing. Vending, we continue to have a very good clip with vending. To me, the most noteworthy thing that stood out on our vending numbers, so our installed base is up 12.2%, Q3 to Q3, our product sales are up in the mid-teens. I'm not really good at numbers, but I do know that means our revenue per machine increased in the 12-month period. I consider that a tremendous accomplishment in an economy where things have weakened and you would expect your revenue per machine to decrease a little bit. I think there's two things that are shining through there. One, vending is about a lot of the stuff that goes through our vending machines is about PP&E, so stuff people need. We're in a high employment environment, so there's still plenty of employees and employees need stuff. I think that's part of it. I think the other part is our team has become really dialed in at managing their vending asset base, and utilizing that asset base to benefit their customer. And it means sometimes you pull parts out, you put new parts in, and that those two things drive the fact that that base of business actually expanded in a declining economy. E-commerce was up about 28%, Q3 to Q3, I consider that a weaker number. One thing that shines through and that for me is a chunk of that e-commerce is to larger customers and a chunk of that was economically weakened. With that, Ill turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great, thanks Dan. Good morning, let's just jump on to Slide 5, total sales are up 7.8% in the third quarter, adjusting for the one more selling day in the period, our daily sales were up 6.1%, which is a deceleration from the second quarter. September daily sales growth was up 5.8% which is fairly consistent with the July and August rates. But business activity has continued to soften, the leading Purchasing Managers Index averaged 49.4 in the third quarter, and it was 47.8 in September. Those are levels that are consistent with modest contraction in industrial production. For its part, industrial production was up just 0.3% in the July-August period. The cautious tone is reflected in the feedback of our regional leaders and in the trends of our end-markets. Manufacturing was up 7.7% and heavy equipment was up 4.4%, oil and gas and industrial end markets are also softening while transportation and consumer linked customers are stable. Construction was up 2.9% in the third quarter with larger customers outperforming smaller ones. We estimate the price in the third quarter contributed 90 to 120 basis points, which is slightly improved on the second quarter. However, we think the degree of price realization in the period is partially masked by the current period having to grow over last year's rising contribution from price because the third quarter 2018 marks the rollout of our pricing tool. We're pleased with the efforts of the Blue Team to mitigate the effects of tariffs and inflation during this period. From a product standpoint, non-fasteners continue to lead but did decelerate with 8% growth in the third quarter, while our more cyclical fastener line was up 3%. From a customer standpoint, national accounts were up 10.2% in the quarter, with 62 of our top 100 accounts growing. Non-national account growth was less than 1% was roughly 57% of our branches growing in the third quarter. Our growth today is coming largely from the growth drivers which only reinforces our commitment to them. Regardless of the market conditions, Fastenal provides a value to our customers. It has a financial model that allows us to invest as others pull back, and we intend to do so. Now moving over to Slide 6, our gross margin was 47.2% in the third quarter, down 90 basis points versus last year. The components of this decline are familiar, product and customer mix, price cost and transportation expense, plus the absence of the difficult comparison we had last quarter. However, the third quarter was also up 30 basis points versus the second quarter, which bucks the more traditional flat to down sequential pattern. This largely reflects moderation in the variables that impacted the second quarter. Mixed drag was 70 to 80 basis points narrowing a bit as Onsite growth rates slowed, price cost improved through the quarter as pricing efforts to offset tariffs and inflation gain traction. It's common for the fourth quarter gross margins to slip versus the third quarter as it's happened in four of the last five years typically by 20 to 40 basis points. With the momentum we built in the third quarter however, we anticipate being able to sustain our gross margin above 47% in the fourth quarter. Our operating margin was 20.4% in the third quarter down 10 basis points year-over-year. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 26.8% better by 80 basis points at a record low for the third quarter. We leverage operating costs despite the slowdown in sales growth, aided a bit by an extra selling day in the period. Looking at the pieces, we achieved 65 basis points of leverage over employee related costs which are up 4.2%. This growth was largely due to 4.1% increase in FTE growth at the end of the period. We realized 20 basis points of leverage over occupancy related costs which were up 2.8% comprised of higher vending expenses as we expand the installed base and flattish occupancy expenses. Conditions remain challenging, so we remain focused on adding resources as necessary to finance our growth drivers and support our ability to take market share while tightly managing other costs and investments. If you put it all together, we reported third quarter 2019 EPS of $0.37, which is up 8% from $0.34 in the third quarter of 2018. As Dan mentioned, we did have discrete tax benefits in both the current and prior year periods. And if you include a $3.6 million benefit in the third quarter -- including a $3.6 million benefit in the third quarter of 2019. If you adjust for these, third quarter 2019 EPS remained $0.37, up 7.3%. Turning to Slide 7. Looking at cash flow, we generated $257 million in operating cash in the third quarter or 121% of net income. Higher earnings combined with lower working capital needs to produce the cash flow. Year-to-date cash conversion is 96.4%. Net capital spending in the third quarter was $60 million up from $35 million in the third quarter of 2018. This continues to reflect investments in hub property and vehicles that are necessary to support high service levels as well as investments in vending equipment to support growth in our installed base. Our 2018 range for total capital spending is unchanged between $195 million and $225 million, with the same factors driving the third quarter increase impacting the full-year. We also paid out $126 million in dividends in the period and reduced debt by $55 million. We finished the quarter with debt at 14.7% of total capital in line with last year's 14.4% down sequentially and from year-end. Inventories were up 13.4% in the third quarter of 2019. Nearly half of this growth related to inventory to support new Onsites. The remainder relates to higher hub inventories. We planned for growth in inventory to slow meaningfully in the fourth quarter as actions taken earlier in 2019 to reduce overseas purchasing in response to slower demand begins to be felt. Accounts receivable grew 5.8% in the third quarter of 2019. Receivables benefited from slower growth and the timing of quarter-end. If I try to adjust for the latter, we estimate that receivables growth would have been roughly 7.5% with roughly half day increase in DSO, the slowest rates have increased since the first half of 2017. Our customers continue to aggressively pursue longer payment terms and withhold payment at quarters-end. We expect growth in our working capital assets to be more modest in the fourth quarter than it was in the third producing another strong cash flow quarter. That's all, we have for our formal presentation. So with that operator, we will take questions. Before we switch over to questions, last time when I was flipping through Holden's book one thing that hopefully stands out in these calls is Dan is unscripted, which probably makes for a frustrating listen from an audience perspective. Holden is nicely scripted, so you get maybe the how from Dan, but you get the what and the meat from Holden. And that's a good one-two punch. There was an item that I added into the notes of my flipbook last night that I didn't want to throw out there because I thought I might get a question on it. And I didn't want to give you an unsatisfied, unsatisfactory answer. I thought I'd preempt you. That is the one item in the quarter that kind of makes me scratch my head is our construction business. And we had enjoyed nice growth in construction over the last several years. That growth has slowed dramatically as we've come into 2019. And in all honesty, we don't totally understand it, it's two worlds there, our large account business continues to grow well, our local business isn't growing as well. And some of that you can attribute to the fact that we've, we closed about 5% of our locations a year, so that but so that's going to take a toll on the local construction business. But that's not a new phenomenon. We've been doing that for four or five years.
,: And so it's more of an observation than a conclusion. I apologize for that but I thought I had pointed out anyway with that, we will turn it over to questions and not sure if Ellen preempts the group but we've asked for one question and a brief follow-up if you still need.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question today comes from the line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. First off, can you talk about additional price increases that you may be thinking about in the fourth quarter to offset additional tariff-related COGS inflation?
Daniel Florness:
,:
David Manthey: Okay, thank you. And second, it's a small percentage, I know, but I'm hoping you can provide more details on the 35 Onsite closures, were these purely chance or cyclical customer issues rather than a bad fit or some sort of competitive loss? Is there anything you can share with us regarding that or is there anything you learned from those closures that helped you better that potential customers for Onsite implementations in the future?
Daniel Florness: Sure, yes, the quick answer is probably a little bit of all of the above. But you're right, Dave. I mean, we closed more this quarter than we've typically done. And I think there's a couple of things to think about here. One is simply the installed base has gone up, and as the installed base goes up, there's going to be a natural degree of churn that happens. And so, the fact that -- we're that it's a high number, but frankly the three or four quarters that preceded this quarter were higher than the ones before that. And so, there's an element simply of it's become a big part of our business, we have a lot of them out there, there's going to be a natural element of churn that goes up over time. But the second piece is, you're right. As we've achieved the degree of critical mass in that initiative, the reviews, we always review our business not only in Onsites but elsewhere, but we get more active in terms of reviewing the businesses that we have as we get critical mass as we have more aged facilities. And if I look at the 35 that we closed in this quarter, I was able to get a good explanation about 27 of them, just to let you know. And if I look at that, there's a handful where the plant closed. Theres a handful where the model changed, right where we opened the Onsite because the purchasing manager liked the model and that purchasing manager has now moved on and new ones in place doesn't like the model as much. And so, theyve changed it. And so, there's a few of those. There are a few where we lost some business to competitors. Usually, that's because they decided to go for maybe a better pricing scheme or what have you, but those do exist
Holden Lewis: Or somebody new in their procurement function.
Daniel Florness: Or somebody new in their procurement function, right. So those elements do exist. They've existed every quarter before this. Now, I will also say there were 11 Onsites that that frankly we closed them because maybe the financials didn't play out as we would have expected. In fact, if I look at those 11 Onsites, they're running at about 20K a month. That's well below what we need to have in order to make that model makes sense. And so, we wound up closing that Onsite, but in nine of those 11 cases, that business moves back to the branch that's nearby, right? So it's not lost business even though it is a closed Onsite, but the financial decision is better at the branch than it was at Onsite in those cases. So, I think the perspective that you have to have here is, we always review our business and as the base goes up, I think closures would go up as well. But that said, I think that this quarter was pretty high. I don't expect to see that that level of closings in the fourth quarter. And even at that high level, we're talking about roughly 3% of our installed base, I mean not a big number. So, which I think you kind of commented, so that's probably how Id respond to that.
Holden Lewis: I'll add just an item in there, Dave, and that is if you think about growth drivers, if you think about our business in general, we consider this a healthy part of the business, take our national accounts business as an example. I know based on history that when we come into a new year, I can assume that 5% of our national account revenue from last year will be gone not because we lost the customer, but because across those thousands of locations, there were special projects going on in 2019 that won't happen in 2020. And so if we want to grow our national account business and I'll just pick an arbitrary number, if we want to grow our national account business 15%, we have to go into the year with a plan to hit 20 because we know we're starting to downsize. When I think of our vending business, this year we will pull out about 13% of our vending machines based on our installed base. And that's been true for years actually, if I go back five years ago, we were pulling out about 25% of our installed base every year from the prior year. Because we put in 10, we realized we needed eight; we put in two, we realized that wasn't a great place to put vending; and we improved the business over the last decade, we've pulled out north of 40,000 vending machines from locations where we've installed them. And what do we have to show for it, we have a business that went from zero to we will do about 1.1 billion through vending this year. It helps our overall organization grow faster. It's a nice discrete business in and of itself. And but I know that every time we placed 10 machines are so likely we're going to pull a few of them back. And I love the business. And I love the fact that we're always rationalizing. I don't know ultimately like on the Onsite, what is the churn rate? But I don't know, maybe 5% a year is a number. I hope I don't see that number in the report that comes out now that Dan Florness do this. But I'm just saying it's, it's a business and you approach it from pragmatic business perspective. What's a win for your customer, what's a win for your team, and what's a win for the future of the business as well and we love the Onsite business and we think a healthy look at it as a good thing.
David Manthey: All right, very helpful color as always. Thanks very much.
Holden Lewis: Yes, thanks Dave.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Good detail in the first couple of questions. Yes hi guys. So just want to maybe just address kind of what youre seeing out there in a bit more detail. It feels like September was a weaker month more broadly. Yet, you saw a nice uptick in September sequentially. So you didn't seem to see that, although you are talking about a great proportion of national accounts, customers are declining. So I'm just wanting to maybe just dig in to sort of feedback you're hearing from branch managers and then more specifically, you called out I think last quarter weakness in heavy industry and oil and gas. You didnt called that out this quarter. So Im just wondering what you're seeing in those two areas? Thank you.
Daniel Florness: Sure. Yes, the September number was a little bit below where July and August was, I would agree that they were substantively in the same range. But we did do a little bit better with pricing in the quarter, obviously. And I think that that kind of moved through as the quarter went on as well. I don't think I'm going to get into disclosing month by month, kind of what we think the pricing was. But I think it's fair to conclude that it got better as the quarter progressed and that probably, don't you probably saw a little bit of a decline in -- or a backing up in volume growth filled in a little bit by improvement in the pricing side. And I think that was probably an element of it because if I think about the markets, yes, they're getting softer. And that probably don't surprise anybody and you're right, I didnt call out oil and gas and heavy machinery specifically, it feels like it almost goes out saying at this point, but those areas are weak. The industrial manufacturing sector broadly is weak and I kind of feel like volume for us outside of our market share gains is probably in the area flattish. And then that's where we've gotten to at this point. In terms of feedback from the RVP groups, it's probably what you would expect most are talking about tone being cautious, much as they have been. They did call out, obviously oil and gas, heavy equipment. We've talked a bit before about some of the automotive, not a lot of direct exposure to automotive very little if any, but indirectly, some of the regions that are there have certainly called that out. I'm not sure that I'm adding any market still list, that are soft, but I'm not seeing anything getting better either. And so it's still a bit of a challenge. What I will say is, I think some of the commentary from the RVPs what got added in the last month or two, a little bit more discussion about seeing some layoffs in their markets, a little bit more discussion about seeing people deciding or choosing to defer spending decisions. I would say those really begin to creep into the dialog in the last quarter or two. And again, I just think it feeds this, this narrative that that conditions theyre not spiraling out of control by any means, but they continue to soften up in our marketplace.
Nigel Coe: Great, thanks so much, great color. And then just on the gross margin, you kind of preemptively went out with (inaudible) number for 4Q, obviously that's top of our minds. I understand, just given your terms and the timing of tariffs, that is 25% List 3, start to filter into your P&L in 4Q. So I'm just curious, if you are seeing the incremental inflation, what could be the opposite to that?
Holden Lewis: Well, remember, the List 3 tariffs went into place. Initially, I think in December and the number in March of 2019. Those frankly, the cost of those actions were largely in our 3Q, I think I know what you're talking about, we have turns of two times. But remember tariffs are a little bit different and that it's not about when you purchase the products about when it hits the shores. And so if our six months, sort of supply chain lag is three months overseas on the water and three months domestically, then the impact from tariffs, you're going to feel that once it hits the shore, but from that period to the time that it flows through the network, that's really more like three months. So the List 3 tariffs, those costs were largely in 3Q, I don't anticipate an incremental impact in 4Q from the List 3 tariffs. On List 4, those go into play in October and then again in December, if they ultimately go through. And I expected those costs would then roll forward into the first quarter of next year. And we'll adjust our business ahead of that to make sure that we're neutral on it. So, our intention is obviously not to fall behind based on sort of what the new tariffs are. But I think I want to emphasize as well, Nigel, when we fell behind, it had a lot more to do with general inflation in the marketplace than it did with the tariffs. Now, I think general inflation was sort of goosed by the tariffs if you will. But it wasn't so much the tariff that presented the challenge to us as it was the generalized inflation. And I think, the change of approach that we've taken in recent months in three areas, one, the group has new information and new tools in the field that they didn't had 18 months ago. We have a new structure internally dealing with our pricing and our costing versus what we had 18 months ago. And I think that structure, the people involved in that structure and its oversight, I think are doing a phenomenal job. And then just the muscle memory that's been built up in the field, again very different from what existed 18 months ago. And so I think our capabilities now versus what existed 18 months ago are far stronger. I think the execution speed of what you saw in 3Q reflects that and I think we can manage what comes as effectively today as we've been able to at any point in this period, but I don't anticipate tariffs being an incremental drag to 4Q relative to 3Q at this point.
Daniel Florness: As Holden was talking, I was just flipping through some stats here on components of our business just to shed a little additional light on the first question about heavy equipment. If I look at heavy manufacturing, now heavy equipment is a subset of that, if I look at heavy manufacturing as a business, that's about its between 35% and 40% of our revenue, so it's a big swath of our revenue. That was growing about 13.5% in the first quarter, that dropped a little over 8% in the second quarter and it was about 6% in the third quarter. So mirrors up pretty well with what our reported number is. If I look at heavy equipment subset in there, which is about two-thirds of that component, it's about 27% of our revenue, 13.5% in the first quarter. So in line with the overall heavy manufacturing, 7.5% in the second quarter, so we're starting to pull down that overall heavy manufacturing group. It dropped a 4.5% in the third quarter. So two things jump out of that, that's lot of OEM fasteners in there, lot of production in there that weakened as we went through the year. The interesting thing is that there was a divergence between the two-thirds of the heavy manufacturing, that's heavy equipment and the one-third that is and there's a divergence and there's more resiliency in the other group. So the overall number isn't declining as much and I go into the weed and get a little wonky and only from the standpoint of that's that demonstrates what our team is doing, our national accounts team, our regional teams are doing, that's market share gains. We're picking up great market share because our customers are struggling right now. And it shines through in our heavy manufacturing, it shines through in some of the stats that Holden puts out as far as our top 100 customers, how many are growing with us? All that kind of information really sheds light.
Nigel Coe: Great color. Thanks.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Couple of questions.
Daniel Florness: Hey Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Yes.
Daniel Florness: Before you start, congratulations on the new baby.
Ryan Merkel: Thank you. Lot of work but a lot of fun.
Daniel Florness: There you go.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks Dan.
Daniel Florness: You must be tired because usually you get into queue earlier than this.
Ryan Merkel: I will tell you what, three hours.
Daniel Florness: Youre a little bit slow.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, Im a little slow. So on gross margins, just a follow-up. So if you do a little bit better than 47% in the fourth quarter, that would be a year-over-year decline of like 50, 60 bps. So how should we think about the components of mix, price costs and frame?
Holden Lewis: So I think at that point, so the freight comparables will get easier. Now obviously, our goal as a company is to not rest on comparables but actually execute the freight side better. But at minimum, the freight comparables get easier. And so I'm not expecting a big drag on freight. I think that will be that I think that impact will be diminished. The real question mark there is ultimately, there is a cyclical element, how much does our revenue go up or go down based on sort of the macro but that's the expectation right now, which means that most of what I would expect you to see is going to be related to the product customer mix, I think if you look at the cadence of price cost, it's one of those things where I think the number of the quarter isn't terribly meaningful, because pre-quarter and then post quarter were two very different numbers, depending on the timing of when you were able to enact the strategies that we enacted, but by the time you finished up the quarter, you were approaching kind of balance, if you will on sort of the price cost side. And our expectation is to kind of maintain something around neutrality. And as a result whatever we achieve in the fourth quarter, I think it's going to be heavily a function of mix.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, yes, that's really helpful. Especially the price cost getting neutral I think its really critical. Okay, and then next question and this is more theoretical, but based on what you're hearing from customers and seeing in the macro, what level of end market growth are you planning for in 2020?
Holden Lewis: So yes, it's very theoretical. What I would tell you is as you know, I've studied the PMI and its impact on our business for a long time. And I always viewed the PMI as being a bit of a leading indicator. And I think the PMI is probably signaling to us that the conditions that you're seeing today, which I think suggest very fairly flattish volumes, that we're going to roll into 2020 in a very similar position. Now what the second half looks like, I have no idea, but we're going to roll into 2020 in a very similar position. And I think if volumes are flattish, I think that next year, we will get whatever we get based on market share gains and call that between 5% to 7%. There's probably a little bit of incremental price that flows in there just because we recognized for a full-year what we've put in as this year progresses. And I think that the -- you're looking at something in the 5% to 8% range based on where the PMI is today depending where the PMI is in December, ask the question again. So that might all change but that's probably how I would characterize how I look at the PMI and its impact on our business.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks so much.
Daniel Florness: Yes, thanks Ryan.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Congrats on the solid quarter.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Robert Barry: So just trying to get my head around this tariff related math a little more, just wanted to clarify with the full impact of tariffs on List 3 at 25% flowing through the P&L in this quarter, was that your earlier statement?
Holden Lewis: Yes, for all intents and purposes because again remember, our two times turns don't really apply where tariffs are concerned, right? Because the moment tariffs go into effect, the first container that hits our shores are tariffs at that point, and from that point, call it three months to move through our system from the ports through the hubs, through the branches to a customer, right. So we're not talking about a six month window in which it takes to sort of realize the tariffs to our cost. We're talking about something shorter than that. And that's strictly based on the dynamics of the tariffs themselves.
Daniel Florness: I'll add one more. I'll add one more just twist to that. The dynamic, there's really a couple of things that come into play and a piece of it, I agree with Holden's comment, piece of it I disagree with Holdens comment. If you think about a customer, where we're bringing in, say OEM fasteners or were bringing in, its vending customers, we're bringing in. We do a lot of hand protection through our vending devices. So we are bringing in that kind of product, your visibility to need and supply chain are much more dialed in. So that element of the product turns faster because you're bringing in products that that you might, you might have a three month supply, four month supply, five months supply. So it turns a little faster. And the variability in that is dependent on not how quick it hits the cost impact but how long, how many months of, how many days of inventory have can change. If all of a sudden that customers business OEM fasteners are down 20%, what you thought was a five month supply just and six months supply, that means you have the legacy of that problem a little longer. But it still hits relatively quickly. Same thing in a lot of our vending on our hand protection. Now if you went and visited a bunch of our branches and you looked at a lot of the MRO fasteners and a lot of the products that are in our branches, that's product where we have less certainty, less visibility to demand and we stock it a bit deeper because of that. There you have products that might turn once a year. And so there are some elements of both, a lot of our discussions with our customers is on the former not the latter, because that's the product that's the product in their nose spin as opposed to their tailspin, its a tailspin that becomes a little more difficult from a turn standpoint. I hope I shed light there instead of that.
Robert Barry: Yes, I mean little bit perhaps. I mean, what I'm getting trying to get my head around is if you look at your sales, 34% is fasteners, I assume healthy chunk of that is subject to the tariffs and if you assume tariffs that is 25% on that COGS it seems like a much bigger number than the 1% price would cover. So I mean maybe some of the things you're talking about Dan are the reasons why price cost can be almost neutral even though that kind of headline math, I just did suggest a much bigger pressure, what are the other offsets?
Daniel Florness: Yes, keep in mind I'll let Holden to add in but there's a bunch of fastener products that we have moved out of tariff base country, the issue run into when you move it, it might be more expensive, but it's less expensive than a 10%, 15% and 25% tariff. And so there is some stuff that we've moved out, but I'll let Holden chime in.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I mean the only other nuance I would add to that is it's certainly true that we import the great majority of our fasteners. But recall that we're as tight as one source, which as Dan indicated, we've actually reduced that source over this period of time. We also get a lot from Taiwan, and a handful of other countries out there that aren't subject, right. So don't overstate the impact of if fasteners are heavily tariffs, they are if they're coming from China, but we get a lot of our fasteners from Taiwan and other areas in Asia, as well as there's a major supplier in Canada they are not quite as effective as much. So those obviously aren't impacted the same way.
Robert Barry: Would you be willing to just tell us let your List 3 and List 4 exposures are?
Holden Lewis: No, I mean what we always said is substantially all of our products that we source from China is covered by List 3 and List 4. We have not disclosed historically what that number is specifically, what it was, when this all began 18 months ago, it's a little bit lower than that now, or 12 months ago, it's a little bit lower than that now, because of the works that we have done. Again as Dan pointed out to improve the supply chain cost of our customer supply chains, we have moved a material not a product out of China into other areas, usually within the region. But it's still a significant minority of our overall purchasing comes from China and what does come from China is going to be captured by List 3 and List 4.
Robert Barry: All right. All right, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Daniel Florness: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just maybe follow-up on some of the non-resi commentary. It looks like there was a nice uptick in momentum there in the September. Dan, I know you talked a little bit about some slowness otherwise it was a little bit of a head scratcher. But I think more broadly, construction markets had some weather issues impacting earlier parts of the year. Did the season just kind of go longer or have a bit more tail at the end as a function of whether push outs or any explanation for maybe why September was, was an uptick?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I hesitate to being a farm kid from Wisconsin. I'm always attuned to the weather and I'm appreciative what that means for this time of the year and people getting corn and soybeans in this part of the country out of harvested, I am hesitant to talk much about weather short of that because we're in a lot of jurisdictions and unless there's something major that really hits. It's a regional issue more than a company issue. The one you point out September, September did have a nice uptick in construction. We do 6.5% construction business versus the first couple of months, we are growing between 1% and 2%. I like what I saw in September, one month is not a trend. I would love to see that that strength that strengthening we saw in September, shine through in October, November and time will tell if that happens. Right now I honestly don't know. But I did like what we saw on September.
Daniel Florness: The other thing I might suggest is if you look at just the comparables in August of 2018, our construction business was growing 18%, 19% in September of 2018, it was growing 13%, 14%. So little bit easier comp, I think also contributed to September looking better than the other two months in there. I would consider that as well.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just a follow-up on pricing, obviously some good momentum there, getting kind of caught up after 2Q, any kind of institutionalized moves, I know there's a lot of discretion at kind of the branch and salesperson level on price movement and what it takes to win business or retain business? Has any of that discretion been lifted to higher parts of the organization to where maybe things like 2Q don't happen as often or did it just need to be a catch-up?
Daniel Florness: First off, one of the ways we circled the wagons, so to speak is we have a frank and honest discussion with our teams, and we talked to hear the facts at hand. Here's what we need to do and here's some of the discussions we need to have with our customers. And like I say you always lead the discussion with here are solutions that that makes some of the issue go away. Maybe there's a different widget that has a similar form and function that you've suggested in the past. But there hasn't been a willingness to change that all of a sudden now can effectively offset this impact. But you have a frank and honest discussion with your team, and they have a frank and honest discussion with our customers. And you challenge them and say, this isn't a mandatory thing. This is a need-to-do thing, which, frankly I think is more important than a mandatory thing. We need to do this. And but we also need to have a mindset that this isn't a project. This isn't a three month thing, this isn't a 12-month thing. This is something you just do, just that right now. We need to reallocate a little more time to it because the urgency is high, because the volatility is high, and you need to have that conversation with your customer. Unfortunately, when you reallocate some of that energy, maybe your vending drops off a little bit in your signings, maybe your Onsite drops off a little bit on signings, because something there's always a finite amount of energy in the air.
Holden Lewis: Yes, so I mean I would say, we really didn't fiddle with any elements of our culture, right with the elements of allowing people in the field to make decisions because they're the ones that know the customer far better than anybody and it does. And so we really didn't fiddle with elements of culture, if that's what you're asking. But we have fiddled with, as I said before is the information tools that are available to people in the field, the structure internally by which we attack sort of price and cost questions. And then obviously, just again, building up that muscle memory in the field getting used to having these conversations, and that sort of thing. We fiddled with those elements, but we didn't fiddle with fundamental culture, payroll, anything or pay plan or anything like that to achieve what we've done. And the good news is, I think that means that it should be more sustainable.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Understood, good color. Thanks a lot.
Holden Lewis: We are at 9.50, so I think we are running to the end or leave a full hour now.
Daniel Florness: Full hour, Holden we will make it full hour.
Holden Lewis: Makes my call afterwards easier.
Operator: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Keep on going, operator.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Dankert: Hey good morning guys, thanks for all the color thus far. I guess from our perspective, I saw you guys stepped up the IT and technology investment in the quarter by several million bucks, just anything worth home about there, any kind of major projects you'd highlight?
Daniel Florness: When I stepped into this role, one of the things that I thought was important, looking at the landscape out there, we decided to make a meaningful move and I started talk about this with our shareholders back in that timeframe. We decided to increase our relative IT spend, about a half a percent of sales. So I think what our business today is a half percent less profitable relative, so 50 basis points less profitable because we decided up that spend. Now my gut believes that that 50 basis points. We are I don't know if we've clawed it all back but we're clawing it back because it brings productivity and it improves our business. Im always talking to John Soderberg, our leader in the IT area, John's been in that area now about three and a half years leading that team, he's done a wonderful job, we have great talent. He's done a wonderful job better connecting our IT group with our business and so the talents, the inherent talents of our IT team really shine through. If I think of some, some recent wins. Just yesterday with our board of directors, I was chatting with him about two days ago, we rolled out and some of you are going to roll your eyes at this comment because companies have been doing this stuff for a long time, we haven't. We started talking earlier this year about the implementing a bot within our business to improve and our safety team, we've developed an incredible safety business over the last decade, obviously helped by vending, 55% of our vending revenue is safety products. And our safety team is looking for added resources because they get bombarded with thousands of questions from the field. And it just takes away a lot of their energy. And to me the two things, couple of things jumped out there. Boy, that's, I'm glad to hear they're getting bombarded with questions. But I'd rather not add resources to answer questions because the ultimate is surface the information for our team. So they so they have it 24 hours a day, seven days a week in the field. So we created our first chat bot, it rolled out two days ago. It's a safety bot, we've loaded it with common questions that our safety team gets. We've loaded it with information, all that and I'm going to start spilling things I know nothing about. But information that our field needs to address customer questions. We rolled it out the 50 branches couple of days ago. I'm pleased to report the first morning it was out, there were 29 questions asked and 22 responses with 76% hit rate on responses as far as satisfactory responses to the questions. And that's something we couldn't have done two years ago. We are doing some things with rolling out some mobility. That's a slow walk. We're but what we're rolling some things out. To me, I fundamentally believe the wins are a better partner with our customer. A more productive, productive business which means we can inherently be more competitive in the marketplace and still provide better value. And but that's something a couple of quick examples. Again, you might roll your eyes and say, boy, those are pretty small steps. I think they're huge steps. And I'm really proud of our team for doing it.
Holden Lewis: And you're right. I mean, we're looking at IT spending this year, just from P&L standpoint, probably being up 10%, 15%. Its an area that we continue to invest in our business because we can do so, even though if things are slowing down. That's not necessarily an area that we're looking to restrict, restrict our spend.
Daniel Florness: We invest where we get a return.
Chris Dankert: Yes. Got it, thanks for the color. It really helped kind of level set things and kind of how the growth goes there. And just the last one from me from a very high level. We talked about Onsite already, but just again thinking about total opportunity in the past, you guys have highlighted maybe 4,000 embedded addressable opportunities today. That's still kind of what you see as the opportunity out there?
Daniel Florness: Yes, and I will say at that way. I believe that that number has upside from the standpoint. Earlier we were talking about the 35 Onsite closures and to me, the reason I believe it's okay to have what you could arguably call failure is it means we're testing the fringes, it means we're, we're constantly trying things that maybe we haven't done before, to see if it work. I remember a trip I did with Troy (inaudible) who leads our business here in the Upper Midwest, we're down in Milwaukee area and we were visiting an Onsite and there's nobody in our organization that knows more about Onsites than Troy. He's been successful with a lot of them over the years, and he's talking about what he's doing. And he's kind of he is kind of shrugging and he said that I'm not sure if it'll work. But here's why I did it, boom, boom, boom. He laid out his reasons. I'm like, that's awesome. And so I think there's an upside to that number but yes, that's where our number sits now, but I think we become more creative because Bob Kierlin created an organization that trust people to try things and be willing to make mistakes.
Holden Lewis: And Dan you can correct me if this is wrong, because that number is put together before I necessarily was here, but I believe that number also didn't include construction, government education opportunities, right?
Daniel Florness: Correct.
Holden Lewis: So we're actually finding opportunities to be Onsite in environments like that as well which to Dans point is kind of expanding the envelope for what's possible within an Onsite environment.
Chris Dankert: Got it, got it. Thats really helpful. Thanks, guys.
Daniel Florness: Sure. With that, its five minutes of the hour. I'm going to call short of five minutes. Sorry about that. I'm a big believer in obligation. One thing I constantly talk to my team loud is obligations. We chat to each other, to our customer, to our shareholder, and to our supplier. And the one obligation I have to this group is be around answer calls. Today, I won't be here for that obligation. I'm leaving in a few minutes. A friend and brother, he's technically my brother in law, but a friend and brother passed away from pancreatic cancer here in September, David Gustafson down in Madison and going down to support my wife, my sister in law and my nephew and so I wont be around for any questions, if you have any of me, give me a holler next week. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Fastenal Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ellen Stolts, Investor Relations. Ms. Stolts, you may now begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2019 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2019 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody. Before I start, I just want to share a thought with the group. And I had the distinct pleasure over my 23 years at Fastenal to have worked with some really fine people. And two of them I mentioned are original CEO, Bob Kierlin, and his successor Will Oberton, two individuals that I think were stellar in the role, and I learned a tremendous amount from and not only were they great at their role, theyre really good people. I remember back in -- I believe it was 1998 October and our business growth dropped in one month, about a third we went from 20% some growth, we dropped 10 point. I think we went from 27% to 17%, dont quote me on that, but I think thats what it was. And we did six simple things. And if you want to -- if you are a CEO out there and you want to know six things to do in a time like this, these are really useful. The first thing you do is you take a step back, you revisit that your long-term priorities. These priorities should center on your goals or something is wrong to start with, but you take a look at your priorities. And thats step one. Step two is you remind everybody about these priorities and you remind everybody, hey, we keep doing these things. 20 years ago that was opening branches, because we were spreading across North America. Today, its executing on our growth drivers. Step three, you take a step back and you identify those things that are really, really important to your long-term success, but you pull back on that a bit. And you explain to everybody why and a good example is something that we were pulling back, back in late May, I sat down with Reyne Wisecup, our Head of HR; and Peter Guidinger, our Head of our Fastenal School Business and I said, you know, what we need to pull back expenses and we need to do it in a bunch of places. We need to pull back our instructor-led programs for the second-half of the year because we need to pull back the travel expenses, so if you are in an airline right now or a hotel in Winona, Minnesota or one of our distribution centers, you will lose some business in the next six months because we pulled back on -- we pull back about 40% of our online -- excuse me, our instructor-led trainings and the team didn't react with anger, didn't react with fear. They reacted with resiliency. Now maybe they had some fear in their stomach, maybe they had some anger in their stomach, but they didnt let that show and they immediately identified what some of the resources they would be freeing up, what could they do that help Fastenal in the short-term and long-term. They identified some courses they are going to develop because most of our courses are delivered online. There we identified an abrasives course, a metalworking course, a blueprint reading course, an ISO quality course. Several new courses relating to Lean and Six Sigma. Now my guess is there aren't anybody in this call thats signing up to take those courses, but theyre really important to our employees and to our customers, and that's something that you do when you do trade-offs and you pull back expenses in the short-term. Really important thing as an organization or individual, in the case of me that believes in education more. But in the short-term you pull back because we dont have the dollars to pay for it. Step four, you have to also identify those activities that don't support your long-term priorities or that quite frankly aren't really that necessary in the first place. Fortunately for us were pretty frugal. So, we don't have any of those, but we are human beings, so we -- you always develop some and those you just stop and you stop today. The third thing to do is you communicate this throughout the organization. You create normalcy in your organization. You remove fear and replace it with resiliency. And then step six, you repeat that communication to everybody, and you repeat it again and again and you build resiliency in the organization. Six really simple steps, but theyre really effective in a time when all of a sudden your business has slowed down and youre not sure how long. I took comfort we are market share, but the business has slowed down. Had a call with our Regional VPs at seven this morning, actually Holden did. I chimed in at the tail end of it. I talked to them about a number of things we're doing right. I also talked about on aspects of the quarter that dont fall in the normalcy where our execution faltered and gross margin is one that stands out. To be honest with you, last fall, we thought we had really good plan to address some of the inflation we were seeing, and there has been tariffs now in place on steel-based products for a year on fasteners since late last fall. So, we had a really good plan coming in the year how to approach it. I often encourage our team to think big about the business. Unfortunately, on that front I feel shy on where we were last fall. In that, we had a good plan coming into the year. We didnt have a great plan. And part of that where we faltered was the resiliency part. We didnt prepare our team for a bunch of things coming their way. We prepared them for that, that big wave coming in was tariffs that were direct. Thats an easy one to identify. Thats an easy one to go after. It's not easy to take it downstream no pun intended. But it is easier to go after. We also prepared them for some of the things that would be coming from our suppliers in the U.S that import product and resell it to us. Though it is not as easier to identify, but relatively easy; and I think on those two fronts we did a relatively good job. We realized in the process we were going to share some of it with our customers. We were going to share some of it with ourselves. We are a supply chain partner. Our customer is not a means to an end for us. Our customer -- we are not a business that just sells products and the customer goes away and we dont really care what they do with it. We are a supply chain partner and that's what we represent to our customer. Where we failed though is, there wasnt just a couple of waves coming in, there was once rip tides too. And those rip tides came from a bunch of different directions and we weren't ready for that. And as a result and Holden will touch on a little more detail about that, we lost some gross margin. To me thats a thing that stands out in this quarter that is troubling from the standpoint if the economy slows down, the economy slows down, the economy expands, the economy expands, you react to both. We did not execute on gross margin. And as a result, the statement I made to this group, I believe look back on the January call where I said, when I look at Fastenal and Im describing it to our folks internally when we were a $10 billion company, I believe a 46 gross margin is a reality that we can achieve. I believe a 24% operating expense is a reality we can achieve and we should aspire to an operating margin around 20%. I believed it then I believe it now. I didnt think I would be sitting here six months later talking to you about a quarter where we just put up gross margin thats 46 and change, 46.7 I believe is the number. And in that regard weve some work to do as we go into Q3. I will go to now the flipbook. The sales growth slowed about 8%. It's our first sub 10% reading in nine quarters. We continue to realize double-digit growth through vending and Onsites and to our National Account customers, our growth drivers, if you will. Our fourth growth driver construction, did weaken as we got deep into the quarter. Not exactly sure what's driving all of that at this time. But overall our activity in the end markets we serve slowed as we stepped into the quarter. I don't know if it continue to slow during the quarter, but it did slow as we stepped into the quarter and I will let Holden touch more on that in a few minutes. There were a few milestones in the quarter. And one that occurred right after the quarter that I will touch on as well. The first milestone was we installed our 100,000 -- thats a hard thing to say, vending device during the quarter. We have little over 85,000 vending machines now. We have another 15,000 that we lease to some customers where they use them for second check out, so 100,000 of them out there. I like to personally thank Oshkosh Corp and specifically their Pierce Manufacturing facility in Appleton, Wisconsin. They were an early adopter, I should say an early guinea pig, with our vending program back 11, 12 years ago continued to have a great relationship with that organization and they added machine number 100,000 in early June. And had the opportunity to go over there and thank them in person. It worked out really well because theyre based in Appleton, Wisconsin, my father-in-law Gus [ph], lives about 10 miles away in Neenah, so I had a -- I didnt need to get a hotel that night. But I had a chance to learn a lot about business and what they do is pretty special, they make fire trucks, a beautiful product. Late in the quarter we signed Onsite number 1,000. I think thats a big accomplishment. It took us quite a few years to get the branch number 1,000. It took us a lot less time to get Onsite 1,000. Im not at liberty to share with you the name of that customer right now. I believe were announcing in a day or two. We need to get all the formalities worked out, but I would like to thank them incognito for Onsite 1,000. I think were in a 1,026 right now. The third milestone occurred is not in the flipbook. But yesterday and it wasnt even in the quarter, yesterday our facility in Connecticut, Wallingford, Connecticut, Holo-Krome back in 2009, we acquired Holo-Krome. They were in a business -- a process of being shutdown. Within two years of the acquisition, we moved them from a 80-year old facility that was rather tired into a newly renovated facility. And -- but Holo-Krome manufacturing started back in 1929, kind of an odd year to start given what happened in the next decade. But they celebrated nine years of operation yesterday. My congratulations to the team at Holo-Krome. They have been a great addition to the Fastenal family. Price realization as Ive alluded to has been insufficient to fully offset the tariffs and general inflation were seeing. We are seeing in a bunch of fronts. Obviously, the direct impact of tariffs, but the indirect through companies we buy from some pass it on in different ways, some spread it across all products, some apply it strictly to tariff related products. Nonetheless, it's created a lot of supply chain inflation. In the short-term, weve not been able to realize the price to fully pass that along. Weve taken further price adjustments going into the third quarter. We will, as a supply chain partner, share some with our customer. We will absorb some of it, but we plan to call back the gross margin degradation that came beyond just customer mix in the current quarter. As a result, we struggle to obtain leverage. We did get operating expense leverage. The flipbook talks about that. The only disagreement I would have with the flipbook is thats looking at operating expense to sales growth. I think the operating expense to gross profit as the growth. And in that regard we did not lever, but I think the team did a good job of managing operating expenses in the second quarter. Were dialing down as we go into the third. On the next page, I dont need to read these all individually. What I can say as it relates to our growth drivers, the team did a great job, continuing to take market share. We just need to continue to do a great job on executing the business. With that, I will turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you and good morning. Before jumping in, I just want to remind everyone that on May 22 we split our stock two-for-one. Therefore any references and the materials to per share information such as EPS will reflect this action. Moving to Slide 5. Total sales were up 7.9%, which includes up 7% daily sales in June. Pricing in response to tariffs and general inflation contributed 72 to 100 basis point during the period. The lower range than what we saw in the first quarter that largely reflects the current period having to grow over last year's rising contribution from price. Sequentially, we believe price realization was stable. From a macro standpoint, it's clear that activity slowed. The Purchasing Managers' Index averaged 52.2 in the first quarter, which is still suggestive of a growing market, but well off the 56.9 level recorded as recently as -- as recently as the fourth quarter. Similarly, U.S industrial production in April and May was up 1.3%, which is well below the 3.7% growth that we experienced just in the fourth quarter of 2018. There's no panic in the market and the month-to-month cadence to the quarter was mostly steady, but sentiment has become more cautious. In terms of end markets, manufacturing was up 9.1%. Oil and gas remain soft and our heavy equipment categories also slowed. Construction was up 7.2% in the second quarter with larger customers outperforming smaller ones. From a product standpoint, fasteners were up 5.5%, with non-fasteners up 9.5%. Fasteners are the most cyclical of our product lines and we believe the relatively faster deceleration from 1Q to 2Q like to reflects the slower macro environment. From a customer standpoint, National Accounts were up 12.5% in the quarter with 72 of our top 100 accounts growing. Our non-National Account growth was less than 1% with roughly 59% of our branches growing in the second quarter. Our two quarters of quarterly growth averaged 12.9%, our current rate is clearly disappointing. Still ebbs and flows of the cycle aside the goal every day is to capture more market share of a fragmented industrial distribution market, judging by our out growth relative to industrial production we believe the Blue Team continue to execute its growth drivers effectively. Now to Slide 6. Our gross margin was 46.9% in the second quarter, down 180 basis points versus the second quarter of 2018, a larger decline than was expected. There were a handful of smaller drags, including the year to year comparison in transportation. But there were two primary factors behind the decline. First, customer and product mix. This remains an expected outcome of our success in driving market share gains through our current growth drivers. However, the greater deceleration in our higher-margin non-National Account customers, which grew less than 1% in the quarter serve to wide net mix drag, which was 80 to 90 basis points in the quarter. Second was a widening in our price cost deficit to an estimated 40 to 60 basis points. As Dan alluded to, initial steps to raise price to offset tariffs were effective as far as they went, but were not expansive enough in terms of the range of products covered or their ability to offset generalized inflation above and beyond and, frankly, catalyzed by the tariffs. We continue to pursue a range of actions to mitigate these effects including a broader price increase that we've already instituted in the third quarter. Broadening our sales streams and realizing the incremental benefits of the pricing that recently introduced should improve our gross margin performance in the second-half. Our operating margin was 20.1% in the second quarter of '19, down 110 basis points year-over-year. We leveraged operating expenses despite the slowdown in sales growth, but not sufficiently to overcome the lower gross margin. Looking at the pieces, we achieved 20 basis points of leverage over employee related costs, which were up 6.8%. This growth was largely due to a 6.6% increase in absolute and FTE growth in the period. We realized 25 basis points of leverage over occupancy related costs, which were up 2.5%, comprised of higher vending expenses as we expand the installed base and flattish occupancy expenses. We generated 20 basis points of leverage over other operating and administrative expenses, which were actually down slightly in the period. In light of the slower top line growth, we will seek to reduce our own spending. We will continue to add resources as necessary to finance our growth drivers and support our ability to take market share, but cost and investments that do not support those growth drivers will be more tightly managed. Putting it all together, we reported second quarter '19 EPS of $0.36, which was down 3.2% from the $0.37 in the second quarter of '18. Recall, however, that last year's quarter did benefit by two pennies from a one-time tax gain if we adjust this out, our EPS were up 1.5% in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 7. Looking at the cash flow statement. We generated $128 million in operating cash in the second quarter, which was 63% of net income. Remember the cash generation in the second quarters are typically seasonally lower. The conversion rate in the current quarters below last year's 72%, the last year we would have been close to 66% absent one-time benefits deriving from the Tax Act. Overall, we view the current quarter's conversion rate to be consistent with the typical 2Q conversion rate. Net capital spending in the second quarter was $67 million, up from $25 million in the second quarter of 2018, but consistent with our expectations. This reflects investments in hub property and equipment and vehicles that are necessary to support our high levels of service as well as investments in vending equipment to support growth in our installed base. Our 2019 range for total net capital spending is unchanged between $195 million and $225 million with the same factors driving the second quarter increase impacting the full-year. We increased funds paid out in dividends by 16% to $123 million. We finished the quarter with debt at 16.6% of total capital above last year's 16%, but down sequentially and from year-end and at a level that we believe provides ample liquidity to invest in our business and pay our dividend. The working capital picture remains challenging. Inventories were up 15.7% in the second quarter, almost 40% of this increase relates to inventory added to support Onsites. We believe we can reduce overall inventory even while making these investments. And as a result began to reduce our overseas purchasing in the fourth quarter of 2018. This can be difficult to discern both because of the lag between such an action and its impacting our balance sheet and because of the slower sales growth this quarter, which lowered our inventory burn rate. However, we would expect these actions to become more visible to the second half of 2019. Our accounts receivable grew 11.7% in the second quarter. Customers continue to aggressively push payments out past quarter end and as a result of 2.9 day increase in our receivable days is unsatisfactory. Still, the rate of increase has moderated versus last year and there are signs that we are reacting more effectively to our customer's actions as its been the case in recent quarters we are not seeing any meaningful change in hard to collect balances. That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. So, a couple questions on gross margins to start here. So, first, what exactly is the issue with recapturing product inflation? I recall you thought youd recapture the 20-basis-point price cost deficit last quarter, this quarter, but it in fact got worse. So what exactly is going on?
Holden Lewis: The -- I mean, the goal coming into the year was to eliminate the price cost deficit that we had. The -- that was the goal the prior year as well, but we still wound up with one, and so it comes down to execution. And the issue was, we put in place a plan to address tariffs in particular and that resulted in our getting incremental price to offset those tariffs. What I think we underestimated Ryan was the degree to which there was general inflation in the marketplace, including general inflation that was being sort of caused and following on the tariffs that were going into place. And on top of that, the pricing improvements that we put in affected a significant amount of product within our overall portfolio, but didnt necessarily affect all of it. And we had assumed that we would get enough price to sort of make up for what we didn't address in terms of the product categories, but we didn't quite get there. Again, a lot of the reason for that is simply the incremental inflation above and beyond tariffs that we saw in the marketplace. So we looked at the situation, weve sort of evaluated the issues that were in place and weve taken additional pricing actions at the beginning of Q3, the end of Q2 really to address both the gap that we had for the inflation that we didn't build into the original expectations so to catch up, if you will, as well as the new tariffs that are beginning to come through the system that we will experience in our COGS and the -- in the latter half of the year.
Ryan Merkel: So just a follow-up, if I understood what you said correctly, it sounds like your systems aren't capturing inflation appropriately for you to be able to pass it on because you're not saying that youre -- youve been unable to pass on the price inflation to your customers or that theyre pushing back too hard? Am I hearing that right?
Holden Lewis: No, thats correct. The pricing that we put through, we captured. The -- what we didn't capture is the pricing that we didn't put through that we should have. And so the new pricing is intended to address the gap between what we did capture and the price increases that we've seen, and what -- and sort of what we didn't wind up putting through the first time around.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then presumably youve improved the systems and you have a better handle on what more inflation is coming. So how much price do you estimate youre going to need in the second half of '19, and maybe into 2020 to offset rising product inflation?
Daniel Florness: You know, I think we've looked at it and we're expecting -- we are putting into place a couple of percentage points of price.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And youre confident that will cover or at least offset most of the price cost deficit?
Daniel Florness: Yes, we are.
Ryan Merkel: Okay.Ill pass it on. Thanks.
Daniel Florness: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Hi, David. Good morning.
David Manthey: First question on gross margin. Holden, I think you gave some data on this, but could you just disaggregate the gross margin decline of 180 basis points into mix factors versus pricing factors? And then, along with that, Dan, Im wondering if you can address this, the 46%. Im wondering why is 46% a line in the sand when youre at 47% and change today and your gross margin has been declining, I don't know, 70, 80 basis points annually for the last 5 plus years. Can you talk about that issue as well?
Holden Lewis: I will handle the mechanical side of it first and then we will pass it over. But the mix piece was about an 80 to 90 basis point drag, which was probably about 20 basis points more than I would've expected, frankly. The price cost piece was a 40 to 60 basis point drag, which again was a widening versus what we saw in the first quarter. There was about a 20-basis-point drag from freight than there's a couple other sort of organizational elements that make up the difference.
David Manthey: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Florness: David, Id think about it this way. Think about it as it's a desired outcome. If we desire over the next $5 billion of growth to expand our operating margin, theres two ways to do it. Either you do it by how much you allow your gross margin to move or how much you allow your operating expense to move or force the operating expense to move. Could you make the math work by it going to 44% and operating expenses going to 22%, thats conceivable, but that's really difficult to do because you really have to -- youve to understand how much of your business is going to be going through our Onsite model versus our branch model, what our average branch is going to do. The old pathway to profit that we talked about years ago was really about as that branch population matures, it becomes much more profitable because you run away from a lag of fixed costs. And so, it's really a case of putting a line in the sand, tells your team because this is about a message for internal as much as its a message for external. It tells your team that if we want to be able to afford these things in the future, we have to clawback on this piece, this piece, this piece, and this piece. Sometimes thats clawing back on gross margin and some of price. Sometimes it's about cost, sometimes it's about mix. Sometimes, it's about how much freight you put on your own truck versus somebody else's, how much you charge for freight? It's looking at all those pieces and saying if we can be a $10 billion company at 46%, we can afford to be at 24 and hit 22. If we can't and that goes to 45% or 44%, which is conceivably possible. I mean, in January I talked about that. If -- then we either need to decide is 24 the number and we're willing to be at 20 or 21 or do we squeeze that down to 23 and 22. So, the line in the sand is more about the desired outcome and what youre going to challenge your business internally to do to achieve that outcome.
David Manthey: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks, Dan. I appreciate it.
Daniel Florness: And one thing I would also mention is recall when we sort of had that initial conversation about those aspirations, we also noted that the impact of mix and stuff might pull the margin down to 45% and then improvements we make in the business would actually add another 100 basis points or what have you now. Thats from $5 billion to $10 billion. Obviously, we haven't had the time to get that additional 100 basis points of improvement just from the things we do to improve our supply chain, right. So, when you think about the baseline, don't forget that always inherent in that guidance was the suggestion that over that period we would also make process improvements on our own business that would offset some of that mix drag.
David Manthey: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then just quickly on the SG&A. I think youve only been growing it at a 5% or 6% rate in the first half before youve taken any actions relative to the slowing market. But -- and obviously if things slowdown you will get a little natural flex in OpEx lower. Where can you take that set point in the back half of this year? I mean, are you prepping this for sort of mid single-digit top line and you can set that at 3% or can take it a flat, I dont know. I mean, youve done a good job to this point. I'm just wondering how much further you can work down on that?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I will answer it, Dave, in this context where my -- where our thinking is right now, based on what our business is doing right now. We are closing some branches every quarter. That frees up some expense every quarter. Based on our run rate were going to do about a 100 branches that we close. So that gives us some flexibility. There are some branches that we need to expand that existing footprint and expand the cost. But we are able to fund all that through the branches that were closing and some of our Onsites the customer might not have sufficient room and we might have a low-cost storage within a mile or two of our customer and while it's a lot cheaper than a branch it's still an expense. And so that's funding that piece and so our branch occupancy, onset occupancy, net net is not growing. That has been contracting slightly. The growth in occupancy is coming from the fact we put more vending machines out there. If you look at expenses, other operating -- other non-labor operating expenses that we've done a really nice job which is raining that in and we will -- we have some pieces -- triggers we are pulling right now, for example, the travel component, because we've reduced our training in the second half of the year. The real dollars is in labor if you think about our operating expenses. So there weve some flex points from the standpoint of how our incentive comp works, I can tell you that. The incentive comp for a number of folks within Fastenal is materially different in July of 2019 that was in July of 2018. And that -- what that does and youve described it aptly in the past as the shock absorbers, it gives us the luxury of not having to get crazy with expenses right today in the last 90 days, because youre not sure whats happening. And -- but we are pulling back headcount growth rapidly and because that expense can't be growing at 6% or 7% in an environment where sales are growing 8% and gross profits growing 4%. So that's really where youre going to see that the toggle because the other two components which are 30% of SG&A, those are managed really well and weve been managing the first one labor really well, but that was for a different environment and we need to change our tact.
Holden Lewis: Yes, if you think, David, our -- if you look at our headcount adds whether it be full-time or FTE, I mean theyre up 6.5% and just to zip back to May, go back one month and if I look at the absolute headcount it was up 7%, thats actually the highest rate of growth in our headcount that weve seen through this cycle, right? And so, obviously, we need to take that rate down and there's room to do so. Certainly outside of the selling functions we all need to look at sort of where we have opportunities to be more conservative, but even within the selling organization, we're going to continue to invest in people to support the Onsite growth. We need to do that because it drives our market share gains, but if you look at where headcounts are getting added, payrolls are getting added there, youre seeing growth outside of the Onsite environment as well, even in environment were closing some branches. And so whether it's in the selling organization outside of the Onsites to support growth or whether it's in the non-selling organization, we -- we're coming off a quarter where we had pretty good growth in heads thats simply that rate needs to come down given the reality of the growth in the marketplace and should be able to.
Daniel Florness: A good example over the last few years as we ramped up our Onsites, our implementation team that weve in the field, I believe we took the number over the last two years from about a 140-ish, 130-ish to about 230 to handle all these implementing of National Accounts and Onsite, so it's not just Onsite, but National Accounts in general. That team were not having to grow as rapidly now attracted it's relatively stable because were not going from signing Evian sites 280 to 300 to 400, we are kind of in that zone of around 400. We think thats a good cadence for our customers and for our business. So it doesnt require us to expand that group. So that group has been, I think were up 5% in the last 12 months. So it's things like that that we can do in the short-term.
David Manthey: Great color, guys. Thanks.
Daniel Florness: You bet.
Holden Lewis: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: Thanks for the detail. Just going back to the price increases and I think Holden you mentioned 2%. Is that across the whole boats or that be the non-National Accounts? And certainly the spirit of the question is, are you able to get price for National Accounts, so is that so contractually locked in at this point?
Holden Lewis: We are not looking at our business differently in that sense as it relates to the impact of cost increases and the price were putting in place, right? We can't go after the 50% of our business that is non-National Accounts and not address the 50% of the business that is National Account. Now National Account has certain mechanisms that are build into the contracts that that make that process perhaps a little bit more mechanical, but the intention is to work through that process and get price increases there where necessary as well because we are selling the same products into National Accounts as we are non-National Accounts and the costs are behaving the same. So we're not taking half of our business and setting it aside as we are not going to touch this. We can do that and be successful what were trying to achieve.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Daniel Florness: One thing I will just add for a little color is Holden cited an average. Average sometimes can be dangerous. We have -- if you think about China as an industrial producer, I believe 52% of the steel thats produced on the planet Earth is produced inside of China. I might be off of a point or two, but Im in the ballpark. Our fastener product, which is roughly a third of our business was made of steel. And a high percentage -- most of the -- theyre are the Holo-Kromes of the world, the company I started earlier, but they represent a minority of the fasteners that are consumed in North America. So most of the fasteners regardless of where youre getting them, I mean, who is the distributor or who is the importer, most of the fasteners on this planet are made in China. And weve moved some production out, actually we've moved. If you look at the amount we've moved in the last nine months out of China and compare it to what the U.S economy is moving, we've actually moved more than the U.S economy has, if you look at the statistics. And -- but the reality is even in a 10% or a 25% tariff environment, they oftentimes are still the lowest-cost producer of an item. And so there's -- while Holden like said, an average across a whole bunch of products, there's a lot of different parts in there. There's four lists of items that have been identified by the U.S government. List one and list two didnt really impact us that much. We dont import raw steel. List three hit last September, hit us quite hard and that list went from 10% to 25% here in the second quarter. That hits squarely into our fastener product. List four, nothing has happened yet, it's on hold. I dont know whats going to happen there. We do have products on list four and most of those will be in the non-fastener area. And so there are parts for were raising materially higher than 2% and there are parts were not touching. And -- but be mindful of that.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Holden Lewis: And as it relates to National Accounts versus non-National Accounts specifically, so yes, 2% is an average. Difficult to say whether National Accounts will be more or less given -- in any given quarter or what have you, but again the intention we're not setting aside 50% of our business and saying this is not something we think that we can impact. We think we can.
Nigel Coe: Understood. Understood. And then, Holden, very quickly, I mean, can you maybe just address the gross margin cadence over the balance of the year because we tend to have a seasonally lower gross margin in the second half versus first half 2Q. How does the price increase that youre implementing, how does that impact that normal seasonal pattern?
Holden Lewis: Yes, so the price increases are already -- have already been installed. So I would expect it would begin the season benefit in July and that we would see a greater benefit in August or September and then heading into the fourth quarter, right? So that will ramp up. The cost from the new tariffs, of course, were already behind on cost and generalize inflation, but costs from new tariffs would begin to impact us probably in the middle part of Q4. So think about that cadence on cost. If I think about the pieces that affected our gross margin this quarter, how that plays out. I -- seasonally, I think Q2 would typically be down, 10 to 20 basis points, maybe flat to down 20 basis points from Q2. So I think thats probably the typical seasonal pattern. But I think that some of the drag from freight, I think we might be able to get 10 basis points back from freight that we saw this quarter. I think that there may be a path to 40 basis points give or take on price cost in the third quarter. And when you lay that all out, I think that there's a path in the third quarter to have a gross margin, thats a little bit North of 47%, which would cut the 180 basis point drag we had this quarter and half. And I think that we can expect something like that, maybe a little bit less of a decline in the fourth quarter as well given the things that we're seeing. So thats kind of the cadence that that we see. Obviously, it relies on our executing effectively, which we expect. But should we do so, I think that there's the seasonality, then I think you add a little bit from price cost gain and you could add a little bit from freight gain.
Nigel Coe: All right. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Holden Lewis: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Maybe actually we just to pick up where youve left off there, Holden. So it sounds like you think you can kind of call back into the call it low to mid 47s on the gross margin, but then I think you also said that the impact of the new tariffs are going to start to you in the fourth quarter. So does that mean you need to go back then, again and get more price or will be then kind of start moving back down in the other direction there?
Holden Lewis: Well, first, I think what I said was a little -- I think what I said was a little over 47. I dont think Ive said mid 40s, first off. I will just throw off 
Robert Barry: [Indiscernible] 47.5.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I will just throw something in the latest round of tariffs came into play in the Q2. So there's product that were -- but in stuff that was on the water was not impacted, but if it hadn't shift it is impacted. So weve cost that are coming in right now that are from that latest wave. Some of those costs will turn in July and then updated piece will turn in August. A bigger piece returned September based on our faster inventory does turn at a certain cadence. But there's customer specific product that we might bring in that turns in 60 days. So the price moves were doing and the costs, while that comes in, in waves, we are putting in place, right now. And some will go in place in August, some will go in place in September, but theyre both moving now. It isnt the case of it. There's multiple waves. There is -- what the message Ive given to our team is were not doing a price increase on every part, you are doing some stuff every month based on whats happening in that month, working with your customer and their individual supply chain because keep in mind, a big piece of what we sell is stuff thats unique to a customer. Thats it, makes it more difficult to manage. Systematically and -- but our team can be response to locally.
Robert Barry: Right.
Daniel Florness: And then, when I talk about 40 or 50 basis points of clawback in the back half of the year. Im assuming you get both a little bit more price and a little bit more cost in Q4 versus where you are in Q3. So were -- thats how we see that playing out. I do think costs will be higher in Q3. There will be a little bit higher than Q4, but I think the price side of it will also escalate a little bit.
Robert Barry: Right. So given the mention of the waves, I mean, waves is the full impact of the list three at 25% volume to the P&L.
Daniel Florness: You start seeing the puller impact of it by the time you get into those middle part of Q4. Thats that.
Robert Barry: Got it. And then I guess just to circle back to an earlier question about achievability. I mean, given the slowing demand environment impacted, these are now much bigger numbers than 10%. I mean, whats the confidence on getting to price costs neutral or is that even the goal? Because I think you mentioned earlier planning to share some of the burden with the customers.
Holden Lewis: I don't believe getting cost price to be neutral is realistic. With that said, we have to work to get -- you have to work to get close of it and some of that as I said on prior calls, some involves having a challenging conversation with your customer, sometimes its price substitution. Sometimes it's looking and saying the cost of this is up, here's a different alternative thats a cheaper price to start with. For whatever reason, maybe it's a more standard product, maybe what the customers using is actually a nonstandard item and there is a more standard substitute. And Henry what requires in some cases some engineering support to get it approved for use in that process. Those are the challenging aspects, but thats in times like this, you cradle-more friction to create those challenges, because then it allows both Fastenal and our customer to win. Neither one of us takes the whole branch because you changed the math, but it takes a lot of work. And then bear in mind as well that while I think the environment today might be a little bit more challenging than it would have been six months ago. We also are better at executing this than we were the first time we did it. Weve learned more about the systems that we have, we made tweet to the systems that we have, so that fewer things, won't be covered in that sort of thing. So I think youre right that the environment perhaps is little bit more difficult and were through six months ago. I think that our knowledge of how to manage the process is also better. And so now we just need to go and execute it.
Robert Barry: All right. Thanks, guys.
Daniel Florness: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just want to follow-up on the deceleration you guys saw in non-resi in June. Holden any color or Holden or Dan, can any color on maybe some pockets or verticals there. Anything youve heard from the regions that may give little bit more of an indication how persistent that is versus maybe one bad month?
Holden Lewis: Not as much color as I wish I could give you. Our larger customers did pretty well. The customers that weve a lot of volume with, they tend to be National Accounts grew fairly well within the construction side. What did not grow as well was the smaller customer base. Now some of the RVPs commented about weather and things like that, but that was scattered. It wasnt a consensus by any means. And so, Im not sure exactly why that piece of the market was slower for us than was true of the larger customers, which I had more color for you. But I dont think Ive a lot.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then, just on the kind of, directionally some more National Account deceleration. I couldnt help but notice in the press release as well some comments around monitoring investment. How much of that is directed to National Accounts or Onsite programs versus the general concept of investment or cost containment. Just trying to think about if there's a trend to be had here on National Accounts as some of those dollars get caught.
Daniel Florness: Well, our intention is to continue to invest in those things that allow us to gain market share. We believe that we continue to gain market share in the marketplace that are pretty good clip. And thats ultimately the goal. The -- whatever happens in the market -- it happens in the market. But what we can control is how we -- how much we gain market share. And so our intension is with Onsites, we have all the staff on sites and were going to continue to add personal to be able to deliver that model to the customers that are entrusting more of their supply chain with us. With vending were going to continue to invest in what we need to pursue that 23,000 to 25,000 unit gold this year. So there was nothing in there that was intended to convey that we were going to be tighter on gross drivers, because were not. We need to invest in those to continue to gain market share. It's really resources outside of the growth drivers where we have to look at it, and we have to say, where can we save ourselves to some expense. And headcount was one thing that we talked about that. And again, I think I emphasized there that were going to continue to staff the Onsite. Thats not where we are going to be going after the headcount, but there's other areas whether it would be the hubs, whether it would be the branches, whether it would be the Winona headquarters, etcetera. There is when growth slows there's an opportunity to slow the rate of headcount in the areas like that. And those are types of things we need to look at, but when we talk about monitoring, investment monitoring spending, that really is more of a message outside of the growth drivers provided we're doing the right things on the growth drivers, by the way. If we find that we're doing something we need to in a growth level, we will address that as well. We are not looking to spend where we dont have to anywhere. But this is the real scrutiny has to occur outside of the growth drivers because we are not -- our goal is to gain market share and the growth drivers are key to that.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And I guess just a corollary to that inventory and thats coming in the release. Yes, I would imagine that given some of the advance purchases last year, they weren't much, but there were some and the cutting of purchases this year. Should we expect something to show up in terms of the rebate structure looking like a little bit more of a headwind than you would have contemplated before?
Daniel Florness: Well, the -- with regards to the inventory, I think we are sort of past that sort of accelerated purchase that we made in Q4. I think between Q4 and Q1 that kind of adjusted itself out. I think more meaningful for the inventory as you go into the second half of this year is our purchasing teams, our supply chain teams they really reduce their spend. Starting in Q3, Q4 last year through Q2 of this year and fairly meaningfully so because we have enough products in the hub today for the level demand that we're currently seeing and that allows us to be a little bit more cautious with that spend. And so we have seen a reduction in spend, particularly of imported products currently versus where we were three quarters ago, two quarters ago. And I think that will begin to flow through in lower inventory as we go through the third quarter and fourth quarter. Now interestingly rebates are actually a heavier component on domestic spend and they are in the imported spend. And so I would necessarily assume that a reduction in import is youre going to have a terribly dyer impact on the rebate piece. The rebate is going to be more affected by the domestic spend and right now weve really gone after that imported spend as much than anything else. Makes sense.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay, got it. Yes. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Uhlman: Hi. Good morning.
Daniel Florness: Hey, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Hey, Dan, you made an interest comment a little bit ago that the company has moved more suppliers out of China than the broader economy. I kind of missed what exactly you were getting at there. Could you just share with us in more detail kind of the actions that the company has taken on moving activity out of China? And then maybe to share with us today where do we stand and in terms of your total purchases that are coming out of that country.
Daniel Florness: Yes, I prefer not to get into specifics from a standpoint of percentages, just from the standpoint. And Id honestly want to share that information publicly, and thats for competitive reasons, quite frankly. But we always have multiple sources of supply for product. In the case of fasteners and non-fasteners they include a variety of suppliers and sometimes that can include a variety of countries, but the universe of countries is not that large, but the university supplier is quite large. And you do that because our covenant with our customers will have product available for them when they needed. And the other reason to have it is you -- the one challenging thing from the standpoint of how many you have and how fast you can move it, it's not only due, it have tail, confidence in your supply, you need to have conference and your quality of supply. Because at the end of the day we're selling a product that hold stuff together or is used by people. Half of our revenue is either a fastener or a safety item. And so you have a important quality consideration in all the products, but especially in those. And -- but if you look at the statistics and the statistics are out there for me to look at. The mono product that has been resourced. As far as whats coming through and as measured by U.S customs. The percentage thats been resourced is actually fairly small. And a lot of it is, there's sophisticated supply chains out there that are difficult to change that has been set up not in the last five years, but in the last 25 years. In the case of us, where we head a cost ability early on. The other challenging thing is we might have the resource to supply, they might be 20% more expensive, in different places. You dont move the 5%. The 5% stuff you move, if you can, and you try to get ahead of everybody else, we what to do the same thing when there is tariffs at 10%. But the 12% you might not or you might, depending on what you think is going to happen next. And so we moved on some of that fairly aggressively last -- late last fall. And so we moved a chunk of our product out of China. Most of that, that we moved went to other Asian countries, Taiwan primarily and so there's inflation introduced because of that because youre probably buying it for more, but youre paying less or equal to the tariff. And it's really because of the supply chain relationship we have for our customer. But percentage wise, weve moved more than what the U.S economy has looking at import data.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. And then a clarification. You had mentioned that the incentive comp was reduced a lot, and Im just wondering if that came through the P&L in the second quarter or if thats the third quarter event and if it was material for the quarter? Thanks.
Daniel Florness: It would have come through on the second quarter. It's a piece of the equation, because if you think about whats going on with labor expense, there's two dynamics there. I mean, one is the sheer headcount -- or three dynamics. One is the sheer headcount growth. The other is there's inflation, particularly in the part-time areas, but there's inflation in general, in payrolls across the U.S economy because we have very low unemployment. And so those two dynamics are adding or pushing it up this actually pulled it down a little bit, yes.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no additional questions. Would you like to make some closing comments, Mr. Florness?
Daniel Florness: Just want to thank everybody for the time this morning and hope you found this call and our disclosures useful and understanding whats happening in our business selling into industrial in North America and the rest of planet. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to Ms. Ellen Stolts. You may begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2019 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. Im going to  before I step into Holdens flipbook, just going to touch on a few comments that I had with our leadership in our normal call at 7 oclock this morning to talk about the quarter to give them a little insight about some things well be focusing on in the call as well as just some off-the-cuff comments I made to them. My first comment to them this morning was a sincere thank you for a job well done. I think, this is a really nice start to the year and Im pleased with the performance were seeing across our business units throughout the planet and a very positive start to the year. Also mentioned to them about the challenge that comes when you get into the  a multi-year improvement in business. So, when I think back to stepping into this role back in 2000  late in 2015, weve had a tough year. The economy had not been our friend that year. And when youre exposed to the industrial marketplace and it flips on you, it can cause some pain in the short-term, but we kept focusing on what we focused on, thats our customer. We kept focusing on things to make our business better, and we really started the transition to a much more focused approach on some of our growth drivers, particularly breathing some new life into vending and challenging ourselves to look at Onsites as a  as not a solution when theres not an alternative, but as a means to grow faster and a new growth driver within our business because its a wonderful way to extend what is the traditional Fastenal relationship, but lower your cost structure at the same time, and . And I hope these numbers are all correct. I havent proofed them through our screening process. This is just me jotting down some numbers. But what I shared with them was, if I stack together multiple years, five of the last seven months, if I look at it taking three years added together and again I hope I calculated it correctly, I believe five of the last seven months, weve been 30%-plus when you look at the cumulative impact of the last three years. And November and January, the only two months that didnt break that 30% and they were at 29%, so a good number. And I believe for the last 14 months, if you looked at that on a two-year basis and combined year one and year two growth, youre at a number that starts with two, so north of 20%. But since August, I believe that number is north of 25%. So not only are we  do we have great local plans to engage with our customer and grow our business, but were able to stack that on top of some comps that are frankly challenging and really pleased with what the group is doing, and were really proud of the group and proud to be associated with them. The  I also shared with them one of the blessings and curses of the Internet age is, its easy for people to make comments. Sometimes you read through a newspaper and some of the comments you see youre kind of like boy, that person just seems angry about something. Its not this article, but theyre just angry or you can tell that persons, maybe political view is driving their commentary theyre putting into an article. But at 10 oclock last night, I was reading a comment that came in from a customer. And every comment that comes into Fastenal, Im on an e-mail distribution list, and I read through them. Sometimes I do it late at night before I go to bed. Sometimes I do it early in the morning. And Im reading one last night, it was a fellow, he said, Im an older gentleman and Im 61 years old. That pained me a little bit, because Im 55. And I hear somebody at 61 refers themselves that old was a little troubling, but thats a different issue. But this individual was talking about where our branch, San Antonio, Texas branch, but where our branch went above and beyond the call and really helped him solve a problem. And I floated it out to our regional leadership last night, and I said, you know, what folks, this is what were about. Were about solving peoples problems, because in todays world, sometimes its hard to find people to help you solve the problem. And it was a fun one to share, because sometimes you get in a few here and there that arent as positive and you assess them to understand what we can do to be better. But now Ill flip the Holdens book here. We grew 6  we had 68%  $0.68 of earnings, nice start there, almost 12% earnings per share growth, bottom line is we grew our earnings faster than our sales. And thats not an easy act in a quarter where weather was very impactful and with one less selling day, we  were in a situation of  with $20 million a day in revenue, theres chunk of revenue or chunk of gross profit dollars that arent there, but the expenses typically are, so to pull off what we did when were down a day is a pretty positive thing. Despite the challenging weather, our demand continued to be healthy. Our daily sales growth was 12.2% in the quarter, and I think as Holden said, well 2019 has started where 2018 left off. Operating margin expanded 20 basis points and our incremental margin was 21.7. As weve talked about in prior calls, our growth drivers are changing the mix of our business. If were successful with it, its going to pull gross margins down. If were successful with it, we should be able to leverage our operating expenses, and it should result in a great win for our customer, for our employee, for our supplier, and for you our shareholders, and I think you saw that in the first quarter here. But sequentially, we did hold gross margin flat, which was really a sign of some of the price increases we put in late last year in the wake of tariffs and inflations allowed us a little breathing room in the short-term, but Holden will touch on that a little bit more in his comments. Weve talked about this in the past. Our business as it continues to grow with larger customers and with international customers, sometimes we get caught in a situation where you have a customer thats doing some window dressing at the end of a year, end of a quarter, and they frankly stop paying with two, three, four weeks left in the quarter, and it makes for a challenging situation. Our solution here is to constantly be engaged in discussion with our customer about our value proposition to you is a better supply chain. We take inventory off your balance sheet, dont do this to us at the end of the quarter, because what it ultimately does, it puts us in a position where we cant fund inventory, because theres trade-offs. If we know if were going to have an extra $5 million of receivable, we have to squeeze that somewhere else and that doesnt serve our customer and we need to be engaged in that dialogue and challenge. If you want to do window dressing, do it with somebody elses payable, not with ours. And  but we did produce a stronger cash flow in the quarter and allowed us to pay a higher dividend and reduced that a little bit. Onsite, I remember when  years ago when we did CSP, and we really went through a change in our branch network. And  but at some point in time, we stopped talking about CSP, because CSP became part of us. Now were going to keep talking about Onsite from the standpoint of sharing with you our location count and our penetration in the market and where were finding success. But I  but were going to break a 1,000 Onsite sometime here in the second quarter. I guess, thats a forward-looking statement, but one Im pretty safe in saying. But its truly part of Fastenal. We have Onsites throughout our region, throughout our districts. And so its not something were experimenting with or pushing people to change or even pushing customers to consider and change. Were doing all that, but were doing that from a base of knowledge similar to a  not too many years ago, when we were talking to the industry about vending machines. But on Onsites, our goals are pretty simple this year. Lets sign 375 to 400. Theres 52 weeks in the year. You got to take out a couple of those weeks, because its the holidays and they are not a lot happens those weeks. But if we can do eight signings per week and do it 50 weeks of the year, thats 400. And so in the first quarter, we got up to a really nice start. We hit that number and we signed 105, so very pleased. Our sales growth removing the transferred sales. So if I have an existing customer when we go Onsite, we probably pull some revenue out of a branch and move it over there. But ignoring that, that business is growing north of 20%, really pleased with what the team is doing. On vending, our goal is to do 23,000 to 25,000, so theres 254 business days in the year. We need it  we need to sign roughly 100 every day to get at the high-end of that number. If we sign 90 everyday, were at the low-end of that number. We were just shy of 90 in the first quarter, but in the month of March, we rounded up to 100. We were at 99.6 per day. So we  were off to, I think, a nice start. And again, its just part of our extension into our customers facilities. Speaking of vending, I had a new experience yesterday. So one of the things that weve struggled with is, weve had a member a few years ago at an Investor Day talked about the idea of having outdoor lockers or having lockers, where we can do deliveries into. Frankly, we struggled to make the technology easy to use. And so we didnt get really much traction with it, and we have very few branches that have outdoor lockers. We have now built the interface between our point-of-sale system in our vending platform, which is a third-party software. And yesterday morning, I ordered something. We had turned on our Winona branch on Monday. So yesterday morning I ordered something. I immediately had a confirmation of that order. And a couple of hours later, I got an e-mail, you order is ready to pick up. And I went over and I punched in my six digit code and I pulled a  an item out of the locker. It was a really easy and seamless transaction. Now that doesnt mean were going to be getting into the retail business anytime soon. But if I think of our Onsites, if I think of our customers that need something and they want to get in and out quickly, or they are coming in after hours, it provides a great extension of our  of the hours of our day and our ability to serve our customers. And Im really excited about what that means, but really also proud of our technology team for developing that and it worked really easily. And Ive gotten in the habit in recent months of buying a lot of stuff online. And one of the companies Im really impressed with, and I buy from them once a week to understand what theyre changing and I keep bringing comments to our folks as a result. I dont know any of you have ever bought on Walmart online. They do a really nice job. Now again, were not a retailer, but making it easy and making it efficient for your customer is an important part of the equation and we finally have that working. National accounts grew 17% in the first quarter. The team continues do a great job of making promises to customers in our branch and an Onsite network of  along with everybody else that supports them does a great job of honoring those promises. So good quarter. Outside the U.S., exchange rate is a full right now. International is about 14% of our revenue, and we grew in the mid-teens, I believe the number was about 17%, and so continued to be really impressed with our teams there and our ability to extend the U.S. and Canadian relationships broadly around the planet. So excellent job to the team. With that, Im going to turn over to Holden. But before I do that, when I read through his notes, one thing jumped out at me and that was the PMI at 55.4. And I almost  when I read stuff or even read his notes, it almost felt like that was kind of an eee number. And Ive been here for 23 years, and Ive never thought of 55.4 as an eee number, and I have seen that in some of the external reporting. So were seeing a good tone in the marketplace. Holden is going to touch on some oil and gas concerns. And being a farm kid, I know the agricultural side has had some tough time in the last year with commodity prices and Im sure therell be some weakness there, but were pretty bullish on what were seeing. Holden?
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you very much. Good morning. So lets just jump on to Slide 5. Total sales, as Dan indicated, were up 10.4%. There was one fewer sales day in the first quarter versus last years. On a same days basis, sales were up 12.2%. We estimate the severe weather in the Northern U.S. and Central Canada reduced sales by between 60 and 90 basis points. Though remember, last year there was a weather issue as well, so net of last years weather impact. The total effect is probably 20 to 30 basis points. In March, our daily sales growth was 12.7%. Pricing in response to tariffs and general inflation contributed 90 to 120 basis points in the period. This is below the level of the fourth quarter of 2018, but incremental progress is being masked by the current  in the current period by having to grow over the price increases that began to benefit last years 1Q. We do look at it and believe that sequentially our price realize  realization was slightly higher. From a macro standpoint, as Dan said, the PMI averaged 55.4 in the first quarter of 2019. This is the lowest level in nine quarters, which is what is getting a lot of the print, but it does still constitute a healthy level as reflected in continued low to mid single-digit growth in industrial production. Relatedly, our manufacturing end markets were up 13.4%, with recent trends remaining in force. Most sub verticals that we track are healthy. The main exception being oil and gas, which remain soft. Construction was up 13.1% in the first quarter of 2019. The January comparison was easy, but February and March also continue to grow double digits as a result of healthy markets and strong internal selling energy. From a product standpoint, on a daily sales basis, fasteners were up 11.8% and non-fasteners were up 12.7%. In March, fasteners outgrew non-fasteners. Fastener growth has been sustained at high levels, while safety growth moderated to a mid-teens rate following what were two years of 20%-plus of growth in that product vertical. This has served to narrow the growth gap between fasteners and other products. But overall, we remain pleased with the growth of our main product categories. From a customer standpoint, national accounts were up 16.9% in the quarter, with 81 of our top 100 accounts growing. Growth to non-national accounts was mid single digits, nearly 65% of our branches grew in the first quarter. In terms of market tone, regional leadership remains constructive on demand with the caution that was evident last November largely gone. The exception, as I mentioned, was oil and gas. We havent seen the weakness in that market deepen, but we have seen it broaden across more of our regions. Still on the whole, 2019 seems to be starting much as 2018 finished. Now to Slide 6. Our gross margin was 47.7% in the first quarter of 2019, down 100 basis points from first quarter of 2018, but flat on a sequential basis something we havent seen since the first quarter of 2015. On a year-over-year basis, the familiar variables played out. Customer and product mix pulled the margin down, which is expected given that the national accounts and Onsite continue to drive our growth. Trade remained a drag though not to the same degree we experienced in 2018. Net rebates were a slight negative as well as a result of efforts to limit inventory growth. Our price cost deficit in the first quarter of 2019 was 20 basis points, which is half of the deficit that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2018 as a result of incremental progress with pricing in the period to address inflation and tariffs. We expect to make further progress towards eliminating this deficit in the second quarter of 2019 and over the course of the full-year. Our operating margin was 20% in the first quarter 2019, up 20 basis points year-over-year. Continued healthy growth drove a 110 basis points of cost leverage and generated an incremental margin of 21.7%. Looking at the pieces. We achieved 60 basis points of leverage over employee-related costs, which were up 7.1%. This leverage was generated, because FTE headcount growth lag sales at up 6.2% and due to our incentive compensation growing at a healthy, but moderated level versus last year. Occupancy-related costs were up 2.3%, generating 35 basis points of leverage, a decline in branch expense as we continue to rationalize sites and only modest increases in non-branch occupancy costs mitigated what was double-digit growth in vending costs as we continue to expand the installed base. We generated 20 basis points of leverage over other operating administrative expenses. The benefits of higher sales on this line was partly offset by a relatively active quarter for legal settlements and a large net debt write-off. These generated probably $2 million to $2.5 million more in cost in this period than we would have otherwise expected. As described in the past, success with our growth drivers is likely to reduce gross margin over time, but also provides the platform and volume that generates good operating expense leverage. That played out in the first quarter of 2019, and we expect it to continue to play out over time. So putting it all together, we reported first quarter 2019 EPS of $0.68 versus $0.61 in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 11.9%. Turning to Slide 7. Before jumping into the numbers, I just wanted to call your attention, a change in our balance sheet. This quarter, we adopted FASBs new standard for accounting for leases, which requires us to move operating leases on to the balance sheet. Youll see these values on separate lines identified as right of use assets and current long-term liabilities. The impact of adopting this standard on our income statement and cash flow was immaterial. Now looking at the cash flow statement. We generated $205 million in operating cash in the first quarter 2019, or 106% of net income. This remains below the historical rates of conversion that we have experienced in first quarters, but is meaningfully above last years 92% figure. The challenge remains working capital, which Ill cover in a moment. Net capital spending in the first quarter was $53 million, up from $29 million in the first quarter 2018. But consistent with expectations, this reflects investments in hub property and equipment that are necessary to support our high service levels, as well as investments in vending equipment to support growth in our installed base. Our 2018 range for total net capital spending is unchanged between $195 million and $225 million to invest in hub property and equipment and vehicles to support our growth and vending devices to support our rising success in this initiative. We increased funds paid out in dividends by 16% to $123 million and reduced debt. We finished the quarter with debt at 16.9% of total capital above last years 15.7%, but down sequentially and at a level that we believe provides ample liquidity to invest in our business and pay our dividend. The working capital picture remains challenging, but improved. Inventories were up 14% in the first quarter of 2019, with days on hand flat year-over-year. We continue to experience inflationary pressure on our inventories. However, during the period, we worked off the foreign sourced inventory that was accelerated into the U.S. in the fourth quarter 2018 and advanced several initiatives aimed at making us more efficient with inventory. AR grew 15.2% in the first quarter of 2019, with customers continuing to aggressively push payments out past quarter-end. As has been the case in past quarters, we are not seeing any meaningful change in hard-to-collect balances. Reducing these annual growth rates will be an area on which to improve over the balance of the year. That is all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, well take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Barry of Buckingham. Your line is open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys, good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Congrats solid start to the year.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Robert Barry: So, you mentioned in the slide deck that reminded us that Good Friday is in April this year versus in March last year. How much did that impact the March number? And adjusting for that is your read that things may be decelerated a little bit in March?
Holden Lewis: Yes. So, I think its difficult to really burrow into what that number meant. I mean, last year, Good Friday felt on  fell on the last day of the month and it fell on a Friday. And so we have a lot of sort of month-end payments coming through. So was there a modest impact as a result of the timing of the holidays in the month, there probably was. But look, I guess, the perspective that I would give to you, Rob, is this, if were going to try to parse out the impact of a holiday, the impact of a  of days in the month, et cetera, we also should probably be talking about variables such as foreign exchange and weather and all these other things that impact our month. And if I look at  if I try to adjust for all of these things, the fact is the growth that we experienced in the first quarter, if I adjust for acquisitions over the past 22 months, if I adjust for foreign exchange, if I adjust for weather events that we call out, we grew north of 13% adjusting for all of those things. If I look at the six-month growth rate, it was a little over 13%. If I look at the 12-month growth rate, it was a little over 13%. So the question that youre trying to get at, at the end of the day is, if you take out one piece, does that suggest that were growing more slowly? And the answer I would give you is, thats not what were experiencing in the market through March. I would say that if you try to adjust for all the pieces, our growth rate has been remarkably stable at a fairly high level. And I think that with the exception of oil and gas, its reflective of a business environment that remains fairly healthy through March. So thats probably how Id characterize it. So no, I think, youre right. But lets not lose sight of the fact that foreign exchange was as big of a drag on this quarter as weve seen since we began to grow. Theres a lot of moving pieces that go into it, but generally speaking, the environment feels healthy to us.
Daniel Florness: Rob, I want to throw a little add on, Holdens dead on right. And he comes at it, I can always tell, he worked in your world for many years. He thinks about stuff. I enjoy our conversations because he thinks about things fundamentally different. My answer probably would have been a little briefer, Rob. I probably have said, "You know what? I honestly dont know." If I ask 10 people, I would get 14 answers. Historically, internally, Ive always said to our team, you know what, when we pick up a day or lose a day or Good Friday comes into play, I usually throw in the joke that Easter is on a Sunday this year and a Good Friday is on Friday. But Ive always had in my head, its probably half a point. And when Holden asked me earlier about this question, I said, yeah, I said it helped us. Weather hurt us. This morning, my kids are at home driving my dog is crazy, because we have a snowstorm in Winona, and it was thunder and lightning all night long. Weather impacted us. Good Friday impacted us. Good Friday will hurt us here in April. And if I were to put a number on it, probably 0.5%. But your underlying question is, did the tone change, and I honestly dont think it did.
Robert Barry: All right, great. I guess, my other question was just on seeing the FTEs grow just over six and kind of looking at data from the BLF, it looks like wage inflation in manufacturing is running 2%, 3%. So to see your employee-related expense up only 7, seems like a pretty noteworthy performance. And I was just wondering if you can comment on kind of whats driving that and kind of how sustainable you think the ability to kind of leverage that line at this level is as we kind of look out over the next several quarters?
Daniel Florness: Ill chime in on that and Holden can add some nuance and some things that I might not be sharing or appreciating. And if you think of what was going on the last couple of years, we were seeing massive inflation in our numbers, not because of the marketplace, but because of our performance. We pay a lot of incentive comp, and so this morning as an example, I was talking  when I was  when we were talking to the RVPs, our Regional Vice Presidents, one of the things I said to them, I said, Hey folks, congratulations on a nice first quarter. But I gave them a little bit of a cautious tone going in the second quarter. I said Second quarter this year is our most challenging year from a comp stand from a comparison standpoint and earnings, the incremental margin standpoint. Because last year in the first quarter, we grew our earnings, I believe, it was. $21 million. And then from Q1 to Q2 that number  that earnings growth number went to $30 million. And so our incentive comp expanded dramatically. And if you look in our proxy, you could see from a leadership standpoint and that proportion works out throughout the organization. We pay off earnings growth. And so, I gave them a caution for Q2. But an answer to your question, are we seeing underlying inflation in labor rates if I think people that are working in our distribution centers that are throughout the organization, yes, were seeing inflation rates of the economy. One of the thing thats masking a bit right now is the fact that our incentive comp isnt expanding at the pace it was the last couple of years, and thats why our incremental margin is shining through things we talked about in the past. But it gives a buffer, and one of your peers described it really well years ago when he talked about the shock absorbers in our system. When were getting great earnings growth, we share a chunk up with our employees and we take the little leverage out in a weaker environment, everybody steps up to the plate and loses a little bit of pay, because the incentive comp contracts. And so thats part of the dynamic youre going on there is, yes, is there underlying inflation in wage rates? Yes. Were employing the same base of people everybody else is from the standpoint, where we draw from. But our incentive comp is at a high watermark a year ago and its at a high watermark now, but incrementally its not growing the same way.
Holden Lewis: Thats right. And  but yes, Rob, there definitely was a little bit of inflation as it relates to just sort of our base pay to our full timers and our part timers. But when you marry that up with the increase that we had in FTEs and headcount, we were still able to leverage that piece of our business. And then what do you throw on top of that that the incentive pay piece, we actually didnt leverage that, because the good news is, were growing like were growing. Incentive pay is a big piece that shock absorber, if you will, when were growing. We didnt leverage the incentive pay, because were  the folks are driving our business are being fairly successful. But that dynamic has been in place. I would expect a very similar dynamic going forward. Well continue to expand our headcount. Well probably could see some wage inflation in the market thats out there today. But this isnt the first quarter that dynamics has been in place. It existed for much or all of last year as well. And I think that the first quarter labor dynamics are very similar to what we experienced all last year, too. And I would anticipate experiencing much of the rest of this year as well. If we grow double digits, we should be able to leverage that.
Robert Barry: Got it. All right. Ill pass it on. Thanks, guys.
Daniel Florness: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Evelyn Chow with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Evelyn Chow: Hi, good morning, Dan and Holden. Maybe just starting on price realization this quarter, fantastic job and encouraging to see that price cost gap narrow. I noticed on pricing specifically. I think your comps on a standalone basis continue to get even harder throughout the year. So would it be your expectation that though the price cost gap turns positive, the actual standalone pricing level maybe is  at its highest point in 1Q?
Holden Lewis: Well, youre right that in 1Q what began to happen relative to 4Q was that, we had to grow over price increases that we put in essentially at the beginning of last year. And well have that dynamic in Q2, Q3, Q4 as well, where well have to grow with our same price increases. And in Q2, they probably got a little bit better. So, from a sequential standpoint, would I expect the fact that we grew pricing at 1%, little better than 1% in the quarter. Do I expect that necessarily to meaningfully increase? Perhaps not given the comps. But all that said, we do believe that there is incremental sequential pricing to be had in the business over the next  certainly, over the next quarter or two, as we continue to adjust to what the marketplace  to the marketplace realities. And regardless of what sort of the year-over-year comp number looks like, as I said, I still believe there is opportunity for us to be constructive on pricing sequentially in the next quarter or two, and that should allow us to continue to mitigate and eliminate the deficit. So, I think what youre describing is kind of a comp issue and I get it. But I think, if you get the substance of the matter, I dont see our ability to pursue prices being worse today than it was in first quarter. And I dont see our ability to narrow that deficit on price cost as being any more difficult today than it was in the first quarter or fourth quarter. So I guess, hopefully that answers the question, Evelyn.
Evelyn Chow: Thats very helpful, Holden. And then maybe just on Onsites. Obviously, nice to see the pace of signings and the continued commitment there. I noticed you called out you had 66 activations and 15 closures this quarter. So is that about the level of attrition you would expect going forward?
Holden Lewis: Attrition regarding the closures youre talking about?
Evelyn Chow: Yes, exactly.
Holden Lewis: So it does a little bit higher this quarter than what we typically see. We will typically see some attrition, right? Looking into the reason behind those 15 closures, there was nothing unusual there. I would say that about half of them were simply because a plant closed or moved. I think that there was probably an equal number where frankly, we went Onsite. We didnt get the kind of revenue that we anticipated getting. So we decided to leave or their business was off right, or their business was off. But one way or the other what made sense at the time didnt make sense today. And so we closed up that Onsite and well service them from the branches we always have. And theres, I think, there might be one or two in there, where maybe we didnt deliver the performance we told them we would or another competitor sort of made some inroads and we left. And  but those things do happen every quarter. It was a little bit higher this quarter than normal. But I dont see that as a trend necessarily, and we didnt see any unusual reasons for the number, seem to be the usual stuff.
Daniel Florness: The  Ill just throw a little tidbit in there and Ill use vending as my example. When we started vending and it really was ramping up by six, seven years ago. We didnt know what type of attrition there, because theres a new industry. And what we found when we got into 2014 and 2015, that a lot of those machines that we had signed in 2011 and 2012 and 2013 were extremely successful. But there was a handful that we signed that were just either, oops, maybe we shouldnt put this one in there. And we were pulling out on going to a given year. I looked at what we had for installed base and we were pulling out about, and I dont step in front of you, but my recollection is about 15% a year. But when we really look at the underlying data, we saw that five of those  probably a third of those were ones where you know what, we need to continue to get better at how we make it easy for our branches to serve these machines, because we thought we could lower that number 10. What weve done in the last three years is, weve lowered that number to about 11. And we think we still believe we can get it to 10, so if we have 80,000 machines out there and tell me were probably going to pull out in a good year 8,000 and less than a good year 9,000 or 10,000. And the bottom line is, we think a reasonable proposition, because it helps us grow faster. In Onsite, if I look at historically, we pull out about 10 a year, but we had 200 of them. And so we didnt really know what it would be and we still dont frankly know, because its still a newer animal. But signing those Onsites, we want to be mindful. Were really cautious about where we do it and where we dont do it, because its more expensive to pull out an Onsite than it id to pull out a vending machine. But I love the fact that were engaging with our customers and growing faster. But its going to take sometime to figure out what that number is. When were at 1,000 Onsites, how many do we pull out a year, because either the customer closed its facility or  I mean, the customer gets acquired, and acquiring company doesnt use Fastenal. There are few of those out there and were trying to reduce that number every day.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And then with regards to the new actives, new actives is a little bit lower in the quarter. We would expect to have a greater rate of active growth as you go through the rest of the year.
Evelyn Chow: All right. Well, thanks, again, for the time today, guys.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Evelyn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Hey, guys, good morning. First off, could you talk about the cost structure of the business today? Im wondering if you think that the model is more or less variable than it was 10 years ago in terms of costs getting  what Im getting at here is if growth does moderate slightly, are you still going to be able to sustain 20% contribution margins in that environment?
Holden Lewis: The first in your underlying, when I think back to a decade ago when we started what we call the pathway to profit. One of the things that we were truly doing is, we were slowly making the model more variable in that by not opening branches as fast. That added to the fixed cost infrastructure of the business. Were making it more variable. One of the things that hurt our ability to leverage as we kind of picking up is, a, I personally felt, we needed to make some additional investments and some people resources to support Onsite to our vending, but also we made significant advancements in our infrastructure to do great things from a technology standpoint and we talked about those dollars that we are willing to spend and consume some of the leverage. But also the variable nature consume some of the leverage and incentive comp is a good example. To the extent were talking about incentive comp and the people energy. The model is more variable today than it was in the past. The question about incremental margin really becomes challenging in the short-term, because it really falls back to how much do you want to dial back on certain growth drivers. Because the deleverage comes from  if we were to branch out, theyre doing 200,000 and that market softens and they go to 180. Thats a painful downhill, because thats a highly profitable branch thats levered like crazy and there its going to delever and its not very and its more fixed than variable. The incentive comp piece obviously comes into play. So its probably a long  not very  a long, long answer to your question, Dave, but it depends on the timeframe. In the short-term, we could  incentive comp pulls back automatically and youre the one that use the historical reference of the shock absorbers, which I think is a great descriptor. And in the shorter-term, its not as difficult. In the longer-term, it really comes down to do you want to start cutting away on some of the flesh when the economy we sell into is huge. The opportunity is huge, but our installed base has contracted, because we have all these customer spend, but their spend is down 20%. And so what makes it really challenging to do that, because Im a firm believer. Im more interested in the going after the $100 billion-plus market than Im about reigning everything in, in the short-term.
David Manthey: Yes. Okay. Sounds like different, but its still manageable, so thats fair. second question. In previous quarters, youve talked about the customer conversations youre having around tariff-related price increases. And Holden, you answered this question to some extent. But I guess to refine it, have those sort of negotiated price changes been reflected already in the first quarter results? And also on the inventory side, youre now seeing the the tariff cost increases flow through FIFO, or do those two things continued to evolve with a glide path from first quarter into second quarter?
Holden Lewis: Well, yes, on all of it first off. Yes. So the conversations were aggressive through Q4 and frankly, fairly constructive. When we said we were encouraged, I see no reason to sort of step away from the fact that we thought the conversations with our customers went fairly well. And I think theres a lot of reasons why that has been the case. One was simply the plan that was put together to address the issue of tariffs. We feel that was fairly open and fair. And I think our customers responded in  as we would have hoped they would have given that. We also put a lot of energy into having those conversations face to face with our customers. And so, yes, they went fairly well. Now our expectation at the time and I think its played out this way is that, we would begin to see those costs flow through the business in Q1. And so we had to be timed to start getting some of the pricing flowing through the business in Q1. And I believe that happened. And when we talk about seeing some sequential increase in pricing, I think, that some of that is increases coming as a result of tariffs in that February/March period. And we talk about being able to see some sequential increases in pricing, I think, theres going to be some additional relationships and that come online as we go through the early part of the second quarter and third quarter. So, but at this point, I wouldnt say that weve been able to narrow the deficit with those things happening. The timing has worked out like we had planned for it to work out and the dialogue with the customers has been positive around it. So, I guess, thats where Id leave that.
Daniel Florness: Dave, the only thing Id throw in as an adder is sudden jolts are disruptive as heck. And what it really requires is all of us. Our suppliers, Fastenal, our customers having a really informed frank discussion about whats happening, because its been incredibly disruptive in the last four months. In fact, it probably took away some growth because youre having  a lot of our sales teams are having discussions about pricing when Id rather have discussions about growing the business. And  but its going to be disruptive. If anybody on the call has a crystal ball and can tell me whats going to happen with the tariff six and 12 months from now and do they get bigger? Do they get smaller? Do they unwind? Is it messy? Its going to be disruptive? Just disruptive on the unwind is  was on the wind and only time will tell how that works. Fortunately, on an unwind whenever it occurs, while it might be disruptive to pricing. Its probably going to be helpful to the underlying economy. So thered be a lot of noise to our numbers, but in disruptive times and times of radical change, the best cure is just good, open, honest dialogue with your customer and you manage through it.
David Manthey: Yes. Okay. Thanks very much.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Dave.
Holden Lewis: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Hey, everyone, nice quarter.
Daniel Florness: Thanks. Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Yes. So first question I had was on oil and gas. I recall going back to maybe February that the RVPs were saying this was just a pull back in spending. It was just a pause. Is this still the case? And what are you hearing today?
Holden Lewis: Yes. Well, and so the RVPs obviously respond to what their customers are telling them. And the  what were hearing is that, its a challenging marketplace. Were not seeing wholesale sort of layoffs and cutting of capital spending and things like that. Frankly, the weakness that were seeing seems to be fairly measured in temper which doesnt always sound like what oil and gas has been like historically, right? And so if I think about the RVP tone around oil and gas, some of them are more encouraged about what the second-half looks like than what the first-half looks like. But all of them say, what oil price is going to do, right? And so I think if I think about the tone around oil and gas, like I said, it began to weaken. I think, weve begun talking about this probably November/December last year. And the degree of weakness hasnt necessarily gotten more severe. Over that period of time, it has persisted, but its also broadened. So what something which began in Houston and Dallas has spread to other regions, right, in terms of commentary. And like I said, some of them feel like this is going to clear itself out by the second-half. Some of them feel like they dont know. And all of them understand that its about what happens to the price of oil and how their customers feel and we just dont have a great answer to it. But thats where we have oil and gas today.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, thats helpful. And then second question on Onsite margin inflection, I recall 2020 could be the year where more mature Onsites at higher margins start to offset the newer Onsites. Is this still the case based on what we know today? And then how much do you think you could lift overall company margin?
Holden Lewis: Yes. So we havent seen any real change in kind of the pacing of how we expect that to play out. And so what Ive said before is, today, where weve got so many new Onsites, you dont have sort of an equal ratio between how theyre aging versus how were adding them. But over time, thats going to change. And I think the proxy for that will be when does the average size for Onsite stop declining, right? And my feeling is that, that is probably the late 2019, but probably more in 2020, which means by the time you get to 2021, 2022, instead of this continuing to work against our overall level of gross profitability that, itll begin to diminish in terms of the impact on the mix. We still feel like that is the case. Now what weve said before is and I think Dan laid this out last time, right? I mean, when were  when we double our revenues, we want to be a 22% operating margin company thereabouts. And in order for that to happen from 20% today, we need to see some of those Onsites begin to mature and become more profitable. And we think that, that will happen. And so what is the impact? I would tell you today, the overall impact is a drag more so on the gross margin, the operating margin, but its in both. But over the next, lets call it, 18 months, I think, youre going to begin to see that drag really flatten out and then it begins to contribute more towards our goal of being a 22% operating margin company.
Daniel Florness: And one thing to keep in mind, its a two-pronged drag in the short  in  or the last few years. The one drag is the mix of Onsites and the average revenue per Onsite going down. The other drag is, we went from not really signing Onsites to 80 and then 180 and then 280 and, of course, to 400. And every time we sign an Onsite, I actually shouldnt say that. Most of the times that when we sign an Onsite, were taking a customer relationship out of the branch, highly profitable branch and were delevering it. So you kind of have a two for going on. Not only are you pulling down the average of your Onsites, youre actually hurting the probability of your branch network a little bit in the short-term. And when you get to a steady state of how many are coming in and going out, thats when life becomes a little easier. No different than think about how the math changed decade ago and when we slowed down opening branches to the pathway to profit. All of a sudden, your mix of branch has changed.
Holden Lewis: So its kind of the trajectory. And frankly, whats been great is that really has been playing out largely as we would have modeled it out a year ago, two years ago.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thats good to hear. Thats kind of what I was getting at. Thanks, guys. Ill pass it on.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi, guys, this is actually Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. I know there has been questions about pricing already. But I mean, do you think its harder for distributors in general to get pricing during the cycle versus prior cycles, or maybe as a different way, I mean, given where the demand environment is and where commodity inflation is? Should pricing be higher than where it is?
Daniel Florness: Yes. Since Ive been here longer, Ill take a shot at that and Holden, I can say, can chime in and correct me on some things he disagrees with. But pricing is always hard. People talk about transparency in todays world and it is greater. But frankly, our customers knew what they were spending for product, what product costs were around 10 and 20 and 30 years ago, so its always been hard. Its about are you bringing a great value to a customer and their willingness to pay for that value. And if you think of it that way, I think that probably the toughest one right now on a pricing front is pricing is always hard. But I think the one thats got a little harder is the freight one. Now for us, its twofold. One, the freight dynamic is a little bit different, because Onsites are a different dynamic for freight than the branch network. And so we almost have to understand the two pieces individually. But in todays world, theres a lot of examples of where freights included and freights this or freights flatten. Its fundamentally different models. And its always just having a good discussion about your freight  the freight side of your picture, and thats probably the more challenging element in todays world setting mix aside.
Holden Lewis: Yes, and I would say, I mean, I dont know what it should be compared to history. I would say this. I mean, every quarter going back to the beginning of 2018, we have made sequential progress in raising price. Weve done that, because there has also been sequential increase in cost. And so we dont love obviously that we have a deficit on the price cost dynamic, but part of that is perhaps we needed to be more aggressive than we were. But that shouldnt be read to mean that we werent doing what we had to do to protect the margins, because as I said, pricing has gone up every quarter. But we also have to acknowledge that, weve had some pretty significant increases in cost. If I look at how much our cost has increased in the first quarter? Its more than twice what that same increase was in the first quarter of last year. And so were kind of chasing  were chasing that piece of it as well. But I dont want to give the impression that because we have a price cost deficit that, that doesnt mean that we havent been able to pass price through, because weve passed more price through every quarter in response to marketplace. But if you give us a flattening in the cost environment, well catch up. But the  I dont want to give the impression that we havent been able to pass price through, because we have.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. And just one more and Ill turn it over. And you actually mentioned freight and just want to see if the benefit essentially running your own captive fleet, it has been fully optimized, or do you think theres more room to go there? I guess, if there is anymore room for improvement, I guess, how much do you think that could be?
Daniel Florness: Well, first off, the advantage of having our captive fleet, its indescribable from the standpoint of  set the cost aside for a second. Our ability to provide service is night and day different from all our competitors. Earlier, I used the example of that outdoor locker. A year from now, I fully expect us to be able to take an order from a customer that comes in late in a day, may be in the evening. And lets say one-time in a hundred that customers in a jam and they need it like two hours ago. Our competitors are going to be providing that. Theyre probably going to freight that in using small parcel and its not getting there till 10 oclock tomorrow morning, and thats a really expensive trip. Our driver gets to that branch at 4:00 in the morning or 2:00 in the morning or 6:00 in the morning. You pick enough of the time, because its different for each branch. But lets say, this branch is 4:00 in the morning. Our driver could throw that item in an outdoor locker and that customer get a text at 4:00 in the morning to the item you ordered at 5 oclock last night is here, and nobody else in that market can do that. So to me, the value of a captive trucking is you can provide a level of service thats  that just separates you in the marketplace. From a cost standpoint, we have a great cost structure compared to our peers. And were able to use that cost structure part of our gross margin difference in our industry is because of that freight advantage. Our cost structure is lower. But it puts you in a position to challenge it everyday. It also puts you in a position of conversations with your customer and maybe move some product for them on the backhaul. So one of the reasons that weve always been successful as we do a nice job with backhauls from our suppliers and more recently from some customers. Thats where I think we have some more legs to, especially on the Onsite piece of saying to customers get some pallets you need moved? Well move it for you and maybe we can freight that way to quantify the potential, Im not going to  Im not ready to go there right now, because I dont know if we know it.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And the only thing I would add is, I mean, I think one direction youre going is, it is more cost effective to move product on our trucks than on third parties. And from the fourth quarter of 2017, we really begin to see the field utilizing our truck network at a greater rate because of what was going on outside of our truck network. That kind of hit a level in Q3 of 2018 that we sustained, a very high level. So, the question is, what can you ship more and more onto your trucks? Yes, theres always good reasons to use a third-party, whether its a customer required or what have you. So were probably at a good level for that. But I cant emphasize enough that in a period like this of inflation, third-party inflation is going up at a far greater rate than the cost that were experiencing at our own captive fleet. And what that means is, we have a huge advantage in the marketplace that is only getting wider by having that fleet. So, what we can never tell you is, how much of an advantage are we getting in winning business, because we have our captive fleet even in an environment where theres inflation, especially in an environment where theres inflation. I cant answer that question for you, but it goes into our calculations and its a reason why we went. So I guess, the tenor of the question is, when are they going to stop impacting gross margin? I wanted to take the answer a little bit more broadly, because weve done things to sort of minimize the impact. But you cant underestimate the value of that trucking fleet and our ability to manage cost and our ability to win business.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. Thanks for the time, guys.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Daniel Florness: So I show in my watch 9:57 and very mindful that were in earnings season and everybody on this call has a busy schedule and so I dont want to go long. Just want to close out with a few thoughts. I mentioned earlier in the question and I thought Id just touch on it again to make sure I didnt freak anybody out with my kind of off-the-cuff comment. The message I have to our team is as we go forward, just like its more challenging to grow when you start stacking years together, its more challenging for incremental margin. And that means we need to work harder at every day to achieve it. It doesnt mean if this is  that is a cautionary tale, thats just a statement of fact. And I feel great about the team we have and their ability to manage this business and to grow this business. The second item, we talked about the weather impact and you see discussion centers on impact to sales and the impact to our customers. One thing Im really proud of is the  because the biggest impact quite frankly is to the folks that drive our semis down the road. We were talking about freight. Picture youre driving through the middle of night and theyre in the middle of a snowstorm, thats a tough thing. And I think I mentioned on last call or I may have mentioned it to our team internally about it, a semi driver who was stranded outside of Chicago, because their fuel line jelled up, because it was so cold and our branch manager on the last day of the month went and rescued that person and got him into a warm environment, because it was 30 below zero. And one thing Im really proud of is the way our branches and our district  and our distribution managers treat our drivers from the standpoint of, hey, make sure your back dock is  snows are removed and its a safe environment for your driver, because that driver is the lifeblood of your business. And really pleased to say we came through it with a very safe circumstance for our semi drivers. Last thing, great people pursuing a common goal can do great things. Learned that from Bob 23 years ago and its as true today as it was then. Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ellen Stolts of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2018 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to one hour and will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.  Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal investor relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2019 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness. 
Dan Florness: Thanks Ellen and good morning everybody, and welcome to the fourth quarter conference call for Fastenal. Before we delve into Holdens flip book, I just want to touch on a few things.  If I go back in time to late 2015 or just 2015 in general, wed seen a dramatic slowdown in the economic we sell into. Wed had a tough year. I was stepping into this role and I remember the first comment I made to the team was, hey folks, we have a ton of great things we can do for our customer, that we can do for our employees, our suppliers and our shareholders thats focused on the future, and lets just get going. In 2016, it was a year of investment. We invested in inventory in our branch network to support our customer. We invested in growth drivers of the business and the infrastructure to support those growth drivers, and as all you recall, we had a tough year from the standpoint of nominal growth but we really grew our expenses and our working capital because we were setting ourselves up to be a better supply chain partner for our customer. In 2017, armed with an economy that was not kicking us in the face but was actually giving us a little bit of tailwind, we looked at the team and said, you know what? Lets grow our sales and earnings this year, and when I talk about earnings, Im not talking just about Fastenal, Im talking about our people too. We did a nice job that year of doing all three. In 2019, weve improved that from the standpoint I think we found a better balance in growing the aspects of our business, and one thing that was really important to us was an incremental margin that started with a two. The second half of the year, weve been able to deliver that. It was good enough in the second half of the year that we produced it for the year, and thats an important component because its not just about growth but its about profitable growth and creating opportunities for your customer and your employee in the process. In 2019, I think that mantra is lets find a little bit more balance and lets extend what were doing it already, but lets extend it to the cash flow statement and really hit all pieces and rewards all constituencies. Speaking of constituencies, we keep it really simple here - theres four. Theres customers, theres employees, theres suppliers, and theres shareholders. It has to work for all four for our business to be successful short term and long term, and we look at everything with a long-term perspective but we try to have a short term edge to it, to have a sense of urgency. From a customer perspective, the biggest thing that we do every day is we thank them for their business. Thank you for trusting, embracing our supply chain partnership. The supply chain is critical to each and every one of our customers, and I thought Id share a few tidbits out of a recent customer letter that came in. It was an unsolicited letter that I received last week. It was a customer where we had taken on--we signed an onsite earlier in the year. Its been a customer for years from an MRO perspective, but we took on their OEM fasteners, and as weve talked in the past, OEM fasteners is a very intimate relationship because were selling them not just the stuff they need in their facility, were selling them the components of what theyre representing and selling to their customer. Were part of their DNA in the OEM fastener world, and the letter touched on a handful of bullets about the business.  It first talked about the bidding process. The last sentence in a brief paragraph, Fastenal by far presented the best with the most advantages for present and future growth. Fastenal is the best option. From a transition and implementation, again thats a scary place for a customer to be because your production line is dependent on hiccups that can occur in a transition, and the second sentence in this paragraph, Fastenal immediately brought onsite a team of professionals with a lead implementation person that managed through each item of inventory with each group function within our company, and not seen a single stock-out situation within our company. Communication was and is top notch on all matters.  Urgency - Fastenals communication and sense of urgency has been exceptional. Engineering support - knowledge support and testing that we get now on all parts is exceptional. Sourcing - we have been able to keep current manufacturers as well as looking at other options for cost savings. The value we bring is the high level of service, but its also an opportunity to challenge status quo and take costs out of supply chain. Thats what we do for our customer. Its not just about fulfillment - thats an important component, but its also about bringing the supply chain knowledge to lower your cost and improve yours and your customers value proposition in the marketplace. Service support - Fastenal onsite management has been exceptional, and our letter closes to say, we look at Fastenal as an extension of our company and with the onsite service we have, our folks dont have any doubt on where to go. So I thought Id share that letter. It was really fun to receive it. I called the individual that sent it and personally thanked her, but its really indicative of what our business and our onsite strategy is about as it relates to engaging with our customer.  Secondly, employees. We grew our business 13% in the last 12 months. Our FTE growth is up about 6%. Now, its no secret in the marketplace there is some inflation going on because its a tight labor market. There is also--when you have advancements in the organization, folks that are stepping into leading a new onsite, maybe you were the second or third person at a branch before, getting added to our implementation team, our national accounts sales team, our industrial services teams, all the teams within Fastenal, our base pay we saw increase about 9%, so on a 6% increase in headcount, base pay is up about 9%. Some of that is inflation, some of that is advancements in positions within the organization because of the opportunity our team and our customers are creating.  Incentive compensation, thats commissions at the branch, thats incentive to our leaders, thats incentive to the folks in support areas of our organization, despite the fact that it had grown handsomely in 2017, it grew again in 2018 - its up 20%. Profit sharing, we share the rewards of the business with everybody in the business. From 2017 to 2018, Im proud to say our profit sharing contribution this year is up about 24%. Despite all that, we were able to leverage our employee cost, which meant we were able to leverage our SG&A. Total employee costs are up about 11%. Another way to think about it--theres a lot of ways to think about productivity, and productivity is key to our current and future success because its bringing greater value to the customer but doing it in a more cost efficient manner. Every dollar we spent in payroll in 2017 translated into a $1.02 of profit, so we had $881 million of profit last year, we spent $862 million in total payroll. Holdens probably cringing right now that Im sharing that number because people will want it again and again and again - sorry, Holden. But I think thats an important component of our business, but despite all the investments we made in people and resources in the last year, the last three years, in 2018 we spent $962 million in total payroll costs. Thats everything in there - base pay, incentive, profit sharing, Social Security taxes, workers comp, health insurance. Everything added up, we spent $962 million but it didnt generate $1.02 of profit, it generated $1.04. We generated $999 million, essentially $1 billion in profit in the last 12 months. Thats productivity, and Im really excited what that means for our team. I think theres a lot of opportunities to expand that in the future.  Our suppliers, that third constituent, theyve had a really successful few years with us. Suppliers that have been willing to evolve and change to support our vending business in the last 10 years, our onsite business in the last three, four years, our construction business, our national account business, our local business, a Fastenal model, have had really successful years. Ive met with a lot of them over the last two months, and really excited about what 2019 can mean and what theyre seeing downstream in their business. Finally, shareholders. Our shareholders havent been rewarded as well. Our stock has been a little bit in purgatory, it feels like, for a period of years. Weve started to move out of it, though, and we were seeing that, some in 17, some in 18. Our sector, no secret to the folks on this call, has been a bit of a multiple compression, and weve tried to offset some of that by strong dividends and buyback aspects. Im pleased to say when I look at that press release we just put out last night on our dividend and our stock buybacks, if I take the dividend we just declared for the first quarter of 2019 and extend it to the year, assuming we pay about the same each quarter, and look at the last nine year and add the $600 million of buybacks weve done, we have returned almost $4 billion - $3.85 billion, to be exact, to our shareholders in a business thats thrived and grown in that timeframe, and weve essentially doubled in size in that 10-year timeframe from a little over $2 billion to about $5 billion in revenue. In the last five years, weve returned about 65% of that number, about $2.5 billion, and on a $15.5 billion market cap weve returned about 16% of that number over the last five years. Were proud of that number and we believe we have the ability to grow that in the future. We just need to work on our cash flow statement a little bit better to be able to juice that even further. Turning to the flip book, and before we start in on that, I do want to cite--you know, I mentioned the aspect of employees within Fastenal, a part of our blue team. Theres a few blue team members I want to cite right now. First is we have two employees that are going to hit a really big milestone, and we believe in service and milestones, and every year at our Florida event we recognize our 25-year employees. We actually have two employees here in 2019 that are going to recognize 40 years of service within Fastenal.  The first one is Nick Lundquist. He joined us in 1979. In March, he will hit 40 years with the company. He must have started when he was about 10, 10 or 11 years old, because hes got the--the spunk he has in him and the dedication he brings to the organization every day is impressive, and he continues to develop people around him, which is the sign of a great leader. The second person is Dana Johnson. In August, Dana will celebrate 40 years with the organization. Dana might not be as well known to this group. Dana leads our property area and over the years, Dana has had a multitude of roles within the organization, and the professionalism and the talent he brings to every role he serves is impressive. I congratulate both of them on the 40-year milestone this year. Speaking of blue team, two people that are particularly close to me within Fastenal recently lost a parent. In December, Renee Weisska [ph] lost her father, and here several weeks ago Nick Lundquist lost his mother. Both of those individuals enjoyed long lives, they had great families, but for Nick and Maria and for Renee and John, youre an important part of our blue team family and our condolence and prayers are with you. Now lets flip to the book. Fourth quarter 2018 came in at $0.59. Theres a discrete tax item in there. A little bit of noise in tax items in the last four or five quarters, something about a new tax law signed in the U.S. creates a little bit of noise. Absent this, our EPS would have been $0.60 for the quarter. Adjusting for discrete items in both years, EPS grew about 14%.  Demand is strong - 13.2% sales growth in the fourth quarter. Thats our sixth quarter of at least 13% growth. We continued to execute really well on our growth drivers, and Ill touch on that in a few minutes. Operating leverage remains strong. We have gross margin pressure. Some of that is self-imposed because our growth drivers naturally lower our gross margin, but inflation and more recently tariffs are creating some ripples in our business. Despite that, we had incremental margin of 21% in the quarter.  Prices are trending favorably, and when I talk about price and cost in these discussions, price is our sale price to our customer. Cost is the inbound, whether that is the cost of goods cost, a freight cost, or an opex cost; but Ill try to use those terminologies to be more concise in how we describe things. Price trended favorably, but its still lagging cost inflation a bit and that is pressuring our gross margin more than just pure mix. Holden will touch on that in greater detail. As you all know, List 3 of the tariffs did impact Fastenal, but most of the impact is on the working capital. They added to inventory late in the year, and again Holden will touch on that. One things thats positive, we have a supply chain relationship with our customers. Tariffs and inflation are not a foreign concept, no pun intended, to our customers, and those discussions are going well and Im encouraged about what we saw in the month of December, what were seeing in January, February and March--what we expect to see in February and March as it relates to our ability to pass through those tariffs or, better yet, find better cost options for our customer. In many cases, that involves substitution. Q4 cash generation continues to be impacted by the working capital trends; however, we were still able to return $177 million to our shareholders via repurchase and dividends while retaining what I would consider a pretty flexible capital structure.  Now lets go to the growth drivers, Page 4. Onsites - the team really is making progress there. When I think about back in 2014, we had a couple of hundred onsites, we were adding 10 a year which mean 3 to 5% of our district managers were really engaged in this game. The rest of the folks were really engaged in the more traditional side of our business plus the vending that weve introduced in the last 10 years. We started to change that in 2015 and we went into high gear in 16, 17 and 18. In 2015, about 25% of our district managers signed an onsite. Next year, that went to 50; last year, it was in the low 70s, and we always talked about lets drive that to 80%. If we drive that to 80%, we are an onsite company because were engaged in it throughout the business, not in a subset of our business. In 2018, 79% of our district managers signed an onsite. We will pierce that number of 80% in 2019, and Im really excited about what that means for our ability to keep growing and manage the business. However, when you go from 200 onsites to 900 onsites in a few short years, you do deleverage that business quite dramatically, and so our average onsite back in 2014 did $150,000 a month. Today, our average onsite does $120,000 a month, and it isnt because were lowering the bar on opportunity, its because we have a whole bunch of really young onsites and thats deleveraging the business. But on the flipside of that coin, our branch network has been leveraging like crazy, and thats what allowed us to maintain an incremental margin in the last two years of a low 20%.  But onsites, we signed 336 for the year - not quite our goal, our goal was pretty aggressive, but well above the 270 of last year. We have 48% more active sites today than we did just a year ago, and our goal for next year is 375 to 400.  Vending - we have really breathed new life into vending. The team has done a wonderful job in the last few years. We met our goal for the year - we signed 22,073. We signed over 90 a day in the third quarter - incredible milestone in my mind, and our install base ended the year at just over 81,000, about a 14% increase from last year. Product sales through those devices is up more than 20%. For next year, our goal is 23,000 to 25,000. I told the team theres 254 days next year - if we hit 100 a day, thats 25,400. Its really nice number, but our stated goal is 23,000 to 25,000. One thing that isnt mentioned in this list of bullets is construction. When we were making these investments back in 16, 17 and 18, a big one was inventory in our branch network. We had languished in the construction market for the better part of a decade with growth between 3 and 4% - very un-Fastenal-like. We were focused on other things and we lost our sight on construction. Between putting inventory in our branch, opening the door to our customer and we had a great local plan, and in the process beginning the development of a good national and international plan, our construction business is now not growing 3 or 4%, its growing 15% as we exit the year. The construction market itself has grown about 5% -the end market. Were tripling that. Thats market share gains and its about a great team going after that market, being prepared.  We ended the year with just over 3,100 locations versus 2,988 a year ago, despite the fact we closed 157 branches. That leveraging were getting in our system is coming from people leverage and occupancy leverage, and were converting those closed locations into ever more customer serving locations by moving onsite, by moving in and lowering our cost structure and improving our value proposition to our customer.  National accounts, they had an outstanding year - 18% growth in the fourth quarter. Large customer growth was also 18% for the entire year. Our non-U.S. daily sales [indiscernible] grew at mid to high teens rate and slightly below in the latter part of the year, Europe and Asia have slowed a little bit and currency has given us some headwind.  With that, Ill turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great, thank you, Dan. Good morning. Im going to begin with a quick recap of our 2018 results before moving onto the quarter. In 2018, Fastenal generated a record $4.97 billion in sales, which is up 13.1% from 2017. We generated at least 13% growth in each quarter of the year, reflecting what have been stable and sustained macro tailwinds as well as effective execution of our growth drivers. To touch on those growth drivers, for onsites we signed 336 new agreements in 2018. That was shy of our 360 to 385 goal, but its well above last years 270 signings. If I exclude the branch transfer revenues, sales through onsites grew more than 20% for the full year. Were targeting 375 to 400 signings in 2019. For vending, we finished 2018 with more than 81,000 installed product dispensing machines, which is up 13.6% over 2017. Our 2018 signings of 22,073 machines were up 14% and around the midpoint of our 21,000 to 23,000 signing goal for the year. Sales through our machines rose more than 20% in 2018, and were targeting 23,000 to 25,000 signings in 2019. Lastly, national accounts paced the overall business with sales growth to our largest customers in 2018 accelerating to up 18.1%. We were active with new signings, but this acceleration also reflects success in expanding our sales to existing customers. Though today they represent a relatively small part of our business, we also continue to see healthy growth in our non-North American revenues as well as sales through our ecommerce channel. Our operating margin was flat year to year at 20.1% in 2018. This stability does mask improved leverage as the year progressed, with our operating margin expanding by about 30 basis points in the second half of 2018. Our gross margin finished 2018 at 48.3%, down 100 basis points largely from product and customer mix, freight costs, negative price costs, and growth allowances. Our ability to narrow our gross margin declines going forward will rest heavily on our ability to close the gap between rising prices and rising costs. We generated an offsetting 100 basis points of SG&A leverage. Thirty to 40 basis points of this was from employee-related expenses as we cleared our incentive reset in the second quarter of 18 and grew headcount more slowly than sales. Thirty to 40 basis points was some leveraging occupancy as the closure of 157 branches in 2018 mitigated growth in our base of vending machines. Finally, we leveraged our remaining operating costs by 30 to 40 basis points. Given continued growth in our business, there remains further room to leverage our operating expenses. Given continued healthy growth, our overall goal for operating margins entering 2019 is unchanged: achieve an incremental margin between 20 and 25% and deliver some margin expansion. Below the operating line, interest expense was up 39% on higher average debt balances largely from share repurchase activity. Our tax rate fell to 23.8% in 2018 from 33.7% in 2017. Excluding discrete items from both periods, our tax rate fell to 24.5% in 2018 from 36.5% in 2017, reflecting the Tax Act which had the effect of lowering our tax rate beginning in the first quarter. It all blended to a full-year 2018 EPS figure of $2.62 versus $2.01 in 2017. If I exclude the discrete tax items, however, our EPS would have been $2.59, a 35% increase from $1.92 in 2017. If I further adjust for the differing tax rates that applied between 2017 and 18 as a result of U.S. tax reform, our EPS grew 13.4%.  Moving to Slide 5 and our review of the fourth quarter, as Dan covered, sales were up 13.2% in the fourth quarter of 2018, which included daily sales growth of 14.5% in December. We have now grown our organic daily sales at a 10%-plus rate for 19 consecutive months. We continue to see good contribution from our growth drivers. We also saw continued favorable macro trends as illustrated by fourth quarter 18 purchasing managers index and industrial production readings. Still, sentiment was a bit choppier in the period with rising cautiousness in November seeming to dissipate in December. Our business does not provide much visibility to future trends, so we cannot speculate as to whether this choppier tone will persist; however, it did not affect performance in the fourth quarter, as you can see by the growth of our end markets, our products, and our channels provided in Slide 5. As it relates to pricing, during the quarter we put in place focused resources to evaluate and execute our pricing strategies. This is appropriate in light of the prevalence of inflation and tariffs, as well as the growth of our national accounts business, all of which makes the pricing environment more complex than we have seen it in many years. In addition to this groups strategic objectives, it is also taking a fresh look at how we measure pricing costs, with two observations resulting. First, as we reported before, we have achieved improved price realization throughout 2018 with a notable step-up in the third quarter, as is necessary because our costs have also risen throughout 2018. Second, the impact of price on our results is slightly below what we had previously modeled. As a result, we realized between 110 and 140 basis points of price in the fourth quarter of 2018, which is improved on the 85 to 150 basis points of price that we realized in the third quarter of 18. As it relates to tariffs, there was minimal impact on the P&L in the fourth quarter of 18, but that will grow in the first quarter and full year of 2019. The impact on the balance sheet is also modest at this point with one exception. While we did not buy any excess inventory in anticipation of higher tariffs, we did accelerate the shipping of planned spend to arrive before the potential 25% tariffs kicked in, which was originally expected on January 1. This pulled roughly $12 million in inventory that would have otherwise gone into the first quarter of 2019 into the fourth quarter of 2018 Now to Slide 6, our gross margin was 47.7% in the fourth quarter of 2018, down 110 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2017. This decline was slightly more than we expected. Relative to prior periods, we did see the negative effects of freight and net rebates moderate in the fourth quarter primarily as a result of easier comparisons; however, product margin was below where we thought it would be. The negative impact of price cost widened as product cost increases outpaced our price increases. The negative impact of customer product mix similarly widened as an increasing proportion of our growth derived from our growth drivers.  Our operating margin was 19% in the fourth quarter of 2018, up 30 basis points year over year. Continued healthy growth drove 130 basis points of cost leverage and generated an incremental margin of 21%. Looking at the pieces, we achieved 60 basis points of leverage over employee-related costs, which were up 10%. Growth in headcount was below growth in sales, and growth in incentive compensation, though healthy, moderated versus last year.  Occupancy-related costs were up 7.2%, generating 25 basis points of leverage. Total occupancy costs grew very slightly with higher expenses at non-branch facilities more than offsetting a decline in branch facilities. As a result, most of the growth in costs related to higher vending expenses to support the growth in our install base. We realized an additional 55 basis points of leverage of other and operating administrative expenses. Putting it all together, reported fourth quarter EPS was $0.59 versus $0.53 in fourth quarter 2017; however, the current year does include a $3.2 million discrete tax charge while the prior year period includes a $24.4 million discrete tax benefit, both related to the effects of the Tax Act. Excluding these discrete items, fourth quarter 18 EPS would have been $0.60, or up 34.2% from the fourth quarter of 2017, boosted by a lower tax rate as a result of the Tax Act. Absent tax reform, EPS growth would have been 13.9%. Turning to Slide 7, we generated $178 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter of 2018, or 106% of net income. This is slightly below the conversion we typically see in fourth quarters, again relating to working capital - Ill cover that in a moment. Net capital spending in the fourth quarter of 2018 was $78 million, bringing our year-to-date outlays to $167 million, an increase of 48.3% over 2017. We expected an uptick in spending in the fourth quarter just based on project timing related to hub investments, but we also had an opportunity to purchase property in North Carolina for future hub expansion that was unanticipated and added nearly $20 million to this total. Our current growth and growth drivers require additional investments in 2019, and we expect net capital spending to be in a range of $195 million to $225 million largely for investments in hub property and equipment, vending devices to support our rising success in this initiative, and vehicles.  We paid $114 million in dividends in the quarter and $442 million for the year. We also repurchased 63 million stock in the quarter and 103 million for the year, the second most active year in our history. We finished the quarter with debt at 17.8% of total capital, a little bit above last years 16.5% but still at levels that provide ample liquidity to take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business.  The working capital picture remained challenging. Inventories were up 17% in the fourth quarter and days on hand ticked up slightly for the first time in 2018. Some of the growth related to supporting demand in our growth drivers and some was related to the accelerated shipments mentioned above; however, a third major element was simply the growing impact of inflation.  Receivables grew 17.5% in the fourth quarter and is up more than three days. Sustained strong growth in national accounts and international businesses matter, but the biggest factor remains customer pushing payments past quarter end, which intensified further in the fourth quarter of 2018. Receivables quality remains good with no deterioration in past due balances. Thats all for our formal presentation, so with that Operator, well take questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Dankert of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Chris Dankert: Morning guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess first off, and I know visibility is limited, but were going into the new year here, obviously price cost was a headwind; last year, were kind of comping on that. Given that youre going to be pushing some more pricing in a more focused way, given that volumes are going to be up, is it fair to assume that gross margin in the first quarter should be up a little bit sequentially, or are we still kind of fighting sideways here?
Holden Lewis: Well, I think if you look sort of sequentially at how things usually play out with gross margin, historically weve seen an uptick in Q1 over Q4, but over the last three years really the Q4 to Q1 cadence has been more flattish, and I think a lot of that has to do with sort of the inherent volatility in gross margin in Q4. It can be difficult to predict. Were moving into a quarter where were going to see how the tariff price cost dynamic plays out. We still have an inflation price cost dynamic playing out. I think if what youre asking about is what you should think about in terms of sequential gross margin, I would think about Q1 looking somewhat similar to where Q4 comes in. 
Chris Dankert: Got it, thanks. Thats helpful. Just as a quick follow-up, thinking about the full year price cost, with the team in place, is it fair to expect that by Q2 were starting to claw back some of that price cost, or is this more of a back half type of dynamic?
Holden Lewis: Well, what Ill emphasize is we have improved our price realization each quarter this year, and setting aside the question of tariffs, just looking at generalized inflation, I would expect that thats going to continue as we enter 2019. Given that, the question really comes down to what do we expect out of costs as we go into 2019. Ill tell you that as much as weve realized the incremental pricing, weve also realized incremental costs each quarter this year as well, so we still see pressure there, quite frankly. But that said, we are making a lot of progress in terms of our ability to realize price. We talked a little bit about the pricing tools that went in, in midyear 2018, we talked a little bit here about how weve sort of re-jigged the group a little bit to give us a bit more focused information, etc., and I think thats going to continue to provide us some additional incremental benefits. Our expectation in 2019 is that were going to continue to narrow and, frankly, get rid of the gap that exists today between price and cost.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks Holden, thats so helpful. Congrats on 18, and good luck in the new year.
Dan Florness: Thanks Chris. Just one item Ill add to Holdens commentary. When I think of the dynamic thats going on right now, whether its inflation or tariffs in general, I think this is a huge opportunity for the Fastenal supply chain capabilities where we can flex our skill set. I mean that from the standpoint were not a fulfillment company, we dont just supply you what you ordered, we also challenge in the process of saying, you know, the item youre ordering, based on what we know about your business, we question if thats optimal for your business. Sometimes its substituting the product from the standpoint of the durability of that product, does it fit, either is it adequate or too adequate to the demand of the use, but also we have great partner brands, we have great exclusive brands, and sometimes its coming to a customer and saying, youve used this same brand for years, we have this brand that we actively support and we have a better price point on, a better cost point which translates into a better price point, and we can offset inflation and/or tariffs by actively substituting, and that comes from an active engagement with knowing how the customer is using it and where their pain points are, where theyre willing to be flexible and where they cant be flexible. I think thats an important component of Fastenals supply chain.
Chris Dankert: Awesome, thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Manthey of Baird. Your line is now open.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning guys. Happy new year. First of all, Im hoping I can get a little bit of color on these large customer pricing conversations. Are you through all of them? When do the changes start taking effect, and I assume youve outlined agreements for the 10 and 25% tariff environments, but have you also reached contractual agreements as it relates to when the tariffs are eventually rolled back?
Dan Florness: You know, the agreements we have allow for windows for discussions. Weve talked about this in the past of when pricing can change. Legally, you can do things beyond that from the standpoint of theres always force majeure elements of contracts. Were not a fan of that up or down, because we dont think thats part of a supply chain partnership. Were having active discussions with the customers. The discussions are going quite well. Are some more successful than others? Yes, a lot of times it depends on where we find success in the things I just mentioned - the ability to substitute, the alternative sources of supply, the level of service trade-offs, are we growing our business, etc., but weve been largely successful. Were seeing some price increases that are going into place as we speak and will be going in place over the upcoming months. In regard to the specifics of what happens when it goes from 10 to 25, or what happens when it unwinds, you can talk through scenarios but theres no agreement that contemplates the--I dont know if I want to use the word craziness or the noise, or all the stuff thats going on in the marketplace, so its going to be a fluid environment on all regards.  The one thing, we did put through some price increases that took effect in mid-December, and in those we just--we really had a discussion with our customers, saying you know what? The tariffs started on September 24, here is the latency were putting in, these tariffs unwind, heres how well unwind the tariffs in those discussions, and really having the same kind of latency. The idea was trying to match up as best you can where its impacting your P&L, where its impacting your business, and having a fair trade-off on the in and out because there are going to be distinct lines in the sand. But its not a foregone conclusion that the 10 or 25, whats going to happen when or if, some or all of it remains there essentially and perpetually. 
Holden Lewis: What Ill add to that, David, is yes, I do believe that the vast majority of the conversations have been had. In fact, when I asked why our signings of onsites were perhaps a little bit lower in Q4 than wed seen the rest of the year, one of the answers I got was, because of all the time and attention that we diverted to having those conversations. So those groups, both locally and international accounts, have worked really hard to have those conversations in a compressed period of time, and they came to those conversations with a great plan and, every bit as important, with great data which allowed us to define the issue fairly precisely. Its a known issue, and I think those are the elements that have given--that make us be very encouraged about how those conversations have gone down.  We do believe that those conversations have been generally successful. The costs related to the 10% tariff will begin to roll into the P&L in the first quarter, but frankly I think that most of the agreements that weve reached with many of our customers will also begin to roll in, in that January and February window as well. What that means in terms of the incremental price cost in the January-February time frame, time will tell, but thats just a timing issue. Like I say, were encouraged by how those conversations went and were sort of expecting that were going to largely be able to neutralize the tariff impact. 
David Manthey: Thats great color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, a couple questions from me. First, Im getting a lot of questions about tariffs and FIFO accounting, so how should we think about gross margin first half 19 to second half 19 as it relates to FIFO?
Holden Lewis: Well, thats why we began to build some cost into inventory in the fourth quarter, based on when the containers began to hit the shores at the end of September. We expect that we will begin to see that inventory thats currently sitting there roll into cost of goods as we get into the first quarter. That was all expected, Ryan. We knew that there would be some impact on the inventory side of the ledger, but it will take some time for that to roll through. But the nature of the tariffs as opposed to our usual purchasing was going to compress that window. Thats why we spent so much time talking to investors in a very tight window, is because we knew how that was going to roll out in Q1. I think the effects youre alluding to are certainly playing out, but our original goal was to have pricing conversations ready to roll out as we began to see the costs shift off the balance sheet and into the income statement, and we think that we have largely achieved that goal. Going forward, were going to continue to see the containers move through the inventory and into the COGS as sort of comparable rate, and we should begin to see the pricing in Q1 and then Q2 related to that specifically, and thats how we tend to view it. Im not sure that I see a huge difference between the first half and the second half as it relates to the tariffs. 
Dan Florness: The only thing Ill add to Holdens commentary, and this is putting my old hat on for a second, is when I think of our business just holistically and I think about over the years, weve had roughly 160 days of inventory, plus or minus a handful, and Im not going to get into exacts but just holistically, about 100 of those days were physically at the branch and about 60 of those days were physically at the distribution center. Now in the case of a lot of our products, and Im setting vending aside and Im setting OEM fasteners aside, in the case of a lot of our products, that kind of mirrors where the replenishment cycle is coming in, and really what put us in a position of having these discussions and having a little bit of a window to react to them. But that product that was in the branches is now were three months away from--a little bit over three months away from the start of tariffs, that product thats going into the branches is starting to get replaced with stuff that was coming in, and so youll see bits and pieces of it coming in in January and February and March. Theyll be building as they go through the quarter. The full steam will really hit in Q2. 
Holden Lewis: I think maybe another way to think about it is traditionally when we buy a product from overseas, it might take six months or two quarters, or whatever, to move into our system, but the tariffs were not applied at the point that you purchased the product, the tariffs were applied at the point that it hit the shores. So when the tariffs went into place on September 24, I think it was, any container that hit on September 25, where we might have bought the product three months earlier, but that tariff hit right then, so thats why when you talk about the timing, the timing as it relates to tariffs and how our system is compressed compared to our normal purchasing period. Does that make sense?
Ryan Merkel: Yes, okay. Thats helpful, guys. Secondly Holden, I think you mentioned the goal for incremental margins in 2019 was that 20, 25% range. Just two questions on that: first, what level of sales growth do you need to achieve that, and then secondly, it sounds like youre assuming that you can neutralize tariffs and product cost inflation with price.
Holden Lewis: Well, currently were assuming that we continue to grow double digits. Now however the cycle plays out will have a lot to say about that, but we believe that the momentum that we have in our growth drivers is going to continue. We think that well continue in the current environment to improve the price profile, so the real question is what does the cycle do. But at least through Q4, demand is still fairly healthy, so were assuming were going to grow double digits in order to achieve that.
Dan Florness: The one thing Ill add to that, Ryan, is if you look at it in the last couple years, Terry Owen--we had our board meeting yesterday and Terry Owen came in and talked to the board about--Terry oversees a big chunk of our behind-the-scenes business, so all of our national accounts team, our solutions people, which is onsite, which is vending, our government, our marketing folks, our finance that support national accounts, all those things rolled into one. Those are the bedrock of our growth drivers. Weve added 30% more people into his team or teams over the last three years, and so when you look at that non-branch, the sales headcount thats non-branch, thats the part Im talking about. We plan to keep adding aggressively into that area because that customer letter I talked about, thats reflective of what that group does, as well as our local team and the district manager, of bringing that type of execution to our customer. So in a double digit environment, were going to keep growing that group aggressively to support what were doing. Obviously if were werent in a double-digit environment, Id have to go to Terry and Id have to go to a bunch of folks in the organization and say, hey folks, tighten the belt because we dont have the luxury to add that.  But before I stepped into this role, one thing I learned from this population quite acutely is great incremental margin if youre not growing doesnt matter. Now its changed a little bit - great growth where you dont have great incremental margin doesnt matter either, and I agree with both statements. But we want to be very mindful of growing infrastructure to be great at onsite because this is--just like vending, its incredibly disruptive to the space, and we are designed to be the best at this, so lets go after it with a vengeance. 
Holden Lewis: Just to finish off the last part of that, so yes, with regards to tariffs, we do expect that the success weve had will allow us to neutralize that. Thats a different conversation from price costs. Price cost, I think was about a 30 basis point drag to our business for the year. Our intention is to eliminate that drag, and well see how that plays out over the course of the year, but our expectation is to eliminate that drag.
Dan Florness: We think we have a good plan to do it, yes, and that would be part of achieving that incremental margin.
Ryan Merkel: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Graham of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Graham: Hi, good morning Dan, Holden, Ellen. I want to go back to what your just now comment was, Holden, on price cost and looping your earlier comment that the key to gross margin in 2019 will be to get to this, call it price cost neutrality, price cost broadly defined as being your entire P&L as opposed to just materials, I assume. I guess as we look at the trends of your sales, recognizing that on a longer term basis the onsite stuff does start to even out a little bit, but the mix is still running negative, so you have in the past said you have to look to backfill something like 20 to 30 basis points to just keep your gross margin flat due to mix. Is that number still applicable, and maybe connect the dots here for me that why is that not as important as managing price cost to get to your gross margin, to improve the [indiscernible] gross margin?
Holden Lewis: Yes, sure. I dont want to give the impression that mix is not important as something that we need to mitigate, right, because we do need to find ways to improve our profitability, and to the extent that whatever the mix number is, we should be able to reduce it just through other activities. But lets not lose sight of the fact that the mix is going down or the mix is a drag on gross margin because were getting tremendous growth in our growth drivers. I dont think Ive ever asserted to you that our gross margin was unlikely to decline provided we are successful with our growth drivers, but it is still incumbent upon us as an organization to do everything we can to maximize our gross margin and mitigate the impacts of that, but you shouldnt have any expectation that our gross margins are going to be flat to going up as long as we are successful with these growth drivers.  Look - onsites have a gross margin in the neighborhood of 35%, give or take. Its just math, right? I mean, if were going to grow that business 40%, take out the transferred sales its 20%, the math is going to tell you its going to be difficult for us to expand our gross margin in that environment. But its a real big reason why were outgrowing everybody else in the space, so were not as hung up with the idea of offsetting mix fully as perhaps your question suggests that we should. But that said, price cost, that should be in our control. We know when our costs are rising, we know what we need to offset, the market should allow it, and we should be able to go to our customers and say, look, were not trying to take advantage here, this is what the marketplace is doing, this is what we need to be doing. Thats something thats about our discipline as an organization. Its a very different conversation than the one about mix. 
Scott Graham: Understood, thank you. I was under the impression that if you were able to backfill the 20 to 30, that the gross margin would be flat for the year; but it sounds to me like youre not saying that.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I mean, whatever the number is, if we could backfill it, obviously it would be flat, and we always try to backfill. But the fact is, its difficult to find those in any given period, so no, I think weve been fairly open that if were going to be this successful with our vending and our non-fasteners and our onsites, in all likelihood over a period of time, our gross margin will go down. That doesnt mean, by the way, that our operating margin needs to go down. We get tremendous leverage from the growth that were seeing, and we saw that this year as well. I think the dynamic you saw this year is very comparable to the dynamic we expect to continue to see. Now, Ill tell you, mix expanded beyond that 20/30 in 2018, and it did so because if you think about it, national accounts in 2017 grew 14.5%, it grew 18% in 18. Onsites grew 35% including transferred revenues in 2017, they grew 42% in 18. Non-fastener accelerated. With those accelerations, we did see an expansion in the impact from customer mix, but again, we cant lose sight of the fact that growth in national accounts going from 14.5% to 18% also drives more dollars to the revenue line that we then have leveraged at the operating expense line. Thats how our model works at this point. 
Scott Graham: Understood. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up would be in the past, youve talked about in product line and in channel mix, so products, fasteners versus non-fasteners, markets, manufacturing versus non-residential. Did you see anything in the mix in any of these four groups that went with you or went against you? 
Dan Florness: You mean within the group itself, as opposed to the changing mix of the individual groups?
Scott Graham: Thats correct.
Holden Lewis: Yes, where products are concerned, our non-fasteners grew faster than our fasteners this year.
Dan Florness: I think hes talking about within the individual components, the dynamic of margin.
Scott Graham: Yes.
Holden Lewis: Oh, okay, I got it. Yes, I mean, the element of price cost was a drag in a lot of these areas, right? I think I indicated price cost was about a 30 basis point drag to margin for the full year, and I think that that affected the margin in most of the channels and products that were in. Now, it affected fasteners more than non-fasteners without a doubt. It was probably more significant in the local business than it was on the onsites and the national accounts, etc. There was some differential, but price cost was a challenge across the business.
Scott Graham: Fine, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Good morning everybody, happy new year. I was wondering if I could go back to the cash flow outlook for this year. How should I be thinking about working capital in your plan right now for 2019? Well get rid of some of the one-time pull forward impacts that you outlined on inventory, but just directionally, should we see cash days improve? Then could you just talk about your downturn scenario planning, if youve done any? What if the business kind of ground to a halt? Its a lot different than several years ago, the last downturn. How would you expect working capital to perform with the change in the mix of the business?
Holden Lewis: Sure. Frankly, my rule of thumb model for our balance sheet would be a slight increase in days on the AR, simply because of the growth in national accounts and growth in international businesses. But you know, a meaningful multi-day decrease in days of inventory, thats how we would like to build it out. Now, the reality is right now, there are some challenges that by the back half of 2018 it was very difficult for us to achieve those. We have to take steps in 2019 to get back on the track that I just laid out. Were not there right now, but we have plans to begin to try to address that.  Normally what I would tell you is for the full year, we should convert more than 100% of our net income into operating cash flow, and this year the biggest reason why we did not was because of working capital, and the expectation is that as we go into 2019, we should be able to deliver that. The challenges obviously are related to the inflation and tariffs and things like that, what impact that might have on inventory. Thats sort of the rule of thumb that I look at when I think about the balance sheet. We have to show that we can deliver to that again in 2019, because 2018 was a struggle and the variables that caused it to be a struggle in 2018 have not gone away.  As it relates to a downturn scenario, traditionally if its a short, relatively normal downturn, we need less working capital in that environment, and our cash flow is traditionally pretty stable and steady. 
Dan Florness: Ill just throw in a couple thoughts, just after being here for 20-plus years, Im the old guy so I can give a little perspective. The interesting thing about a distribution business, its a working capital business. We have a little bit more fixed capital in our business now because of things like vending and automation in our warehouse and the fact that we have our own trucking network, but its really a working capital business. When we put up good growth, the number Holden just cited, that 100%, that becomes more challenging, and historically I would expect our number if were putting up good growth to pull down in to the mid-90s as a percentage of earnings, because your AR and your inventory are growing faster because youre supporting an ever growing business. Thats considered a good problem.  The dynamics have changed a little bit on that math because our tax rate is lower now, so we produced a higher--the 100 of earnings isnt 100 of earnings anymore, its a little bit higher, so you can--it raises that relationship. If I look at when growth really stalls, I mean, the best year weve had for operating cash to earnings as a percentage, the best year that Ive ever seen was 2009. I hope that never repeats itself. We threw out more cash than you could imagine because the business slowed down, and if you dont have more sales, you dont have more receivables. If you dont have sales growing in the future, you dont need to be beefing up your inventory. The only dynamic that can muck that up is if it slows down quickly because we cant shut off the inbound inventory fast, but the receivables would drop off as the sales drop off.
Dan Florness: With that, I see were at 9:59. I just want to close the call with a few final thoughts. First off, thank you for participating on our call today. Thanks for your interest in Fastenal and for being a shareholder in Fastenal.  One thing for us to think about as weve moving from a $5 billion to a $10 billion company and you start thinking about gross profit, operating expenses and operating margin, the message internally is quite clear for our employees. As our business evolves, if I looked out to that $10 billion company and I was just putting a guess of where I think the numbers are, I think gross margin--if the mix ends up where I think its going to be, I think the gross margin is around 46 and I think theres some things we have to do to get better at, to be at 46. Is there upside to that? Sure, but in planning for that 46, I also tell our team we need to plan on operating expenses being in the lower half of the 20s. Twenty-four is the number I always think of, and that allows us to be in a position where we could throw up operating margins at 22. I think thats very realistic.  If I look at regions where we have a lot of onsites and a mature business, the midwestern U.S. as an example, were above those numbers. This is a conservative view of the future, but I look at it and say, if I look at Page 9 of Holdens flip book, the question a shareholder needs to ask himself is Fastenal is investing to grow rapidly - weve added 30% to our key account teams in the last three years. Technology, we decided three years ago to spend 50 basis points more every year to become a leader in technology in our industry, not a follower of technology in our industry. We saw with great partnerships over the years - our vending partnership for the last 10, our mobility partnership we put in place next year, we think were a different organization now. Fastenal Express, as I touched on in the last call, is not a train, its a rocket. Its growing nicely in our business. Its not about the revenue growth it can produce, which I think it can; its about the efficiency it can bring to our team.  But looking at all those things and are you interested in being a shareholder in Fastenal, looking at the return on invested capital that we throw off, that Holden details out on Page 9, I think were a great proposition to own and I would challenge our shareholders to step up and buy some more, just like I challenge our employees to be willing to learn and change, and we challenge our customers to be open-minded about their supply chain. Thats how we all get better. Thanks, and have a good week, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Stolts - Investor Relations Dan Florness - President and Chief Executive Officer Holden Lewis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Cieslak - Northcoast Research Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Evelyn Chow - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ellen Stolts with Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2018 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 1 hour and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2018 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining the third quarter earnings conference call for Fastenal Company. I will start the discussion with  before I get to the flipbook, just recap a few things going on in our business and to add some transparency to some things that are going on in the business, had a call early this morning with our regional leadership and around the planet. Holden ran through a bunch of the financial aspects and discussed the release in general, talked about some of the points that we will be focusing on in the earnings call today to have that group be really well-informed of whats happening in the business and thats something we do every quarter. I started my comments with a simple message to the group. September was a big month. Coming into the month, we had an aggressive goal. And January caused us to just miss our internal sales goal earlier in the year. Since then we have been in excess of goal every month, very similar to what we experienced in 2017 from the standpoint of good solid top line growth hitting our internal goals, which gives us the confidence to invest in the business. Year-to-date, we are at 100.7% of goal. When I looked at the numbers on last Saturday, a week ago Saturday, we were at 99.9%, not all the numbers were in yet. So I thought okay, we have a good shot of hitting goal. We came in at 100.0% of goal in September. Proud of what we accomplished as an organization from the standpoint of establishing the goal and going out and getting it. In the last 2 days, we had our typical board meetings and the evening before our board meeting is typically a session where we introduce a topic that we delve deeper into. In past quarters, we have talked about some of the acquisitions we have done, we have talked about some business development opportunities, we will talk specifically about our Onsite business, our vending business, our e-commerce business, our construction business, just to shed additional insight for our Board of Directors for their own knowledge and engagement as a Director of our organization, but also to solicit input from a very talented group. Our meeting on Monday evening, I typically dont cover that session, I covered that session and talked a bit about the company and I just want to share some of the things we talked about. As we did at last years annual meeting, we talk about Fastenal, what we looked like when we were a $2 billion company, which was roughly 11 years ago in 2007. We talked a bit at that time about what we will look like as a $4 billion company. And this year as we prepare for our internal discussions in December and our annual meeting next year, we will get to talk about Fastenal as a $5 billion company and well talk about how we have morphed, how we have evolved over the last 10, 11 years. We also had a pretty lengthy discussion about what we look like when we are a $10 billion company. And we focused on four aspects of the business. One was the products we sell. If you look at it fasteners and now safety products combined make up roughly half of our business. Fasteners made up half our business a decade ago, but as the other businesses have grown, especially safety has grown, its morphed a little bit. We talked about our selling channels, our branch, our Onsite integrated supply, a relatively small business thats kind of tucked away into the Onsite business. And our channel extender in everything that we do, a little thing called vending and in-stock. We talked about the definition of our customer, who it was 10 years ago, who it is today, who do we believe its going to be 10 years  excuse me when we are a $10 billion company, and there we talked about the manufacturing customer, little bit of some of the subsets, the construction customer, a government customer and all the others. We talked at length about the request mode. And what I mean by that is how thats changed over time in how our customers are ordering. A big swathe, our request mode is vending, where the customer doesnt request it. Our supply chain delivers it to them at point of use, at time of use, and we measure our fulfillment in the context of minutes, not hours, not days, but minutes. In our branch network, we measure it in the context of minutes and hours. In our distribution network, we measure it in the context of 8 hours away, but impressive supply chain in how -- customers ordering patterns and how thats morphing can play really into the strengths of Fastenal. Four things I highlighted just for additional discussion, some that were tangential to this discussion was our branch economics. We started talking about what we call pathway to profit, 10, 12 years ago. Pathway to profit is still alive and well within Fastenal when I think of our branch network and understanding how that branch network funds our ability to migrate the business into a more Onsite world. The continuing traction we are seeing in the e-commerce, web, I mentioned to the board that night. I said last quarter was kind of fun to casually mention on the call that we now have a $100 million web business within Fastenal. Thats ignoring EDI, thats ignoring the electronic orders that are coming in from vending. Thats just looking at where people hop on the web and we have re-branded that mostly to what we call Fastenal Express, but its a $100 million business within Fastenal, growing handsomely. To that extent, 3 months later, I can look at that and say that $100 million business is now $110 million business, you can do the math on what that means as far as growth, but its seeing substantial growth. And interestingly enough, we are seeing the growth not just in our branch network, we are actually seeing faster growth in our Onsite network, its a more efficient way of ordering. So not only does it help us grow faster, it helps us be more efficient. And a critical part of our success as we morph from a $5 billion to a $10 billion company is managing the operating expense within the organization, and you are seeing some of that shine through as we go quarter-to-quarter. We did a bit of a recap on how we communicate and learn internally, how we define the message and our focus and how our emphasis is always on what is special about Fastenal and how does that something special benefit our customer. And lets make investments to grow there and differentiate ourselves in the market, be something special for the customer. We also touched on people development and some leader development aspects we have in place for 2018 and how thats changing us going into 2019. That transitioned from Monday night into Tuesday and we had a pretty lengthy discussion on tariffs and inflation in general. We started that discussion to make sure everybody is on the same page, is awareness to what we are talking about, because there is lot of terms that get thrown around in the media, there is lot of terms that get thrown around in the press in general, lot of terms that get thrown around in our organization. Since they emanate from a government source terminology, you know darn well, they are never going to be intuitive. So, we walked through and tried to make some intuitiveness to it. We talked at length about the 232 steel tariffs. It took place early in the year, a 25% tariff that frankly had limited impact, direct impact on Fastenal, but does create a step up in the introduction of inflation in the marketplace. We talked about the 232 auto tariffs, a minimal impact. First off, they have been implemented, but secondly, even when they are, the focus for us is really understanding what that means to demand aspects of the North American marketplace, we also operate a pretty sizable fleet, we have about 6,500 Dodge Ram pickups parked in front of our branches, delivering product and making sales calls every day. We have a distribution infrastructure about 500 vehicles between semis and straight trucks, supporting our customers every day, and anything that impacts that category of our cost pool, wed be mindful of. We talked at length about Section 301, because here is what it starts to change. Back in July, for lack of a better definition, our folks described it as List 1, Im not sure if thats an official name or just our name, but List 1 came out in July, and it involved about $34 billion in North American spend going into China, 25% tariff on that. As weve talked about in previous discussions, thats pretty limited for us. There were some impacts. Again, it's about the element of inflation its introducing into the economy. On August 23, a second list, list number two came out, that impacted about $16 billion worth of imports, again, there was a 25% tariff. While there were some impacts for Fastenal, it was relatively limited in and how it played out in our business. List 3 was announced on September 17, became effective September 24, so starting a number of weeks ago, it's directly impacting the North American supply chain for our customers. We are an important component of that North American supply chain for our customers in the marketplace in general, therefore, it has an impact on our business. If I  an added piece to that is that meaningful impact that kicked in place a number of weeks ago is scheduled to go from 10% to 25% on January 1. Only time will tell what actually happens? It wasn't too long ago, it looked like NAFTA could easily fall apart into sort of a trilateral relationship, couple of bilateral relationships to 11th-hour, calmer heads prevailed. And while everything isnt a done deal yet, it appears that the differences that existed between the respective governments, respective countries have been largely resolved, and time will tell if the two sides of the Pacific Ocean will have a similar coming of the minds and anybody's guess on this call is as good as if not better than mine on how that will play out. Our commitment is to our customer and our employee. Every day we balance this commitment with four overriding aspects of our covenant with our customer. One is a reliable supply to support their business, whether that is OEM fasteners, MRO fasteners, MRO non-fasteners, product going through our branch, our Onsite or vending, it doesn't matter. A reliable supply that consists of quantity and quality. One of the challenges with redirecting your supply chain or making changes to your supply chain, you can interrupt both of those and it impedes the ability to move quickly. The second is value. Were all about total cost of ownership for our customer, that means time, that means price. We are managing through this. The third is ideas, solutions and alternatives. One aspect of our approach with our customer is suggesting alternatives to their supply chain to minimize the impact, again, thats our covenant with our customer. Finally, the health of our supply chain. That dictates everyday where we push and how hard we push on our supplier base because ultimately supplier that is not able to invest in their business is not a great long-term supplier in our supply chain. Our steps started three to four months ago, an active re-sourcing effort. The reality of it is  and this is that unique to Fastenals business, this is true of the North American supply chain. A lot of categories are directly impacted by the Section 301, and theyre meaningful spend if I look at the business in North America. Some categories of ours that really jump out that have big impacts, power transmission, electronics and batteries, plumbing, machinery, welding, paint supplies, material handling. These are items that actually have a really big impact. For us they are relatively small part of our business. So that's more of a issue for a supply chain thats going through other sources generally speaking than Fastenal because they are all as a percentage of our business, single-digits. Number 11 on my list here of categories that are impacted is that the thing thats near and dear to our heart called fasteners. Its a meaningful impact for that group and that group is a big percentage of our spend. And as we have talked in the past, a large part of the North American supply chain and Fastenal supply chain comes through sources outside the United States or sources outside North America. And a high percentage of that source and this data is publicly available as far as where we import from, a good piece of that is coming from China and thats true in our business as well. If I go a little deeper down the list, I see safety products, another one thats a meaningful component of our business because of our vending platform. One of the things that we have to help manage through it better than in the past is we have a great national account team and a great Onsite team, a great implementation team, a great engineering team and a great supply chain support infrastructure for that piece of our business. Those discussions have been going on in earnest. They continue to go on in earnest and we are shedding light to the supply chain of those customers and having discussions about prices and options. Another piece is and we talked about this, not in great detail, in the July call, but we talked about it in meaningful detail in the April call about on our local pricing. Our tools for managing that werent as sophisticated and frankly a lot of the tools we had for managing that disappeared over the last 3, 4, 5 years as we were plugging up backdoors to our point-of-sale system for changing prices in an effort to improve our security. In July, we rolled out a new means to manage local contract pricing or local pricing. Holden mentioned in our release that we got some improvement in our price cost inflation during the third quarter and we kept pace with the third quarter. That is a true and accurate statement for the third quarter. One point I would make is we started this in July and really got traction in August. While at the third quarter we kept pace with the current inflation and we didnt get back any of the inflation we lost in the first two quarters of the year, in the month of September, if I look at our local pricing, we did achieve a very good claw back into that first and second quarter. And so we exit the quarter at a much better position than we entered the quarter or in what the quarter experienced and thats a positive from our business, from our standpoint, to be an efficient supply chain to manage that inflation dynamics in the marketplace and to manage the relative gross margin of each component of our business, but it was really shining through in September, not in July, August and September. With that I am going to switch over to the flipbook and then I will transition over to Holden. If I look at the quarter, very good quarter, 13% sales growth in the third quarter of 18, thats our sixth straight quarter of sales growth greater than 10%, excellent leverage in the business. As we have talked about in the past, our big challenge as our growth was expanding was the incentive compensation component of our cost pool, at the branch, at the district, at the region, at the distribution center and the support functions throughout the organization as our growth came back in 2017 and 2018 and our earnings growth improved. We reloaded up on the incentive comp and we saw meaningful inflation, because the incentive comp was expanding, a very typical thing I would expect to see in the Fastenal business. We have anniversaried that now and you see it shining through in our ability to get operating leverage at the operating expense line. The earnings per share grew 38.3% obviously aided by tax reform. Absent this, on 13% sales growth, we grew our earnings 15%. Thats the fastest rate so far in the cycle. We are very pleased with that and we are proud of what our teams did. As Holdens point here, incremental pricing was realized in the third quarter, largely offset incremental cost increases in the period. We exited the quarter in a much different place. Flipping over to Page 2, we signed 88 Onsites in the third quarter. We have talked in the past about participation and the importance of participation in our business. Last year through 9 months of the year, 64% of our district managers had signed in Onsite. We hang out for our district managers, if we can get to 80% participation on anything we do, we will be successful. Our goal is to hit 80% for the year. Through 9 months of 2018 that 64% has grown to 72%. Onsite is part of Fastenal. Its not a subset within Fastenal its part of our business now and you are seeing it shine through in the numbers. We have signed 269 Onsites year-to-date. Last year, we signed 270 for the year. Switching to vending, also part of our business now, like Onsite, we signed 5,877 vending devices in the quarter. There is 63 days in the quarter. We are signing 93 devices per day, not too far from hitting 100 devices signed each and every business day of the year. Our revenue in that is growing well. Our installed base is growing well. And we feel very good about in both of those, Onsite is probably going to be at the lower end of that range based on our run-rate and well into the range in case of vending signings. We are taking market share here and there is something special about Fastenal that our competitors cannot bring to the marketplace in the same way we can. Total in-market locations, 3,089, if you look at it, we are up 116 year-over-year, which is about 4% increase. Branches are down 157, which is about a 6.5% decrease, but Onsites are up 273, almost a 50% increase, lot of numbers flying around here. What it means is as our business is morphing, our need for people is always important, because we are a service organization and thats what we represent for our customer, but it allows us to manage the business a little bit more efficiently from a headcount perspective and you are seeing that shine through in our numbers. National accounts grew 18% in the quarter, impressive team, both the sales team, the implementation team, as well as our service teams in our branches in Onsite. Non-U.S. daily sales, which are about 15% of our business, grew 20% in the quarter despite some pretty extensive foreign exchange headwinds and that shined through in our gross margin a bit as well. With that, I am going to turn over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thanks, Dan. Flipping over to Slide 5, as covered, total and daily sales were up 13% in the third quarter, which is consistent with the growth of the first half. This runs our monthly streak of 10% plus growth to 16 months, but perhaps as notable to say that adjusting for our acquisitions and foreign exchange, our August and September daily sales rate actually hit 14%. What that means is that nearly one and three quarters into the current years  into the current expansionary cycle, we are still posting new highs for organic growth. We also estimate that pricing contributed between 120 and 170 basis points in the period, an increase from the first half when we did 50 to 100 basis points. In addition to contribution from our growth drivers, as Dan discussed, this growth is supported by healthy macro conditions. The PMI averaged 59.7 in the third quarter and industrial production continues to expand at a low to mid single-digit rate. From a market standpoint, non-residential construction grew 16.2% and manufacturing grew 13%, in both cases, consistent with the prior quarters growth. From a product standpoint, fasteners were up 10.8% and non-fasteners were up 14.9%, again in both cases in line with the second quarter levels. Lastly, from a customer standpoint, national accounts were up 18% in the quarter, with 79 of our top 100 accounts growing and non-national accounts grew mid to high single-digits, with nearly 67% of our branches growing. In terms of market tone, sentiment in the field remains constructive and we would characterize conditions being stable at high levels. Now, sliding over to Slide 6, our gross margin was 48.1% in the third quarter, down 100 basis points from the third quarter last year. This was a larger decline than we expected, especially as the improved price realization largely neutralized incremental product cost increases we continued to experience in the quarter, roughly 80 basis points of this decline was from product and customer mix, higher branch freight expenses and higher growth allowances that are attributable to the sustained strong growth we are experiencing with our largest customers. The remainder is a function of foreign exchange and other organizational factors. Sequentially, we believe the lions share of our 60 basis points decline is due to seasonality, foreign exchange and branch freight costs. As it relates to the outlook for price costs, we think that being able to neutralize the impact of inflation in the third quarter speaks to our rebuilding of pricing muscle memory in the organization and the effectiveness of the tools we have introduced. These will be helpful as the situation with tariffs play out. Still, the latter likely means we have not seen the end of product cost increases and until greater clarity comes to the market, its difficult to know how price costs will play out in the upcoming quarters. Our operating margin was 20.5% in the third quarter, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Strong volumes drove 130 basis points of cost leverage and generated an incremental margin of 23.1%. Looking at the pieces, we achieved 50 basis points of leverage over employee-related costs, growth in incentive compensation outpaced sales and profits, but it did moderate versus where we were last year. Occupancy-related costs were up 2.3% generating 50 basis points of leverage. Lower branch costs were offset by higher costs related to non-branch facilities with the increase deriving from higher vending expenses to support the growth in our installed base. We realized an additional 40 basis points of leverage from general corporate expenses. Putting it all together, the third quarter of 2018 EPS were $0.69, excluding a discrete tax item, this would have been $0.68 or up 37% from the third quarter of 2017. In the absence of tax reform and the lower rate that it provides to us, EPS would have been $0.57 and growth would have been 15%. We continue to anticipate a tax rate of 24.5% to 25% absent refinements in the application of or discrete events arising from the recent tax reform. Flipping to Page 7, we generated $185 million in operating cash in the third quarter, which is 93% of net income. This is a lower conversion rate than we might typically see in third quarters, which relates to working capital that I will cover that in a moment. Net capital spending in the third quarter was $35 million bringing our year-to-date outlays to $89 million, an increase of 16% over the first 9 months to 2017. The timing of outlays is such that we do expect higher spending in the fourth quarter for expansions and upgrades at our properties as well as IT assets than we have seen in any of the first three quarters of 2018. However, given the rate of spending to this point in the year, we are reducing our 2018 capital spending projection to $152 million for our previous $158 million. We increased funds paid out in dividends to shareholders by 25% to $115 million and we finished the quarter with debt at 14.4% of total capital below last year and last quarter and at levels that provide ample liquidity to take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business. The picture of our working capital grew more challenging in the third quarter. Inventories were up 14.1% in the period. Representing the first quarter were growth in inventory has outpaced growth in sales to the fourth quarter of 2016 and thats largely due to inflation beginning to ripple through our balance sheet. Receivables grew 22.2% in the third quarter. This continued to be affected by growth in our national accounts and international businesses both of which tend to have longer terms than our business as a whole, but the biggest factor continues to be customers pushing payments past quarter end, a trend that we have seen since the fourth quarter of 2017. After that moderated last quarter, it intensified again in the third quarter, but we have not seen any meaningful change in hard-to-collect balances, the quality of our receivables remains solid. Thats all for our formal presentation. And with that operator, we will move to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Cieslak with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Cieslak: Hey, good morning guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Ryan Cieslak: Yes. I guess the first question I just wanted to go back to the gross margin comments weaker than expected versus our model, it seemed like maybe below what you guys were expecting as well. Holden, maybe sequentially, it sounds like the freight component once again it creeped up and it was a big factor there. Could you just discuss what changed this quarter versus last quarter, and do you view this more as transitory or how do we think about freight costs certainly for the balance of the year, but even as we get into next year?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I think that costs continue to go up from a freight standpoint, and I think we have talked about how we did a nice job offsetting some of those issues in the second quarter, we talked a little bit about moving more product on to our own trucks, doing a better job sort of finding means of generating additional revenue and we still worked through that in Q3, but pricing is still a challenge. And I would say that, that is a part of the equation still. Now, the impact from freight was more meaningful on a year-over-year basis than it was on a sequential basis, make no mistake right, but I think if you look from a sequential standpoint, I think that you are looking at seasonality played a role, I think foreign exchange certainly played a role. And then you do get into some drag from branch freight and some of the customer allowances, but they are relatively smaller. So, I think that the impact from freight was more annual than it was sequential.
Dan Florness: Sequential, one thing we are seeing and this has been our mantra all year is fuel prices are what they are whether whether that is diesel going into our semi fleet or gasoline going into our pick-up fleet. The real mantra is charge freight where its appropriate, and weve been a  weve seen a pretty consistent level of that. And use our trucks, the challenge to our branch employees, our Onsite employees -- use our trucks, a challenge to our supply chain, use our trucks because its a lower cost and weve seen some success in that as weve gone through the year.
Ryan Cieslak: Okay. So, it doesnt sound like there is anything unusual or one-time in nature as it relates to freight here in the quarter. So, I know you guys arent big on giving your quarterly guidance on gross margins, but directionally is the 48.1% that you put up, good starting point and should we be thinking about just normal sequential progression into the fourth quarter or is there something that we should be thinking about where you see it maybe playing out better than that going into the fourth quarter?
Holden Lewis: Yes. As it relates to the freight side of it, no, I dont think theres anything unusual there. Honestly, I have to say its been fairly impressive the degree to which the field has been able to move some product off of third-parties on to our own fleet and other things of that nature, as Dan said fuel is a big issue. So, as it relates to branch  to branch freight or freight generally, I dont think theres anything unusual there. As it relates to gross margin more broadly, yes, I think thinking about typical seasonality is not unreasonable here. There are certainly some comp give and takes as we move into Q4, freight being one of those. It is in Q4 last year that we began to see a lot of these costs really beginning to move up, right. So, I mean, thats one where there might be some easier comps, but there are some other items in there that might be less favorable comps. So, I think if you think about the gives or takes, I feel like you should probably think about the seasonality. And the one perhaps caution Ill give there is, seasonality is usually maybe 20 basis points to 40 basis points lower in fourth quarter than third quarter. It also tends to be a much more volatile quarter than is typical in terms of where that comes through. I think that we can find some gives and takes that move us to the high end of that and thats what were going to strive to do, but I dont think its unreasonable to think in terms of normal seasonality at this point.
Dan Florness: Ill just  Ill chime in with a couple positives when I think about going into the fourth quarter. We exited the quarter in a better position than we entered the quarter from the standpoint of our pricing in general because of things weve put in place in July and August, point number one. Point number two, one of our hard presses on our folks as it relates to all the noise, the turmoils going on right now is be engaged with your customer from the standpoint of product substitution. That tends over historically to help us from a gross margin perspective. And so, when I look at that, theres some built-in enlist to it and  but well continue to have the impact that weve seen in the mix of our business, and thats not a new thing. The last piece is, one component of our gross margin centers on the volume allowances that either go to customers or come from suppliers. When I look at that, some years you will have a bias towards what direction one or the other might go depending on the relative strength of that of our overall growth for the year because a lot of those programs are calendar-based. As weve been seeing as weve gone through the year, the customer side, strong growth in national accounts, so theres a piece there but nothing new as far as any kind of change sequentially. If I look at it on the supplier side, sometimes you can get an uptick or a downtick in the fourth quarter depending on where the programs come out. With our strong growth this year, the bias is toward up not down. So, I would look at that and say on the ledger theres more things that are  ignoring seasonality, more things that are biased up versus down.
Ryan Cieslak: Okay, thats helpful, and then just for my follow-up. Last quarter you guys gave sort of an initial estimate of what you think the direct exposure was to China from a sourcing standpoint as a percentage of your COGS. Any update there certainly as youve gone through, theres some additional lists have come out, Im sure you guys have done some additional work around that. And then just how do we think about maybe just directionally going into next year, I know you guys have always talked about mix always being a net negative to your gross margins. Should we think about the tariff situation also being a net negative to your gross margins next year or they are  is it too early to tell at this point? Thanks.
Dan Florness: I think its  on that  there is a number of things punched into that question. So, as you unwind it from a tariff perspective, its way too early to gauge because we dont know what the next leg is going to be, is there going to be a next leg. We dont know if were going to be sitting here in March and 10 is at 25 or 10 is at 10 or 10 is at zero, we dont know if its on the SKUs its on today, if its on expanded list or a contracted list. So I dont think anybody can intelligently predict that today. I do know we have a really good plan for how we are approaching it. If I look at historically, we have talked about and I am a big believer in transparency, I might be a little opaque here, because I dont want to put our field team in a bad position from the standpoint. If I sat down with 10 different customers, the percentage of what they are buying thats sourced in one country to another or in different parts of the world in general can vary dramatically depending on if it is a fastener. Fastener products have a very high content of imported products and a lot of that is coming out of China. So if you think about that third of our business, a big piece of that is sourced globally and most of that had moved outside of North America before we even started in business back in the late 60s. And so that 35% is a pretty big piece. On the non-fasteners, its also a quite large piece. And this isnt just a comment about Fastenal this is a comment about supply chains in general. So, I would expect most companies you will find is that you are going to have over half of their business is sourced outside of North America and a meaningful piece of that out of China and you would see the same, but I dont want to get into specifics beyond that, because one customer and might impact what they are spending 10%, another customer might be 30%.
Holden Lewis: But Ryan, I think yes, just to touch on last call, you are right, I mean, I had indicated at that call that we were looking at basically roughly 10% of our products sourced from China and that there was a chunk of that, where it was just a guess right, just a guess because one quarter of our total buys across the company are bought by the field rather than corporately. And this local capability to buy is a big reason for our industry outgrowth, but it also reduces the visibility. And as you said, we have sharpened our pencils on this and we are trying not to be overly specific about it, but I think it is fair to say that our number is north of that 10% range that I had indicated earlier. So that is definitely a larger number that comes directly from China.
Dan Florness: In fairness to Holden, I felt he was answering a different question on that call or I would correct him on the spot. I know he was talking about the first rounds being a single digit, a low percentage impact and that realized the intent of his answer. And not all that 30%  not all that amount is going to be captured in this first round, so we will see what happens going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. Thank you. My first question is  just the first question is around working capital, it seems like its a much bigger source of cash the first three quarters this year than the last number of years. Clearly, some of that is inventory, but a lot of that is AR, so maybe just walk us through our customers just being later or just walk us through sort of how you think about that be as that normalize or just any color there would be great?
Dan Florness: So I will throw in a few pieces because I have been a few years on my belt that Holden didnt have yet. If you think about our business, our local, if you go back years ago, our days on  our days to collect would have been better, because our business was primarily a local business. And if I look at our local business, which is roughly half our revenue, you would see that our stats for that business is largely unchanged from what it would have been 10, 15, 20 years ago. In the last 20 years, we have gone from 2%, 3% from our revenue be in national account, so 52% of our revenue being national account and we have gone from international being two locations in Southern Ontario to 15% of our revenue. Two things I can tell you what national customers and international customers in general, they pay slower than our local customers. And so they have been attributing to 70% of our growth between Onsites and lot of things we do Onsite spending etcetera really go towards a larger key account in that local market, whether its a national account or not, but a larger customer and oftentimes their ability to negotiate terms that are linked to growing the business occur and so there is some structural aspects to it. The offset to that is that they also drive volume through our branch network and over time allow us to continually drive down the days of inventory on hand, because we are leveraging it across the bigger revenue base. So its finding that balance, but it creates some challenges in near-term.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. And then just a follow-up question is sort of how do you think about sort of headcount growth going forward? I realize your sales are growing a lot faster, but at the same time your business mix has shifted more to Onsite. So, is historically the relationship between sales growth and headcount growth different now that the model is changed or just any thoughts on how you think about that piece would be great? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Yes, Hamzah. So, I think its fair to say I believe that the source of our headcount growth has diversified over the past few years, right. There was a time when we were heavily branch oriented, where most of our headcount was going into the branches and we are adding branches and filling those out. As we have become as reliant on the Onsites and vending, national account growth, then a lot of the headcount that we add is coming outside of the branches, perhaps to a degree that was not true 10 years ago, lets say. And we should be able to build a fairly significant revenue base off of that headcount relative to what we have been able to achieve before. I think its fair to say that in the past, we would have had to throw a lot of bodies and heads into growing the revenues. And today, I think that there is more leverage in the model for headcount growth than it has been the case in the past. That said, growing 13% does require investment in the business and that investment is in the form of headcount both in the branches as well as outside of the branches and we began to see in August and September those numbers begin to tick up and we would expect to continue to add branches to support our growth going forward.
Dan Florness: What I might add, if you look at the table in the press release, we talk about absolute employee headcount and I am talking about the in-market locations and then the FTE employee headcount in-market locations and you see the FTE growing a bit faster than the absolute. I have challenged our team to add a little bit more absolute, but to build to our recruiting pool and the way we build staff in our branch is we aggressively go into 4-year state colleges, 2-year technical colleges and recruit and ask you to come work for us part time while they are still in school. And those numbers need to be built a little bit. But if you add 1% to that number, for example, it doesnt translate into 1% FTE, because it translates into about a half and its a less expensive FTE and you dont do it for the cost, you do it for the recruiting pool of the future. And so you will see that pickup a little bit, but will be very I believe efficient at managing the expense of that component.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. And then just lastly I will turn it over, just to make sure we are consistent with how you are thinking about tariffs. At this moment, you are sort of not quantifying how much of your business is directly sourced in China or you are sort of not quantifying how much of the business is sourced in China that is impacted by tariffs, because I realized those are two different numbers?
Dan Florness: There is a subset of SKUs that we do import from China that are impacted. That subset is much larger in some of those categories I touched about earlier. In fasteners, its about, its 10, 11 down the list as far as subcategories. And so it hasnt been fully impacted. If you look at it on a lot of things that I have been looking at, the fact that its about half of the imports coming in are of that $500 billion are now tariffed, thats not too far off the mark of what we are seeing in our business too.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman: Sticking with that theme I guess, when you think about the strategy here in the medium term of your purchasing strategy, I guess should we expect the company to be pre-buying ahead of what potentially could be bigger price increases for those tariff-related products from China or are you looking to resource items from other countries more aggressively and not pre-buy? I guess I am just trying to think through the inventory cadence here through the next quarter or two?
Dan Florness: Id say  Id say yes to each and every one of those to a certain degree and no to another, and that is we started some months ago in earnest looking at where were sourcing, and  but you also have to look at it from the standpoint of whats the alternative source, is there capacity available, is the quality the same and whats the price point. We could boost some stuff out of China to another source, if you add 5%, 6%, 7% and that 10% is there for the next three years, thats a good decision. If you add  if you do that and you add 15% or 20% or 30% to the cost, its a really bad idea. It becomes a less bad idea if 10% goes to 25% and it sticks. So, in an environment where theres political variability as opposed to economic variability, makes it very challenging to plan. And the biggest thing is having a good open dialog with your customer, but also understanding for a lot of our customers what we spend is a relatively small part of their spend or what we sell is a relatively small part of their spend, so, its creating the least amount of disruption to their supply chain, but we have redirected some already. As far as buying ahead, the problem with that is the  predicting exactly whats going to be needed and where and for some items you can do it. But again, depending on whats going to happen because supply chains  when we order stuff today its not coming in next week or next month, its coming in three, four months from now. So, you have some limited ability to do that, but to the extent we can redirect some, absolutely weve been doing that. But Adam, just to sort of flesh out the question, the inventory I would not expect it to move meaningfully based on pre-bought volumes. Again, weve looked into it, there is tight capacity for products in a lot of places and we didnt have the ability to meaningfully ramp up the amount that we pre-purchased based on what is pre-existing tight capacity.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, thanks for that. And then just related to that, I guess, historically, what do you think the lag has been for your national account customer price realization relative to your cost inflation and the efforts that you put into place recently, its good to see in September price cost is covering what youd done with earlier in the year. I guess, should we expect that there is any difference as we start to think about 2019 in terms of your ability to pass along those higher cost to those big customers that push back so hard?
Dan Florness: Well the  its always going to be an intimate discussion with every customer and some its a willingness to peer into the supply chain, flexibility on source supply. OEM fasteners has a different dynamic to it than MRO fasteners for example. But historically, the pricing we saw in September thats more on our local customer where timeframe is different, and because its so diffused that was challenging us earlier in the year because we didnt have great tools to manage it. If I think of our national account relationships, most of that is historically on a  kind of a six-month window that we can move pricing. And obviously extreme  certain commodities dont fall into that if its things like stainless, which has much more variability, we tightened that window up. In the case of something like this, where its a political event, you do have the ability to accelerate that as does our supply base to accelerate that window because the stuff were buying last summer that or last fall that came in on September 20, doesnt have a tariff, if it came in four days later, it does. So, its not about when you ordered, its about when it crossed the border. And so its being very mindful of that, and sometimes  and that can change the timing window, but historically it would have been about a six-month window.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Evelyn Chow with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Evelyn Chow: Hi, good morning, Dan and Holden.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Evelyn Chow: So, I guess first question I have for you is just kind of thinking about inflationary impact on your inventory. Is there any meaningful difference in your turn on the fastener versus non-fastener pieces of your portfolio? And then how do we start thinking about the impact of some of this inflation on your buy noting that pre-buy has been challenging for you?
Dan Florness: The terms on the fasteners will be somewhat slower than the turns on the non-fasteners, simply because we source a much greater proportion of fasteners from overseas than we do non-fasteners, not just from China, but from other countries as well. I dont think it would be unexpected to suggest that the vast majority of our fasteners spend is from outside the U.S. and significantly in Asia. And so you are going to have a longer turn on fasteners than you will on non-fasteners. Our non-fasteners also carry more of a branded component to them. That lends itself too. We are sourcing it domestically. Now, it might have been manufactured offshore, but we are sourcing it domestically and therefore you have a tighter window too as far as turns.
Evelyn Chow: Right. Makes sense, yes. And then I guess maybe on a sort of related point to this, appreciate that its challenging to quantify right now exactly what the impact to your COGS might be from List 3 in particular, but just thinking sort of lot of your fastener buy is from outside the U.S., some proportion of your buy thats non-fasteners is also outside the U.S. Is there any thought as to maybe pulling back on how much the field is sort of permitted to dictate the buy and make that sort of more top down in this challenging inflationary backdrop?
Dan Florness: I dont know if I would phrase it as permitted to buy. I think ultimately our customer decides what supply channel is best for their business from the standpoint of their end customer what they expect. We have domestic capabilities too, where from a distribution perspective, we have the largest  when I look at our peers we have the largest manufacturing of fasteners capability in our industry. And so we manufacture  35% of our revenue is fasteners. We manufacture about 5% of what we sell. So, 5% of that 35%, we manufacture domestically for the most part. Look, we have some operations in Europe and Asia as well, but most of our operations are domestic. And there is a customer base that wants that. The reality of it is for fasteners and for non-fasteners there is not capacity to handle it domestically, even if we wanted to move more domestically, the capacity doesnt exist, because the fastener capacity thats retained in this country, we are a meaningful piece of it, because of what we have done, but much of it has moved offshore, again, lot of that back in the 50s, 60s and 70s.
Holden Lewis: Yes, Evelyn, you have to also remember that the ability of our folks in the field to make decisions about what their customers need is a real important piece to how we service the customer and how we achieve the kind of outgrowth that we do. Now, we have obviously encouraged the field to wherever possible, maybe to use exclusive brands as sort of a product substitution, look for product within our network as opposed to having to go outside of our network, because obviously where we have scale in purchasing we can do  we can address the issues of inflation more greatly, but I think it would be a mistake to take something which has served us so well culturally and in terms of growth over such a long period of time and begin to uproot those kinds of things. I think we are far better off taking the relationships that those local sales folks have, have those conversations, use the tools that have never been better, use the experience they have in sort of having these conversations which again has never been better and continue to service the customer in that way.
Evelyn Chow: Understood. And then maybe if I can just sneak in one on Onsites, I think you noted that you are tracking a little closer to the lower end of the range for the year. I guess what are some of the drivers of that expectation and then do we still think about a 360 to 385 type run-rate into next year?
Holden Lewis: Well, I think the expectation is if we look at the first three quarters, we divide by three, multiply by four and it gets you to the math, right. How fourth quarter plays out, we will see. Its entirely possible that we will sign enough to be inside that range. And so its really just math, Evelyn. I will say this, if we come in at the low end of the range, around the low end of the range that will be as an effective job that we have done in any year of actually hitting that range. And lets not lose sight of the fact that whether its 360 or 355 or 365, thats up from 270 last year and represents significant sort of buy-in and execution on the part of the organization. So, I would perhaps put that perspective. With respect to what our expectations are for next year, frankly, we havent addressed that yet. I think we will have more to say about that as we get into the fourth quarter, but we havent set that range at this point.
Evelyn Chow: Alright. Thanks, guys.
Dan Florness: Thank you. We will take one last question and then we will wrap up the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Bhupender sitting in for Nigel here.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: So I just wanted to go through the third quarter, pretty nice average daily sales growth here in the quarter, especially for September. And Holden, like you mentioned about the tariffs which became effective September 24, just wanted to see if we can get some color did you see any kind of pre-buy in the quarter before that deadline actually for the tariff went into effect?
Holden Lewis: Are you talking about from a customer perspective or supply perspective?
Unidentified Analyst: I mean if you can give color from a customer perspective that will be good too.
Dan Florness: Yes. I will chime in on that. If you think of what we do, we provide real time supply chain for our customers and thats our value. When the customer needs something they walk over and they push a button on a vending machine and they instantly have what they need, their safety glasses, a pair of gloves, etcetera. When they are producing something, they reach over and they grab in a bin and grab the fastener they need to assemble the item they are producing. If they are doing maintenance, they go to a bin and grab it. So the value we bring is the sourcing of products we supply. There is no sourcing cost. Its available when I need it. So, it doesnt really lend itself to pre-buying. So I would say there is no pre-buying in our numbers from the context of any of our revenue numbers in the third quarter or earlier in the year for that matter.
Holden Lewis: And I have asked that question specifically of the RVPs every month in the last couple of quarters and the feedback from them is very much the same. They have not seen any indication that our products are being pre-bought and stockpiled if you will ahead of these sorts of things. Now, I cant tell you thats not happening somewhere else in the supply chain, but as it relates to our products and our supply chain, its not something that any of our RVPs or corporation is seeing.
Dan Florness: I am going to close up the call with just two quick thoughts. In the last two quarters, I have touched on something that we have never touched on as a company and that is the traction we are seeing in the ease of ordering for our customer through what we call Fastenal Express or Web. I personally have been making use of the system. And I have been probably wearing our team a little bit with things to make it easier, to make it more intuitive as a buy. And I was sharing with our board the other day, I said, yes, a couple of weeks ago I bought a case of filters, I sent the order in, a little after two, little after three I got a reply, order is ready to pickup and I stopped over there a little after 4 and picked it up. Last night, as I was leaving, after 5 oclock, I ordered a couple of rolls of Talon duct tape, thats our brand, in case anybody is curious, as well as Fastenal Jobber drill bit set, I ordered that late in the day. At 8:02 this morning, I had an e-mail from Fastenal. My order is ready to pickup. Thats measuring fulfillment of any type of order, whether its a vending machine, a bin, an e-commerce order in minutes and hours, not in days. And that transaction is a more efficient transaction for us. And that freight is part of our normal shipping network. What we are finding is between 93% and 94% of the time our customers buy online, they are picking it up at the Onsite or at the branch. They want certainty of supply and they want great availability. Second item I will touch on is we recently had Hurricane Florence hit the Southeastern part of the United States. I am thankful to say that Fastenal and our Fastenal employees and our customers came through it largely undamaged. I love hearing the stories from customers and employees alike about fellow Fastenal Blue Team members stepping into support them. We are hours away from Hurricane Michael hitting the panhandle of Florida. I believe Panama City is dead in its sites. Our best wishes and thoughts and prayers are with our team and our customers and the folks in that area. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thanks for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Stolts - Investor Relations Dan Florness - President and Chief Executive Officer Holden Lewis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Cieslak - Northcoast Research Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets David Manthey - Baird Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital Ryan Merkel - William Blair Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2018 Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Ellen Stolts of Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 1 hour and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2018 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen and good morning everybody and thank you for participating in todays call. I realize at this stage of the economic cycle, our industry is a bit out of favor, but however, I believe we have a great story to tell. And I believe our moat is expanding in the marketplace. Lets start out by going to Holdens flipbook. If I look at some of the highlights he called out, I will start with, it will be probably good if I got on the right page, Id start with our non-residential construction business is accelerating. In June, we hit 17%. In all honesty, I dont understand the strength behind it. I know the things we have done to build momentum there, but I was very pleased with the progress we saw in the second quarter. Our manufacturing demand is stable at very healthy levels. We rolled that together. We grew our sales 13.1% in the second quarter. Thats our fifth straight quarter of double-digit growth. So, when I think about it I think there is two things that are noteworthy there. One is we are growing on some good growth numbers and I think thats a pretty strong statement. The second thing is a year ago in late March 2017 we acquired a great organization in Michigan called Mansco, we anniversaried that acquisition on March 31. So, our growth in the second quarter was 100% organic. And we put up I think a great number. If I look at on the operating income side, our operating income grew 13.3%, which is a beautiful thing. Our reported EPS was $0.74. However, there was a discrete tax item in there, so really pleased with the earnings growth we saw in the quarter and our ability to manage our expenses. Holden will touch on some of this a little bit deeper later. Onsite and vending signings are on pace to achieve our 2018 targets. As mentioned, we had significant operating leverage in the second quarter, including employee-related expenses and our gross margin was stable on a sequential basis, which I think was an important thing to note. And the real key to the stability from Q1 to Q2 from my perspective is we did a little bit better job using our own trucks. We have always talked about the fact that we have a great trucking network we built over the last 35 years. We have a structural advantage in the marketplace. And frankly, the marketplace is becoming increasingly more expensive and so our ability to divert some of our shipments off of third-party carriers on to our own network serve us well in any economy. It served us really well in the second quarter. In the context of normal seasonality, our operating cash flow improved in the second quarter. We repurchased some stock. And as we announced last night, we increased our third quarter dividend from the $0.37 we had been doing in the first two quarters to $0.40. Flipping to the Page 4 of Holdens book, we signed 81 Onsites in the second quarter, thats a 19% increase over the second quarter of 2017 and we finished the quarter with 761 active sites, thats a 57% increase over last year. Our 2018 goal for Onsite signings remains somewhere between 360 and 385. Total in-market locations were 3,051 at the end of the quarter, up over the 2,937 a year ago. What you are seeing before your eyes is a morphing of the Fastenal distribution model. We are consolidating some locations throughout the marketplace probably a little bit more in the major metros where we have a wide smattering and some of those locations are morphing into Onsites. And so we continue to expand our in-market presence. We signed 5,537 vending devices in the second quarter, a 13.5% increase over the second quarter of 17. Our installed base grew 14.3% and the sales through our vending devices grew in excess of 20%. Our 2018 goal is to sign 21,000 to 23,000 and we feel good about that goal at this point. National accounts, our daily sales grew 19% in the second quarter. In June, we broke 20%. I have to say that tasted pretty good and I was proud of the team and everything they are doing to grow their business. Outside the U.S., our sales continued to well outpace the company and we are seeing great results within the U.S. and throughout the rest of the world. Before I turn it over to Holden, just wanted to share some commentary and call this in the category of trying to be ever more transparent of what we do and what we are seeing in the marketplace. And at 7 oclock this morning, Holden had his typical call with our leadership group, our regional Vice Presidents, our VPs that lead up support areas as well as our officers. He discussed through the earnings release to give them more insight into what we saw in the business and he gives me a few minutes at the end to throw in a few thoughts and I just thought Id share with you some of the thoughts that were covered on that call. The first one we talked about with the group is we have really decided that hitting goal matters. We have hit goal  at January, we missed goal. Weather messes us up a little bit. So, we came in just shy of goal. Since February, we have hit goal every month and we had a big goal number in June and I was pleased to say we hit it. And in total for the first and second quarters, we hit goal. Hitting goal consistently gives you confidence to invest in where you are going. From a gross margin perspective, we maintained our gross margin and the mantra of, hey, just use our trucks, played out really well. We have, as I mentioned earlier, a great trucking network and we are tapping into it a little bit more. We have been having a lot of discussions about expenses. And this is one where if I am looking at myself in the mirror, I have to say either we are not communicating really well or you are not listening. And I think its probably more we need to step it up on how we communicate. So I am taking that piece on from the standpoint  after the first quarter, when we grew our labor expense about 14%, I got a lot of phone calls from shareholders in the sell side community really wondering, what the heck is going on that you are growing your expenses so fast and you are not able to leverage. What we have been talking about the last 2 years is the investments we are making in growth drivers. We made dramatic investments in our ability to sign vending devices. We made tremendous investments in our ability to implement and improve our Onsite network. We made sizable investments a little over a year ago in our ability to grow our e-commerce locally, and the other piece is understanding the fundamentals of how we compensate. Historically, a sizable piece of conversation within Fastenal has been incentive-based. If you read our proxy, you can see that if we dont grow our earnings, our leadership better enjoy living on base pay because thats the key driver of incentive comp. In the first quarter of 2018, we added $21 million in pre-tax to our business that was double the $11 million we had added the year before when we compare 17 to 16. That causes our incentive comp to grow quite dramatically. And if I look at the 14% labor growth in the first quarter, 6 points of it comes just from expanding incentive comp, 1 point of it comes from Mansco acquisition, and the other 7 comes from adding people in the organization.  If I look at the transition from Q1 to Q2, you saw our labor expense growth drop 400 basis points from 14 to 10. What really changed there? We put a little bit of a pause on hiring. We had gotten ahead of ourselves, but that wasnt the real change. The real change was we anniversaried Mansco and our incentive comp, while at a high level, is not disproportionately higher than second quarter of 2017, because in the second quarter of 2017 we added about $27 million in pre-tax. In the second quarter of 18, we added $31. The delta there isnt as great. So, our team throughout the organization are enjoying enhanced incentive, but they were second quarter last year. So, the comp is different. I apologize that I havent communicated that better, but we saw a nice change in our ability to leverage. Frankly, I didnt think it was going to happen until the third quarter and the team did a nice job of deciding to move it up 3 months. If I look at the MSAs and I have started to talk about that more, talked about that in the Presidents letter, talked about that at our annual meeting and in previous discussions, we are really learning a lot by really taking a good look at those 100 large MSAs, communities little over 0.5 million, what is our plan in those markets? And there was something thats jumped out for me and this isnt an exclusive thing to the MSAs, but it stands out when I look at it from things we are doing. And so, yesterday at our board meeting, the individual that leads the e-commerce drive is within Fastenal, its a relatively small business, because there is so many things we do that dont lend themselves to e-commerce. We do Onsites. We do our local branch network. In many cases, we are fulfilling things for our customers that they dont even have to order and so e-commerce really isnt part of the Fastenal model. But one thing thats really was interesting to see is that as we have been quietly building momentum in our ability to go to market in a bunch of different ways. And if I look at true, local e-commerce transactions where we are taking advantage of our last mile advantages, thats about a $100 million business and its growing 30% a year. I think that speaks well and forget the fact that its e-commerce. It speaks well to the capabilities of the Fastenal organization to fulfill and to serve customers needs. And the interesting thing is we are seeing really nice growth within our Onsites as well. Its about ease of doing business. If I  I am also  and bear with me a second, I like milestones. Sometimes they are fun to point out. And this is probably a ridiculous one, but bear with me. If I go back to 1987, the year we went public, we had about 50 locations back then. We had 300 and some employees. For the year, we did just under $20.3 million. I believe it was $20,294,000 or something like that. In the month of June, on a daily basis, we broke $20.3 million. So, in June of 2018, we did more revenue everyday than we did 31 years ago that the company that went public. I think thats a pretty neat milestone and I am proud of what our team has done in that 30 some years to accomplish that. Said another way, we are 254 times bigger than we were 31 years ago, thats kind of fun. I also thanked our regionals and our VPs and RVPs for a great quarter. I think they really demonstrated the power of the Blue Team and what we can accomplish in the marketplace and some of our structural advantages. I am blessed from the standpoint I have a wife thats not afraid to challenge me in most things in life, personal and business. And the other day, she was asking me some questions about the quarter. And I told her I cant tell you, because its not public yet. But all kidding aside, she was asking about what we are seeing from the tariffs, she said, you are thinking any of your strength you are seeing is coming from the tariffs in the marketplace. And I answered really quickly and with confidence I said, absolutely not. I said what our business is about is we are a supply chain partner. And most of our customers are able to operate in a very lean environment because of what we do. And I dont believe there is any impact from the lift other than if there is any impact to any of our customers and their activity that would create but there is no inventory build in the cycle from what I am seeing, which caused me to immediately go to Holden and say, hey, Holden, this is what I told my wife, am I accurate? And he canvassed our RVP group and he got a resounding, no, we are not seeing that at all. So, I thought Id address that in the context of the time. Second question she had which was actually just as good as the first was how does Fastenal react in an environment like this? And I looked at her, and I said, well I gave her the proverbial, Im a farm kid. And I learned at a young age, you dont react to the weather. You plan for it because you cant change it. This is just like the weather. It seems to change on a daily basis. What I can tell you is Fastenals biggest strength is our field network, our branch and Onsite network we unlike any other regional, national, or global distributor, we source a tremendous amount of product locally and so, we dont have a small, centralized group that has to be really agile, although they are. We have 15,000 people working in our branch and Onsite network that are agile every day so our ability it is not easy to manage through it, but our ability to manage through it is stronger than anybody else in the marketplace. And I would be going into a period like this, the confidence I have comes from the team we have on the ground. And that makes it pretty exciting. When I was finishing up with the RVPs this morning, I didnt say this to them because I didnt want to get weird on the call but I thought back to a movie  Gene Hackman is one of my favorite actors of all time. And I thought back to a movie he made back in the early 80s called Hoosiers. And at the end of the movie, he cites a line as the scene is going dark to his team that, I love you guys. 22 years ago, I joined the Fastenal organization. And I didnt join because of the growth of the organization. I didnt join because of the opportunities of the marketplace. And I didnt even join because of the great people. All three of those were true. I joined because I saw in Fastenal an organization that treats people differently than other organizations Id seen in my prior experience. And I wanted to be a part of that. In an organization where youre inclusive, and you treat others well, and you invite others to join, and the only requirement to join us a willingness to learn and change, a willingness to help each other succeed, and a willingness to be challenged by others and to be willing to challenge others to think big, when you have all that, you have a home at Fastenal. Come join us. We can do great things together. And I think you see it come through in a quarter like this and in what were doing in the evolution of the last few years. Ill close with two thoughts, and then Ill turn it over to Holden. My mom is having a double mastectomy at 11:00 this morning. I wish her well on that. Im going to visit her after the call and Godspeed on her recovery. 60 days ago, my wife had the same surgery, and Im proud to say that today, she looks and feels better than she ever has. So, Im thankful for organizations like Gundersen Health down on La Crosse. Our medical in this nation can do great things. With that, Ill shut up and turn over to Holden. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you. Good morning. Why dont we go over to Slide 5 five? As covered, the total and daily sales were up 13.1% in the second quarter. Thats consistent with the growth that we logged in the first quarter of 2018. We estimate that pricing contributed between 50 and 100 basis points in the period which is also in line with last quarter. Although, we should say that this quarter did have to grow over what were modest price increases from last years Q2. And that did mask what was some incremental progress on price in the period. The quarter finished on a healthy note with Junes daily sales growing up 13.5%. This represents the 13th straight month of organic daily sales growth ranging between 11.5% and 14.5%. And thats despite the stiffening comparisons weve seen over the period. In addition to contribution from our growth drivers as Dan discussed, this growth is supported by what remains healthy macro conditions. The PMI averaged 58.7 in the second quarter and industrial production continued to expand at a low to mid single-digit rate. Non-residential construction continued to accelerate for us leading our mix this quarter with growth of 15.5%. This includes growth of 17.4% in June. Manufacturing end-markets remain stable at high levels, growing 13.3% with sustained strength in most sub-verticals and from a product standpoint, non-fasteners were up 14.8% and fasteners were up 11.1%, both were in line with the first quarter levels. Though its worth noting that fasteners in June grew 13.5% which is the fastest rate we have seen this cycle. From a customers standpoint, national accounts were up 19.1% with 80 of our top 100 accounts growing. And in June, our national accounts grew 20.4%. Growth in non-national accounts continues to run in the mid to high single-digits with roughly 66% of our branches growing in the second quarter. In terms of market tone, sentiment in the field remains constructive, especially as it relates to the non-residential construction market and the good demand of the past few quarters appears to be carrying into the third quarter of 2018. Now over to Slide 6, our gross margin was 48.7% in the first quarter of 2018, down 110 basis points versus the second quarter  I am sorry, our gross margin was 48.7% in the second quarter of 2018, down 110 basis points versus the second quarter of 2017. While mix is always a factor given where we are seeing our strongest growth, it was a relatively minor factor this quarter. There were two larger impacts. In the second quarter of 2017, we had a modest price increase ahead of anticipated higher product costs. So, the large decline in the current period reflects the degree to which those costs have caught up. Higher freight expenses were also a meaningful drag on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, on the other hand, our gross margin was flat. There were no big movers in either direction, but seasonality was offset by a little extra leverage due to the strong growth, a slightly lower mix drag and steps to counter increasing cost of freight and imports. Price cost was slightly negative in the quarter and there is further work to do here. We do believe we will make further progress in coming quarters. Our operating margin was 21.2% in the second quarter of 2018, flat on a year-over-year basis. Stronger seasonal volumes and the lapping of certain cost resets generated 110 basis points of cost leverage and an incremental margin of 21.5%. Looking at the pieces, we achieved 80 basis points of leverage over general corporate expenses and occupancy related costs. The latter was up 3% with growth in vending being partly offset by flattish facility expenses. Employee related costs were up 10% and that generated 50 basis points of leverage. We were restrained in our headcount additions this quarter with total and FTE headcount being up just 3.4% and 4.7% respectively. This was aided further by inclusion of Mansco expenses in both periods and a moderation in the growth of incentive comp now that we have entered our second year of stronger growth. Putting it altogether, the second quarter of 2018 EPS were $0.74 though excluding a one-time tax item, this would have been $0.70 or up 36% from the second quarter of 2017. In the absence of tax reform and the lower rate that it provides to us, EPS would have been $0.59 and growth would have been 13.8. We continue to anticipate a tax rate of 24.5% to 25% absent refinements in the application of or discrete events arising from recent tax reform. Turning to Slide 7, we generated $152 million in operating cash in the second quarter of 2018 or 72% of our net income. Second quarters are usually lower cash generating periods due to our having two tax payments. Still we were pleased that the conversion rate in the current quarter was above the 57% average conversion of the past 5 years which reflects the lower tax rates. Based on our expectations for continued favorable cash flow, we have increased our quarterly dividend from $0.37, which we established in the first quarter of 2018 to $0.40 for the third quarter. Net capital spending in the second quarter of 18 was $25 million bringing our year-to-date outlays to $53.8 million, consistent with the first two quarters of 2017. However, this reflects mostly timing. And we would expect higher capital spending in the second half of 2018 for expansions and upgrades at hubs and for property purchases. We have also identified a need to increase our spend for vending equipment given the strength that we are seeing in that growth driver. And as such, we are increasing our full year of 2018 net capital spending projection to $158 million from our previous $149 million. We increased funds paid out in dividends by 15% to $106 million and repurchased $40 million in stock in the period. We finished the quarter with debt at 16% of total capital below last year and at levels that provide ample equity to invest in our business and pay our dividend which we actually increased for the third quarter. The picture for working capital was improved versus the first quarter. Inventories were up 11.4% in the second quarter of 18. Inventory on hand fell 5.5 days, which we view favorably in light of inflationary pressures and plans for additional inventory investments in the field throughout 2018. Receivables grew 19.6% in the second quarter of 18, expanding days by a little more than 3.5. This continued to be affected by growth in our national accounts and international businesses as well as customers pushing payments past quarter end. Fortunately, the intensity of this latter factor has moderated, and we have not seen any meaningful change in hard to collect balances. Thats all that we have for our formal presentation. And with that, operator, well take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Ryan Cieslak with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Cieslak: Hi good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Ryan Cieslak: The first question I had is looking at the June sales growth rate, particularly with fasteners, big acceleration there from maybe what you guys were trending in May. Dan or Holden, maybe if you could peel back the onion a little bit and think about whats ultimately driving that, do you feel like its a combination of both the market accelerating there but also maybe some share gains just trying to get a better understanding on whats driving the acceleration in fastener growth here?
Holden Lewis: Im not sure that I have a tremendous amount of granularity there for you I would say that if I look at June, our fastener growth in most of our categories actually stepped up pretty nicely right and thats true of our OEM fasteners which no doubt, the Onsite growth is playing a role on that as is the general economic strength that weve seen but construction fasteners were up quite a bit in June relative to even May as well or March or April. MRO was up as well. So, I would say that its fairly broad but weve definitely seen the same sort of acceleration that weve seen in the construction business broadly, weve seen that in the construction fasteners too and so, I would look at it, and I would say that were seeing stability relative to prior quarters in many categories. And then the construction piece which is accelerating broadly also we are seeing that from the fastener component of construction too so, thats probably what I would say about those pieces.
Ryan Cieslak: Okay, great. And then for my second question, really nice to see the operating leverage here in the quarter and the incremental margins within that range youve talked about. It feels like as you get in the back half of the year, you continue to lap some of the headwinds you saw last year from an expense standpoint and if I hear you right, you said price cost dynamics maybe theres some additional opportunity there how do we think about incremental margins then into the back half of the year is there anything that we should be keeping in mind from a negative standpoint or an offset that comes in that maybe keeps you at the low end of that range versus potentially getting to the higher end of that range? Thanks.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So what I would say is the components that drove it in the second quarter, I think those are intact in the third quarter and when were talking about the occupancy leverage, the general corporate leverage those should continue to be leverage able pieces of our overall mix. From an employee expense piece, yes you are right we have lapped those resets and thatll certainly be true in Q3 so those pieces that led to this leverage this quarter, those are still very much intact as we go forward you combine that with double digit revenue growth, assuming that thats what we achieve in the third quarter, and I think that that is a formula to continue to make progress on the incremental margins, particularly because I would not expect the gross margin comp to be anywhere near as difficult. So, that we did 21.5 against that gross margin is fairly satisfying and I think that where youre going with this is should we do better, we should be I think that the math would tell you that we should do better in Q3 than we did in Q2 from an incremental margins standpoint the one piece that I will contribute to that is the strong work that was done by everybody at Fastenal to deliver that leverage in the quarter, that does also afford us the opportunity to keep investing in growth and so, there is the potential that we may choose to take some of that growth and reinvest it in the business to sustain the type of growth rates that were having but yes I would concur, Ryan I think that the pieces that drove this incremental margin are still intact as you go to Q3 we shouldnt have the same difficulty with the gross margin comp and if we continue to grow quickly, I think that the prospects were doing better on incremental margin in the back half are still pretty strong.
Ryan Cieslak: Okay. Thanks. Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Graham: Hi good morning. Three questions for you all. Number one, Holden, I harken back to the comments you made about a year ago that you have to deal with 20 to 30 basis points of gross margin headwind from mix. Is that still a number that you would go with and maybe talk a little bit about how you will backfill in the second half on that a little bit more. Secondly...
Holden Lewis: Hi, Scott. Let me take them in order and also, were going to take two so, think about the second question carefully before.
Scott Graham: Sure. No problem.
Holden Lewis: As it relates to your first question, yes, the mix elements arent changing. Again, with national accounts growing as quickly as they are within the mix and with the Onsites growing as quickly as they are within the mix, they continue to contribute more to our growth overall each quarter, I think this quarter, the Onsites were contributed 4% growth in our business and a year ago, that was 3.2% Those are mix issues that were happy to take those on. But it does push the margin down and I still believe that 20% to 30% mix drag per year is the right number to think about. I havent changed off those terms.
Scott Graham: Good thank you. Secondly, youve got some really good operating leverage at the operating expense line, could you talk about the sustainability of that and how youre looking at that in the second half toward some of the incremental margin comments you made?
Holden Lewis: Yes, not a lot to add versus what I just contributed again, the pieces that drove it this quarter, I think those pieces are intact as you go into Q3 and Q4 in terms of lapping some of these expenses but what we wont have is we wont have the difficult gross margin comp and so, you blend all that together, and there certainly is a path to doing better incremental margins in the third quarter and fourth quarter than what we did this quarter the only caution I threw out there was were afforded the opportunity to invest in our business because of the leverage that we achieved this quarter and we might reroute some of that into sustaining the type of growth that weve enjoyed and so, I dont have a lot to add to that.
Scott Graham: Well, I guess what Im trying to get at, Holden, simply is you have this gross margin headwind, it is not going to go away. Does that get the entire company, particularly at the regional level much more focused on their operating expenses to generate the leverage to offset that gross margin issue?
Dan Florness: This is Dan. I will just chime in quick if you go back in time, a decade ago, we were talking about the pathway to profit and in that discussion, we talked about the inherent profitability of the Fastenal business and how that gets enhanced over time and how when I look at our most mature regions that frankly have a higher percentage of Onsite and in many cases, [indiscernible] business than the company average, theyre also our lowest operating expense businesses and typically, our highest operating margin businesses and it comes from part of the expense management, comes from doing - its hard work, you do it every day you dont let things slip through your fingertips, you understand whats best in class across the organization but part of it comes from the inherent leverage that comes in the Fastenal model when the average branch is doing 120 versus 100, you pick up hundreds of points of operating margin, when it goes from 120 to 150, you pick up expense leverage and only partial offset to that can come from the fact that your gross margin typically, a branch doing 100 will lose 100 basis points of gross margin on its journey to 150 a month but itll also shed 450 basis points of operating expense and your net win is a 350 point win and so, its really not allowing being a little bit lazy or a little bit lax on expense management today to let any of that slip through your fingertips, that economic model is what affords us to do what were doing with Onsite.
Scott Graham: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: And at the Analyst Day, if you recall, we showed a couple of lines one was the gross margin declining over the past 30 years as weve invested in these growth drivers and the other one was the SG&A as a percentage of revenues declining over 30 years as we leverage and I would just point you to the SG&A percentage in the first half of this year has never been lower in the history of our company and thats how the model is supposed to work. As Dan said, this leverage came through perhaps a quarter sooner than we might have expected, but the model is working as we would have expected it to.
Scott Graham: Great. Thank you, both.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Hey, good morning guys. First off, looking at that number of top 100 national account customers experiencing growth, I guess it was 80 this quarter. And Dan in the earlier part of this decade, I think you were talking about 75 out of 100 was normal, what is the historical low and high in that figure?
Dan Florness: I am going off the hip here, Dave. So, bear with me on that. I believe when I go back to 2015, I think we had a quarter where it got down in the 40s and as you know that was not helpful to our business. What I dont know here is obviously we have a solid economy. We also have some growth drivers at our fingertips that either werent there or werent contributing at as high a level when I go back to 2015. The Onsite, as Holden mentioned has changed the game and 75% of our Onsites are with national account customers. I believe thats the stat. Its in the 70s. And so we are seeing  so, whats the cause, whats the effect or chicken and egg or whatever analogy you want to use. The economy is given lift, but are the growth drivers getting lift? The fact that our vending is operating at a really high level that benefits all customers, including national accounts, but 80 is a really strong number. And when I go back to prior periods where we were able to grow our fasteners, especially at this kind of rate you needed to be in the 70s.
David Manthey: Okay. Maybe I will follow-up on that. But the second question for Holden, were you saying you picked up I guess $5 million to $10 million year-over-year due to price and you are saying that the price cost equation isnt quite there yet. So, I assume you are not fully recapturing your COGS increases. But am I right to assume that you are capturing enough of it that you are picking up incremental gross profit dollars, Holden, you are not getting lower gross profit dollars because you are upside down on that price cost equation, are you?
Holden Lewis: No, we are not, we are not. As I said, we are slightly under water just with regards to a price cost standpoint, but yes, as we said in the first quarter, we got a little incremental pricing in the first quarter from efforts that we put into place in the fourth. We actually got incremental pricing in the second quarter over the first. That was masked a little bit, because in the second quarter we were growing over last years modest price increases where we werent in the first quarter, but we made some incremental progress on pricing. There was certainly some incremental moves on the inflation side as well, but yes, we are not backwards in that regard.
David Manthey: Yes, sounds good. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good morning. The first question is just around tariffs, you mentioned sort of they are not leading to strength. Does that mean that you didnt see any pre-buy related to tariffs? And then maybe if you could just update us what your sort of direct and indirect exposure is to China sourcing.
Holden Lewis: Sure. With regards to pre-buying, I actually canvassed the RVPs this morning to get a sense of what they are seeing in the field and it came back fairly uniformly that we really arent seeing anything or at least nothing is being discussed with us about pre-buying product ahead of time. Now to be fair, I am not sure that gloves and goggles are necessarily the type of product that people load up on ahead of demand. So, we may not be that kind of product or that kind of company, but we dont believe that that is impacting our revenue growth rates in any meaningful way. As it relates to the 232s and 301, 232 at this point is just meeting inflation generally speaking with regards to that one. As it relates to 301 I think there is a couple of threads here, one is the first $50 billion that has been talked about. There is not a huge impact on us from that. Now that we have had a chance to see how our products are being affected, I will probably stick with about $10 million of COGS perhaps being affected by that. Although, its in places we hadnt necessarily expected sort of indirect shipments on things like ball bearings and welding consumables and things like that, but its a pretty small number. I dont think particularly meaningful. And so if it stops there, I am not overly concerned about the direct impact to tariffs. I think the question you are really getting at is what happens with the other $200 billion, should they go into effect? And honestly, at this point, we are not sure. I mean, its hard to sort of speculate on that. I think you can make a case that somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% of our COGS may come from China directly and indirectly, but I am only guessing at the indirect piece. Again, thats more art than science figuring that one out. And also I dont assume that everything that we get from China will be tariffed, so that would pull the number down, the impact down. And of course, we would expect to be able to shift product perhaps from China to Taiwan or Vietnam or other sources. I think one of the great values of having a significant local sourcing operation on the ground in that region is that we know where there is alternative source of product that we can shift as quickly as anybody else. And so, its conjecture as to what the impact will be if any, you would expect that it could have an impact, but we have mechanisms and such to manage that.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. And then just secondly, any color on just improvement in non-resi? For you, it was pretty dramatic. I know you have oil and gas in non-resi. Do you attribute it to that? And then is the margin mix on non-resi better than manufacturing, any color there? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: I think that the oil and gas and things around that are certainly helpful. The other thing I would point out is relative to manufacturing, right we talked about how our growth has been up between organically 11.5% and 14.5% for 13 months. That is not necessarily true of non-residential. I mean, for most of that period, our manufacturing was really driving that. If you look at the quarter a year ago in non-res, we were up about 5.5%, 6%. And so to some extent, I think what you are seeing is an acceleration off of some easier comps, but I do think that also we are benefiting from having injected energy over the last two or three years into the effort. If you remember, we really started talking about the tone around non-res starting to get better in March of last year and I think that that tone transformed into actual facts on the ground in November, December of 2017. And its just continued to run from that point. And right now, its running against relatively easy comps. And so thats about the color that I have for that. And from a margin standpoint, we always think about from a gross margin standpoint, construction fasteners fall somewhere in between the OEM fastener on the low end and the MRO fastener at the high end.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Dan Florness: Hi, Ryan.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: Congratulations on making me look completely wrong in my preview to you by the way. Nice quarter.
Holden Lewis: Dont take it personally, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So, just to follow-up on price cost and it was slightly negative. So, I dont want to make a big deal here, but can you just articulate for us why is price cost negative, what are the key issues there?
Holden Lewis: Well, I mean, the key issue is that inflation continues to run very quickly. As I said, we got some incremental pricing, but the quick math is we had feedstock or product cost that was going up somewhat faster. And so, yes, thats the environment. I dont know what more to add to it, I mean, it is inflationary for products and that inflation has not stopped.
Dan Florness: I will add just one thought to that. And I touched on this in April. I think we really started the hard press about 4 to 5 months later than we should have. We did some things last summer. Holden touched on that where we were raising some prices. Actually, in the second quarter last year, we got some nice lift in our gross margins. So, we were actually ahead of it a little bit. But in November, December time, we really should have been putting on the hard press. We have our meeting in December every year with our leadership. We should have had the hard press on. And I didnt really turn it on until April and thats completely on me. And so we are a little bit behind.
Holden Lewis: And to give you a sense, right so in Q1, we were sort of reacting to things. I think in Q2, we actually put a lot of discipline in the field just in terms of the messaging and that messaging flowed down to the RVPs and into the field and that was a part of that. And then in Q3, we have some additional tools that are going into the field to hopefully make this pricing process easier and so, thats why we struggle like everyone else does with what is ramping inflation but we believe that we continue to make incremental improvement each quarter, and I think thats going to continue into Q3.
Ryan Merkel: Got it, yes. I am just clarifying that its transitory and its not anything thats structural different than the past it was more just being late, not passing through the pricing so, thats good to hear and then my second question okay and then my second question, the non-national accounts, I think you said it was up mid-single digits and I dont think that has accelerated much correct me if Im wrong over the past couple quarters but my real question is that a market growth rate are the smaller customers or non-national account customers just not growing as well or is it just not a focus for you, and thats why the growth rate just isnt anywhere near the national account growth rate?
Dan Florness: Yes, I think there is a couple things going on our growth drivers, when it relates to Onsite really benefits the national accounts and a piece of the non-national if I think of the strength were seeing internationally, thats much more akin to our national accounts Heck, our national accounts are doing a great job if I think of our local business, one thing that is impacting that and Holden, refresh me on the number I believe our branch count is down about 6% Q2 to Q2 when we consolidate a branch in a market, historically weve talked about 65% to 70% of our business is our top ten customers in that branch frankly, you can retain that business without a great plan because thats a group of customers youre naturally engaging with and you do enough business that everybody matters to each other from the standpoint of they know Fastenals an important part of their team and were typically delivering the product to their backdoor so, the fact that were coming from a branch two miles away or seven miles away doesnt really matter if you think of the other third of our business, so the other 35%, 5 of that is retail business and a piece of that retail business, when you consolidate, you have a high risk of losing now, in a $50,000 branch that you consolidate, theres three grand thats there and youre going to lose a piece of it the other 30 of the 35, you need to have a really good plan in place to make sure you dont lose touch with that customer because thats a customer doing $300, $500, $700 a month with you and your relative importance to them might be different and so, there, we have to have a really good plan and so, some of the delta youre seeing, I dont think its because its industry growth, which it happens to be I think its a case of 6% of our branches disappeared and so, there is some impact from that. Now does that account for why its single-digit versus double-digit, I honestly dont know, but that comes into play.
Holden Lewis: And Ryan, I might contribute as well so, we are growing in the non-national account business faster than industrial production, which I think is meaningful in addition to what Dan talks about in terms of the branch closures, the Onsite growth most of our Onsites are within national accounts, but some portion of our Onsites are not within national accounts and remember, we do shift revenue from a branch into an Onsite and so, for those Onsites we sign up, maybe some of those have been serviced out of a store that wasnt a national account business and there might be a little bit of an impact there as well so there are a few pieces that are working against that number being better than what it is today but it is outperforming industrial production and we think the field is doing a nice job.
Dan Florness: And its helped for farming the organic growth for the industry.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, I was wondering if we could cycle back to the.
Dan Florness: Hi, Adam. Adam?
Adam Uhlman: Yes?
Dan Florness: Good report yesterday.
Adam Uhlman: Thank you. I wanted to circle back on the investment drivers I guess as we think about the back half of the year here we touched on it maybe a little bit but the headcount growth has been relatively low and it would seem as if there might be some need to add additional heads into the back half of the year to support the growth that you are seeing and Im just trying to understand how you guys are conceptualizing that investment spend into headcount could it be only a couple of points of extra growth or is there something where we should be expecting a bigger ramp?
Dan Florness: The message weve had to the team is where youre signing Onsites, where you have business growth, add people and weve been investing at a pretty healthy clip and as I mentioned, by the first quarter, in all honesty, we probably got a little bit ahead of our self and so, we just put a pause on we didnt stop hiring we put a pause on but if you actually drift into the weeds a little bit, youd see that from a pure headcount standpoint, there was more drop in the part-time than there was in the fulltime so, the loss of hours and energy wasnt as great the other thing is as we migrate to a bigger and ever bigger piece of our business being Onsite, we become more efficient if I think about some time ago and I forget the exact time it was a little over a year ago we took over the hosting of our vending network what that afforded us to do is to interconnect the vending information much more directly into our point of sales system so, the lift, the workload for servicing vending, while its still sizable and we are doing things every day that make it a little bit more efficient, its much more efficient today than it would have been 12 months ago because the interconnectedness within our point of sales system and our trajectory system that runs the vending platform is much more seamless today but we will continue to add headcount to support our growth but were working against comps that are really different and that really is what speaks to Holdens confidence in our ability to achieve leverage.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got it. And then secondarily, thanks for the disclosure on the e-commerce business thats a lot of incremental revenue off of a small base I was just wondering if you could touch on anything new or different that youre doing there relative to what youve talked about in the past and how big do you think it could get for you within your current business model? Thanks.
Dan Florness: Yes, at this point, on the last part of your question, Id be just posing a wild guess and my wild guess would be, frankly, no better than anybody elses wild guess but to the part about what we are doing different for 3 years, our e-commerce was negative, nominal and it was a relatively small business, because it wasnt an emphasis point we started investing in resources into our team early part of 2017 and we added an RESS and I hope I have the acronym right help me out, Holden, regional e-commerce sales specialist.
Holden Lewis: There you go.
Dan Florness: Okay. And its a small team, but really what they are about is engaging with our branch network, our Onsite network to go out and drive that our IT team is operating at a higher level today than Ive ever seen in my 22 years what the team has put in place weve always had great talent, but we werent always able to muster up the resources to do great things and right now, were doing some great things and the system they put in place that we rolled out what we call FAST 360 a year ago and thats really a visibility tool for our customers to see whats on their plant floor, whether its in a vending machine or in a bin stock location so many times historically, customers dont know always whats in their facility because a lot of what we sell is coined MRO so, when its bought, its expense. So, theres no visibility to where stuff is even on the OEM side, most ERP systems dont give you the level of visibility to know where stuff is our FAST 360 does that for our customers and we rolled that out a year ago and thats growing nicely in our business and it works out really well in our Onsites as well the team is really leveraging that start and our same day capabilities at our branch network to really tap into we can do today what many companies aspire to do and weve connected some of the dots electronically to do it but I dont want to get ahead of myself it is still a relatively small number, but were tapping into making it easier to buy from us today, 90% of our sales go through an omni-channel, goes through we only have  we have 10% of our sales where the customer buys through one channel and thats typically our retail business and our what we call Tier 1 customers, so relatively small customers that interact with us only at the branch level. But when you start layering in where you source at the branch through an Onsite, through vending, through a bin stock internationally, e-commerce and put all those together, thats 90% of our revenue. So, we are doing things today and we have been naturally for years what other companies aspire to do and you are just seeing it shine through because we have a group that has a really good plan and they are executing to it, but its still a relatively small part of the business and I have the foggiest idea where it will go to.
Adam Uhlman: Best of luck to your mom and wife.
Dan Florness: Thank you. With that, I see that we are at just a few minutes before the hour. I hope I am not cutting anybody off who had a question, but thanks again for your interest this morning. And I do sincerely believe we have a great story to tell. The Blue Team is blessed with great people. And I believe we do something special for our customers and they recognize it and it affords us the ability to grow. Have a good day, everybody.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Stolts - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Dan Florness - President and CEO Holden Lewis - CFO
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Robert McCarthy - Stifel David Manthey - Baird Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Companys First Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. Id now like to turn the conference over to Ellen Stolts. Please go ahead.
Ellen Stolts: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes, and well start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2018, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning everybody and thank you for joining our first quarter conference call. To sum up the quarter, I believe we had a good quarter in the first quarter 2018. We had some unusual weather as the quarter laid out and we had the distinction of ending the quarter on Good Friday, which while a business day is often a muted business day. Last year, if you recall, Good Friday was in the month of April. Weather hit us hard in the quarter. And probably the best way to convey the impact of weather is to think about it from standpoint of what my kids endure during the winter, and that is days that school is closed because there is no bus running and to think about it from the context of our semi [ph] fleet and the number of routes we run and the impact of those routes. So, we run about 4,800 routes per month. So, in the quarter, we ran about 14,500 routes across our branch and Onsite network throughout North America. In the first quarter of 2017, we had about 200 routes that were cancelled. So, just under 1.5% of our routes were canceled due to weather impacts. In the first quarter of 2018, the number of cancelled routes increased by 65% to 332. So, about 2.3% cancelled. Much of that product ends up getting to the branch on a different route or maybe through a third party; unfortunately, its usually a more expensive trip. Some of that product ends up not being sold, because the customer was shut down that day or the business was impacted in some way. Three geographic areas jump off [ph] I think of the first quarter. First one, this probably doesnt surprise anybody on the call. Scranton, Pennsylvania which services basically from Pittsburg up through New England and down into the Maryland, D.C. area, they had a 50% -- excuse me, they represented 50% of our cancelations in the quarter. And their cancelation rate was about three times what it was a year ago. And for those of you who live on the East Coast, youre probably not surprised what I comment. Interestingly enough, about 7% of our cancellations occurred in the Atlanta [ph] Georgia, routes covering down in the Florida, west towards Mississippi and Alabama and north into the Southern part of the Carolinas. Normally that area has no cancellations, so 7% of the cancellation was there. Probably the only area that had improved weather from a year ago was Seattle, Washington D.C. or the Pacific Northwest. Their cancellations were 1%. Unfortunately, we do a lot more business in the other areas than we do in the Pacific Northwest. So, I feel the 13.2% to be solid growth. Our pre-tax growth and Ill talk about pre-tax more than net earnings because of the noise of the tax reform act. Pre-tax earnings grew about 10%. Frankly, not horribly [ph] and perhaps is in the context of a 13% sales growth. Similar to -- speaking of tax reform, similar to the fourth quarter of 2017, we realized a P&L benefit of the tax reform act. About 85% of our business occurs in the United States. So, it means that changes to tax rates in United States, its incredibly meaningful to our business. That lifted our quarter, provided about a 10% benefit to our quarter and our earnings per share grew about 31% on that 10% pre-tax growth. Growth drivers, despite the fact that Im not overly impressed with our 10% earnings growth, Im incredibly impressed with our growth drivers in the quarter, but more to that when I get to slide number four. Im still on slide number three. Leverage, its all about gross profit. I think, were doing respectful job managing our operating expenses, things we can improve upon. But its about gross profit. And this quarter, despite the fact that our gross profit is down roughly 70 basis points from a year ago, I think there is some really good stories within the number and there are some things we need to fix. When I think of our growth drivers, and I look at Onsite, were doing a very nice job of managing our gross margin within that business within Fastenal, despite the fact there is inflation going on and despite the fact were rapidly ramping up that business. I think, were managing that very well and our gross profit was pretty steady from Q1 to Q1. Within our vending business, about a 12-year old business for us, again similar to the story on Onsite, were doing a nice job managing our gross margin there. In fact, we saw a slight uptick in our vending in the local business offset little bit by the national accounts, but very nice job there. I think, were doing a nice job managing our gross margin in the national accounts. Again, I say that in the context as you all know, there is a meaningful inflation going on in our business. And if we dont stay ahead of it, we can run into some problems on the gross margin line. The two things that stand out for me, which in my estimation cost us about $3 million this quarter, center on habits at the local level and that's habits within our fastener business. So, as you all know, about 50% of our business is national account. And if you add large regional accounts on to that that number moves closer to 60.  Within our local book of business, we do a fair amount of fastener business, about 15% of our revenue that's completely priced and driven locally. And then, we have a sizable number in non-fasteners as well. In the non-fasteners, our margin there is pretty [ph] moderate and we're doing a nice job managing that component. In the local fastener business, we are seeing inflation in that product. Unfortunately, in that business, we're not matching the inflation in our sale price. And we gave up about 130 basis points of gross margin, 130 to 140 in that 15% of our revenue. That's disappointing and that's a habit. And thats a habit we need to fix. The good news about it is it's something that's very fixable in our business; it takes our attention. So, this morning I had a call with our leaders throughout the business. I congratulate them on a nice quarter. I also congratulate them on hitting goal for the quarter in 2 out of 3 months in the quarter; month of January, we were just shy of goal because of weather. But, we did nice job growing the business. I challenged them on our fastener pricing at the local level. I challenged them on our freight that we charge at the local level. Fuel prices, as you all know are going up, and that impacts us like it does everybody else. We're losing a little bit of ground on the freight component. I also challenged them on accounts receivable. We added about two days of accounts receivable during the quarter. It impacted our cash flow, the last point of the page three. But, all in all, I am pleased with the results of the quarter, except a couple of components within gross margin. Flipping to slide four. If you are an investor in Fastenal, slide four is a pretty darn encouraging page. I think, it speaks a lot to the potential that is Fastenal and our strengths as far as being distributor [ph] within our marketplace. In the first quarter, we signed 100 Onsites. If I give back context, back in 2015 -- these are rounded numbers, we signed about 75; 2016 we signed about 175; 2017, we signed 275; in 2018, number I have in my head is 375. I think Holden stated range is 360 to 385 to give us bookings. But, I'm pleased to say, three months into the year, our 2000 goal is intact on our challenge to sign 360 to 385 on sites in the year. And I feel really good about that. In-market locations, we just talked about 3,000, 3,007 to be exact. What I like about that is we're growing our capabilities, we're growing our footprint. We had number of years where we were contracting our footprints. And I talked about that in the President's Letter to this year's Annual Report. Very excited of what we're seeing there. And that's really obviously been driven by our Onsite expansion. We signed 5,679 vending devices in the quarter, a nice way to start the year. Equally impressive, the number of our removals is declining. We removed 18% fewer devices in the first quarter than we did in the first quarter of last year. So, we're signing more, were pulling fewer out; it's a nice combination. Similar to my comments on the Onsite goal, our 2000 goal is intact. Our is to sign 21,000 to 23,000 devices during the calendar year. Product sales through vending, not surprisingly, grew north of 20% in the quarter, driven by improvements in the existing devices out there as well as the new ones weve added. National account sales grew 17% in the quarter. Well done to national account team and growing our relationships with customers around the planet, well done to our branch and Onsite network to serve that business, and everybody else for supporting them in their efforts. Speaking of around the globe, if I look outside the United States -- inside the U.S. and in Canada, we had some weather impacts during the quarter. But, if I look at rest of world and this includes Canada, we grew our business 25% in the first quarter of 2018. We leveraged it and grew our earnings even faster. Canada grew its business in the 20s, Mexico grew its business in 20s and the rest of the world grew even higher. So, really impressive performance throughout our international operations. When I think about the business, as you all know, starting several years ago, we really began to invest heavily in what are now the growth drivers of our business. And there is price to that. You see it and Holden will touch on it. We looked at operating expenses. Our labor costs continue to rise. Some of that because of adding resources, some of that because of inflation, some of that because of incentive comp expansion. But, what I am really excited about is the resources weve added into our growth drivers in the last two years. So, weve added roughly 160 people into our national accounts team. Half of that dedicated solely to implementing new business including Onsites. We added 15% -- 15% of that number is selling resources, most of that what we call the TSR, territory sales rep, a quarter back for the national account business for a given geography. 15% of that increase was for construction centered personnel. We are seeing double-digit growth in our construction these days; 15% of that in our safety personnel. We are seeing great growth in our safety products. If I look outside of national accounts, we added 225 people roughly in the last two years to support our vending initiatives, most of those in the district business units but quite a few as we took over hosting operations and continue to expand our footprint into deploying devices. We added resources into Onsite, e-comm, about 15% in the both. We added resources into our government business. E-comm, which well touch on a bit, next week at our Investor Day, seeing great -- its a small piece of our business but we are really seeing impressive results within that component as well because of our local and same day delivery capabilities that puts us in a unique spot. We also added roughly 50 people into IT. Those resources are dedicated to being able to roll out new products for our branch network, our Onsite network, and our customers faster, increase the bandwidth and a handful folks to improve the security within our systems. So, I think were making investments in the right places, really impressive what the team is doing. We seem [ph] to execute a bit better on our local faster business and our freight. With that, I will turn over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan, and good morning to everybody. Jumping over to slide five. As Dan stated, total and daily sales were up 13.2% in the first quarter, the deceleration from up 14.8% daily sales growth in the fourth quarter but it is a third straight quarter of at least low teens growth for the Company. We believe that pricing contributed between 50 and 100 basis points in the period; Mansco added another 120 basis points. Bear in mind that this quarter represents the completion of Manscos first full year as a member of Fastenals family. In that period, it did achieve the revenue and earnings that wed originally anticipated it would. We plan to build on that performance for the next 12 months, but be aware that with the transaction anniversarying the second quarter, well no longer be breaking out its contribution specifically. From a macro standpoint, the PMI averaged 59.7 in the first quarter and industrial production continued to expand at a low to mid single-digit rate. Manufacturing end markets continued to lead our growth with strength in heavy and general manufacturing as well as manufacturing going into transportation and building verticals. Construction was up 9.6% in the first quarter, but after a weather impacted January, we saw growth return to the 10% to 11% range. From a product standpoint, we sustained recent quarters growth levels in both fasteners and non-fasteners. Though in the last two quarters, we have seen meaningful acceleration in safety, which grew nearly 20% in the first quarter. From a customer standpoint, national accounts were up 17.3% with 78 of our top 100 accounts growing. Growth to non-national accounts was steady with mid to high single-digit growth. And nearly 66% of our branches grew in the first quarter; thats a new high for this cycle. In terms of market tone, the quarter started with weather disruption and finished with Good Friday moving up from April of last year, but in between conditions remained healthy, sentiment in the field remains constructive and the good demand of the past few quarters appears to be carrying into the second quarter of 2018. Now, over to slide six. Our gross margin was 48.7% in the first quarter thats down 70 basis points versus the first quarter of last year. Usual factors that we talked about were present here, relative growth in national accounts in non-fasteners certainly affects the mix; Mansco tends to operate at a lower gross margin; and as Dan touched on, freight remains a challenge. We begin to realize pricing in the period to offset the inflation weve discussed. And while that effort continued to gain traction through the quarter, it was uneven and not yet where it needs to be to offset the various elements of pressure in the marketplace. However, we would expect additional gains in the second quarter in our pricing actions. Our operating margin was 19.8% in the first quarter thats down 50 basis points on a year-over-year basis. The 70 basis-point decline in gross margin was partially offset by 20 basis points of operating expense leverage. If I look at those pieces, we achieved 50 basis points of leverage over general corporate expenses and occupancy-related cost, the latter was up 7.7% with the largest variables being growth in vending and non-branch occupancy expenses. Selling transportation related expenses were up 12.3, which was equally attributable to higher fuel costs and related to an increase in our branch fleet during the period. Our employee-related costs were up 14.4%; that reduced our leverage by 20 basis points. This continued to reflect Manscos headcount and increase in our total FTE headcount of up 6% and up 7.4% respectively and that excludes Mansco and significantly higher incentive compensation across the organization, reflecting our better growth. The incremental margin in the first quarter was 16%, while the second quarter incremental margin will likely be challenged by a difficult gross margin comparison. The anniversarying in 2Q 2018 of the Mansco acquisition and the incentive compensation reset should generate better leverage for us in the second half. Putting it all together, the first quarter earnings were $0.61, up 31% from the first quarter of 2017. In the absence of tax reform and the lower rate it provides us, EPS would have been $0.51 and the growth would have been 10%. To give you a quick update on tax reform, having had more time to evaluate the impact, we now expect our ongoing tax rate will be between 24.5% and 25%, absent any discrete events that may arise from changes in the application of the law or other ongoing activities. Flipping over to page seven, slide seven. We generated a $160 million in operating cash in the first quarter, which is 92% of net income. This is a lower conversion rate than we typically see in the first quarter. Part of this is just math as our lower tax rate benefited the P&L in the first quarter but has not yet flowed through the cash flow statement. The other piece however relates primarily to those accounts receivables which Ill cover in a moment. We continue to anticipate good cash flow in 2018, based on good earnings growth and the cash flow benefits from tax reform that will begin in second quarter of 18. Net capital spending of $32 million increased in the first quarter of 2017 on expansion and upgrades at our hubs and corporate property. Our 2018 target for total net capital spending is unchanged at $149 million. We increased funds paid out in dividends by 15% to $106 million and reduced our debt by $10 million. We finished the quarter with debt at 15.7% of total capital, consistent with last year and a level that provides ample liquidity to invest in our business and pay our dividend. The picture of working capitals mixed. The inventories were up 12.7% in the quarter. Inventory on hand fell 5 days, which we view favorably in light of inflationary pressures and plans for additional inventory investments in the field through 2018. Receivables grew 19.8% in the first quarter and days their expanded by 3.5. Days outstanding naturally expands as we experience relative growth from our national accounts to international businesses. However, in the last two quarters, this has been compounded by customer payments being pushed out past the quarter end. We have seen no meaningful change in hard to collect balances and so this is an area that we will work to improve upon the balance of the year. Thats all for our formal presentation. And with that operator, well take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry: So, you mentioned price only partially offsetting freight and product cost inflation. Is that dynamic only in the local fastener business or is it broader? And when do you think you can get to at least neutral on that price cost dynamic?
Holden Lewis: Ill handle that one. In the case of the fastener business, thats local. And keep in mind, when I talk about local, Im talking about where the pricing decision is made as far as what level of price. And so, this is local business. When I talk about freight, that includes both local business and national account business. So, includes all aspects of our business. But the decision of whether or not charge freight is typically made locally. There might be some contractual limitations on certain sales. But generally speaking, thats a local made decision. So, I would put both in that bucket. In regards to how quickly we can click upon on it. The freight one is a challenge, because in many of our growth drivers, and vending is an example of growth driver, Onsite example of growth driver, our propensity to charge freight is typically lower, especially in the case of vending, its not-existent for the most part. There are challenges to engage with the customer or doing backhauls of freight. And I often see examples of that. On a recent trip, I saw interestingly enough down Indianapolis, 3 pallets, large pallets, and each had a truck cab on it from a vintage truck that was being shipped from a scrap yard in Minnesota out to the East Coast. And thats example of backhauls we do in our system to offset. The freight one is going to be challenging in the short term. The fastener one, that's about habits and we can change habits tomorrow. And I'll just -- to give you a little bit of color. If I think about the RVP commentary that came through to us over the course of the quarter, it improved as the quarter went on from January to February to March. So, I think that the confidence in the field grew and the achievement in the field grew as we went along, which is what we would have expected to see. And I would also say that if I think about the month-to-month contribution of pricing, it also grew as we went through the quarter. So, we've talked before about having to rebuild that muscle memory. Obviously for us in our model, these conversations are very much sort of customer to employee. And I think there are signs that we are building up that muscle memory through the quarter and we just need to make sure that we continue to bulk up as we go into the second quarter and that's the expectation.
Robert Barry: Got it. I guess just a follow-on to that given there is a lot of talk about tariffs, raising product cost, in particular on some of your products. Just given what sounds like a pretty tough pricing environment, I mean, what's the thought on the ability to pass those through or fully being able to pass those through?
Holden Lewis: To be clear, I don't think that it's a pretty tough pricing environment. We are getting pricing, it's just the rate at which we're getting it. Again, I think that the sentiment around how the RVPs are feeling about that environment has only gotten better as the quarter has gone on. So, I don't think that would characterize the pricing environment today is tough. It's just a matter of at what pace we're going to be able to put it through. As it relates to tariffs, however, if you think about 232, the increase in steel and aluminum, that would primarily have a direct impact on our manufacturing business, which does source that. If I think about the section 301s -- which is 4% or 5% of our revenue on the manufacturing, if I think about the section 301 tariffs, we looked into what products are captured in that. And there are some. I think we've identified about $11 million or $12 million in annual COGS that would be affected directly by that. There no doubt be some others that come through in -- through masters. But we're talking about metal nuts; we're talking about pallet jacks and a few other items. And so, there really was no impact on tariffs in Q1 in our business. Most of what would be affected directly seems fairly modest. I think, our bigger question is what impacts does it have on our customers at the end of the day. And as I said, in Q1, there really was nothing there. To the extent that it contributes to either a more inflationary environment, we'll have to respond to that as weve talked about. To the extent that it creates issues for our customers, we have to respond to that. But no impact yet, and I think its sort of a wait and see kind of situation.
Dan Florness: Ill chime in a little bit as well to support Holdens answer. And that is historically, our ability to pass on things like this, a tariff, a duty et cetera, the marketplace gets that and its able to pass that through. The wildcard in all of it is what impact that has, not to our ability to price but to volumes. What impact does it have with the customer? Does it impact their ability to export product? Does it impact the profitability within their business on what products they sell? That's the unanswerable question. But the marketplace gets the fact that the costs are going up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Robert McCarthy: I have two questions because that's all were allowed and time were allowed. So, thank you for taking that. I guess, following up the tariffs, you mentioned 301. Could you just confirm, you think its a very limited set of SKU and product that is going to be affected by this? And could you just let us know broadly how much you do source from China in terms of your underlined COGS or general sourcing?
Dan Florness: First off, to touch on that, we have identified what we know so far. Keep in mind that the number Holden sighted looks at product were directly sourcing that we believe is impacted. But on top of that is product that were sourcing from others that would be impacted. That ones are more difficult ones to quantify because with many of our suppliers, if I think of both branded and some of the non-branded products, many of our suppliers, their source of origin can fluctuate, so they might -- a lot of fasteners come out of Taiwan and China and a lot of that production has moved into China over the last 15, 20 years. No different than 40 and 50 years ago a lot of that production had moved from Japan into Taiwan and in other parts of Southeast China -- or Southeast Asia, excuse me. So, there are other sources of supply but the issue we run into is see that what you can change. Other factors that might be going on in other countries within the Pacific Rim, most of the fasteners sold in this country are made outside in North America. So, its not an issue thats unique to us; its an issue thats unique to that product line. Within our non-fastener product, the percentage would be lower but still a sizable piece is made. But again it can -- I hesitate to quantify it because there are multiple sources of supply and we arent always privileged to upstream those sorts of supply when we order [ph] product. But the other dynamic is this thing moves rapidly. Sometimes you have to try to follow it by the latest tweet and we prefer not our business that way.
Holden Lewis: But Robert, we actually have seen the list of things that we understand to be affected now. So, we have something on which to sort of make a judgment, if you will. And if I look at that list there is probably 25 things on it, iron or steel nuts is 85% of that. And so, there is a list of things out there that are supposed to be affected by that. Thats what were able to give some judgment based upon.
Robert McCarthy: Yes. No, I have the documentation right here in terms of the list. But, the essence of the question, I dont want to preclude my second question, so this a follow-up to the first question is -- very briefly is, yes, thats a Section 301 that was kind of enumerated. But, the fact of the matter is it sounds like it could be a greater effect kind of similar to oil and gas in 14 where you had headline exposure of mid single-digits but the number of the effect would be to greater I guess is my point.
Dan Florness: Time will this. There are still plenty unknowns.
Robert McCarthy: Yes. Number two is, just very simple question. I mean, obviously, gross margin, you sighted, enumerated the various -- growth is good but the challenge is the mix in gross margin and that structural mix. Given last couple of years, youve been -- the first quarter gross margin typically is one of the higher gross margins of the year and then typically above the average gross margin for the year. Do you think thats going to continue according to whole year or do you think theres opportunity for you to expand sequentially gross margin this year or have we put in the high for gross margin for this year or particularly versus the average?
Holden Lewis: The question of expanding gross margin, I mean, we build the whole in Q1. Q2, I can tell you is going to be a very difficult comparison based on how we performed last year, but -- o that would difficult. But, if were talking just sequentially, there is a path to be able to achieve a gross margin that is comparable to slightly below where we are in Q1. So, I think if you look at the history, its not uncommon to see 30 basis points or what have you sort of down from Q1 or -- to Q2 et cetera. There is a path to do somewhat better than that. But that path does rely significantly on our ability to continue to build up our pricing momentum and thats kind of the wildcard that we are going to be playing through in Q2. Again, we like the signals, we certainly give it a clear message as to what we need to do going forward. And if we can deliver and execute on that as we fully expect to do so, there is a path to have margins that are comparable to maybe modestly below where we faced in Q1 and perhaps do a little bit better than the normal seasonal pattern, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Your line is now open.
David Manthey: Hey, guys. Good morning. First question, Dan, you said you are happy with the return on the investment and your growth drivers but you are disappointed by the profit growth in the first quarter. When you look at the core expense leverage in addition to the changing secular mix of the business and gross margin pressure you just mentioned, are we at an inflection here where well get back to 20% to 25% contribution margin or are you happy with faster sales growth and maybe a contribution margin in the teens? It seems like we have been leading that way in the last couple of quarters.
Dan Florness: As our business was ramping up in 2017, our willingness to invest in our growth drivers expanded. And thats why I touched on some of the headcount were adding behind the scenes to really support this. And knowing full well that I frankly didnt expect coming into the first half of this year, and Im operating margin when I talk about this and removing the noise of tax reform. I fully expected our operating -- our incremental margins to drop below 20% and into the upper teens. And ironically enough, we have been -- if we went [ph] to have this fastener issue in the quarter, would, could, should, but we would have been in the low 20s. I still firmly believe when I look at this business over period of years -- and we are in transition period of really investing heavily in a fundamentally different growth driver in our business. As were in that, if you look at it over time, theres no reason why gross margin cant be in that -- the incremental margin within the gross margin line cant be in that lower half of the 40s, so 43 to 45, and our incremental spend cant be closer to 20, which would put us into optimistically 25, pessimistically lower half of 20s incremental margin. And if we are growing 6, 7 ,8 points faster than anybody else out there and we are taking market share and we are doing things that are natural for our business and that create a more defensive of a business from the standpoint of conversations from others, I think thats a win for our shareholders. Right now, like I say, were investing heavily in that transition. And unfortunately, we stubbed our toe on local pricing this quarter. But, I think thats fixable, I know its fixable fast. 
Holden Lewis: And David, just so you know, the gross margin is certainly part of it. But the other piece, if I look at our operating expenses. Bear in mind that through Q1, the blending in of Mansco, that obviously has an impact on the incremental margins. The reset of incentive comp, I know it seems like, we started talking about that a year ago, we did. The good news is, you get into Q2, Q3, Q4 and that reset begins to anniversary as well. I take some encouragement from the fact that weve got 50 basis points of leverage over corporate and occupancy. We did not get much over the headcount side. But as we do begin to anniversary that reset in Q2 and beyond, I think that there is potential there to get more leverage out of the SG&A than what youve seen to this point. And so, the growth drivers will -- were going to continue to invest in those. But there are pieces of our P&L that we should leverage out at greater -- to a greater degree certainly into the second half of this year than we have at this point as our growth matures.
David Manthey: Second question is on the freight impact on gross margin. I went back and looked and this has been an issue for you at least back to the end of 2016 and here. When does this get fixed, can you fix it, and can you just describe what the source of the issue is? Is it that youre using third party and not internal logistics or whats going on there and can it be fixed?
Dan Florness: Number of things there. Its not external versus internal. Weve got a little bit of that in the quarter because of the weather. But thats not fundamental issue, Dave. If I look at it, we lost about 20 basis points of gross margin strictly on the pricing aspect of where were charging it. Id say a third of that is because of our growth drivers pulling it down, the other two-thirds is our propensity to execute. And I think its something we fall victim to. We convince ourselves that the marketplace doesnt allow people to charge freight anymore, because thats you read in the headlines every day. Thats not true. The marketplace will allow you to charge freight, when you break, when youre providing a value. I believe your propensity to charge freight in this environment goes up because every time I turnaround, I read an article about folks cant add trucks and drivers and capacity fast enough. And so, freight is becoming more expensive and we were structural advantage there and we need to price for that. So I believe, its fixable, but the challenging aspect is our growth drivers arent are true friend. And so, when it comes to this aspect, they are great friend when it comes to growing our business, but they do hurt it on the face of it. And there we need to challenge ourselves and say, okay, we dont charge freight here, let this customer shipping product out, can we ship some pallets of product out? And thats why, when I go to our big [indiscernible] facility down in Indianapolis, I am always curious what I see when Im down there. Because it tells me if were engaging and doing that because if our customers are having a hard time finding capacity to ship pallets, and we have capacity to ship pallets, I think we can marry that up and fix piece of the problem there. But, its a component of where Holdens talked about the gross margin impact of our growth drivers and the drop, the natural drop were going to see each year in our gross profit, thats a component of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning. Dan you just mentioned 20 basis points of the impact on gross margin. Could you walk through the remainder of that, the decline in gross margin between mix and Mansco and the rest of it?
Dan Florness: Yes. Mansco was probably about 10 to 20 basis points impact right down the middle there. I would say mix this quarter was also sort of in that 10 to 20 basis-point impact. I think, the transportation was about 20 basis points of impact. And those would give you the biggest pieces of the sort of the 70 basis-point decline year-over-year.
Holden Lewis: And local pricing of fasteners.
Dan Florness: And so -- and then obviously local pricing of fasteners and this general product inflation play role and the fact that we didnt get as much as we needed to begin to offset that. Adam, Ill add one pivot there. So, I sighted when I was talking to Dave the fact that weve given up 20 basis points on our propensity charge. We got about half of that back in leveraging of our network itself. So, the gross margin impact was about 10 basis points for freight, 20 of it, pricing, 10 of it we got back because we still run a great fleet and we continue to utilize that fleet for moving products around the country; even though our costs are up there, we are moving more tons of product.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. And then, just secondly, how should we think about working capital for the rest of the year? I guess, I was a little confused on exactly whats happening with receivables and why customers are pushing it into the next quarter. Do you anything you can share with us or other process improvements that you are putting into place to get to get the conversion improve?
Holden Lewis: Yes. To some extent, you dont want to overreact to something because again at the end of the day what we are looking for is are we seeing issues with hard to collect product, and the fact is we are simply not. And so, in the fourth quarter, we obviously called out receivables being a bit of a challenge. And I may have sort of believed that that was primarily a function of the calendar and true that may have simply been -- our customers are sighting to push out beyond the quarter. I dont know what the reason is for what looks to us to be a recent somewhat change in behavior. Its something that we will have to kind of go back and check on and get our arms around. But, I think the important element of it is, we dont have an increase in hard to collect receivables out there. Those numbers have remained lean and healthy. And so, all were seeing is were seeing a pushback, which if its about being able to report a clean quarter, as many of our customers are public and do so, you could be talking about dates. At the end of Q4, we saw an inflow of payments at the beginning of January. I havent had a chance to sort of look at how the beginning of the first quarter has played out yet and look at that statistics, it wouldnt surprise me if its there. So, its something thats worth calling out because obviously it impacts those numbers. But, I dont think that there is anything particularly worrisome from there from a -- in terms of a corporate health standpoint I guess how Ill put it.
Dan Florness: I will throw the ladder on to that, and were coming up on 45 minutes past the hour, so this would be the last question. When I think of it and putting my old hat on, you customers that are growing faster than they have experienced in recent years, that growth in their businesses takes working capital; you have interest rates that are rising. Its probably not an unreasonable thing to see of people pushing, especially, they do a little window dressing at the end of the quarter to see patterns slowdown. My challenge to our team is, guys no, have a challenge your customer. Were business partners here. And to cut off your payments from the 22nd through 25th of March creates a lot of pain for us too. And there is three assets in our business. There is fixed capital of which vending is typically is place inside their facility; there is inventory of which with Onsite were placing dollars inside their facility and there is accounts receivable. If I think of the value, we bring to their business of those three things, the first two add value, the third one doesnt. So dont do that to us. And lets push back a little bit using that, because every dollar we have there is a dollar can have in inventory and fixed capital long term. And we dont think thats good for our customers. So, if they want to push some other suppliers, they can do that, but cant do with us. Because we have inventory and fixed capital inside your facilities to support your business, we cant do all three. With that, we are at 45 minutes past the hour. Thank you for participating in todays earnings call. Holden is hosting an Investor Day next week. I believe thats being broadcast on the Internet.
Holden Lewis: That will be webcast.
Dan Florness: Webcast. And again, thank you for support of Fastenal. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - IR Dan Florness - President and CEO Holden Lewis - CFO
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird. Ryan Cieslak - Northcoast Research Partners Christ Dankert - Longbow Research LLC Robert Barry - Susquehanna
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q4 and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following managements prepared remarks, we will host a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Ms. Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2017 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes, and well start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2018, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. First off, Happy New Year and welcome to 2018. Before I touch on the quarter, Id just like to share a couple of stories. One is the conversation I had with Bob Kierlin, our Founder of Fastenal, about a week ago. Being in just finishing my second year in this role its nice to having Bob around to share thoughts with periodically, and I shared with him my Presidents letter for the annual report we will be filing here in early February. And he stopped back and after reading through and he said, yes, I liked your letter. I do have a question for you though on the right hand column of the first page, I really think you should change it. And I am like okay and he said it feels like you are on an apology tour because you are frustrated with Q4. And he said, you know, what are you doing right now? Your -- Fastenal is working to evolve the business. Where weve been ramping up our business activity, weve been ramping up our development activity, thats relates to our district manager and our branch managers. Weve been ramping up the business to support vending at a higher level and you are ramping up to turn on Onsites and all these things require people and energy and a lot of it. And we are doing it quickly and he said you know weve tripled the number of Onsites we have in a couple of years and we have a whole bunch to turn on, and again that takes energy to do, explain that, dont apologize for it, explain that. And that was helpful. I did modify my Presidents letter as a result and hopefully explaining it better. One thing you will notice when you read the Presidents letter, I touched a lot on the what we are trying to accomplish as well as I explained a lot about the year from the standpoint of the pretax because if you get into after tax, it starts to get little noisy, well touch on that later in the comments.  The other aspect of the story is a conversation is with our RVPs this morning, our Regional Vice Presidents. In that call, 7 Oclock Central this morning I thanked them for 2017, wished them all very good luck in 2018, shared with them my thoughts on the health and capabilities of our business and how much thats improved in the current year. And the excitement there is when we have financial success, career success, our customers have a good year. But I challenged them on a few points and the first one centered on gross margin. And in the last call I really felt our gross margin in fourth quarter would come in at 49 and we are about 20 basis points below where I thought we would be and if you think about our gross margin it was really - we talk about end customer mix and end market mix. I oftentimes think about it in the simple context of there is really three components, if you ignore customer mix for a second, as fasteners, non-fasteners and freight. When you move in relatively inexpensive product per pound around a large continent, freight is a big deal as well.  In the case of non-fasteners, our largest group of products, its about two thirds of business, a lot of noise in the summer and fall about what was going in that marketplace, lot of ecommerce change really impacting that marketplace, a lot of noise in the market, some competitors lowering - adjusting their prices and what that might mean for Fastenal. Right now non-fasteners and our non-fasteners about 25% of that goes through vending platform. So we go to market in a very different channel than our competitors.  Our non-fastener business is growing as strong as its ever grown, Holden would touch on that later in the call. Our gross margin in non-fastener was 10 basis points higher in the fourth quarter than it was in the third and it dead on even where it was a year ago and I feel really good about that. All the noise thats going on, all the stuff thats going on in the marketplace our team is reacting very well. And I shared that with our team this morning. In the case of fasteners, weve seen our gross margin slip from the both year ago and from the third quarter. And really two things thats driving it. One, a disproportionate amount of growth is coming from large customers, lot of OEM fasteners, thats -- and its going to hurt margin and I get that but part of the slippage is occurring because the fasteners are seeing inflation right now and we are little rusty on addressing that, perhaps I am not pushing the group fast enough, perhaps group isnt a moving fast enough, or maybe its a little bit of both. We are little rusty on that. We lost some gross margin in the quarter but thats not what was frustrating me because I believe and I believe thats fixable. And I believe the things we have in motion will fix that. What frustrates me was on the freight side. And in uncustomary fashion we were sloppy on the freight in the fourth quarter. And its a not a revenue problem, its an expense problem. And we were careless and sloppy and it involved our distribution centers, it involved our branch network and it involved everybody that supports those two. So it involved 20,000 people and we were careless in the fourth quarter. And thats where our 20 basis points were lost. Weve always deleveraged little bit in the fourth quarter because our sales are dropping off but we did more than normal and that was frustrating me. And Bob also pointed out, yes, and some of that is because you are adding capacity to handle the volume you see in the near New Year and to support those Onsites that are turning on never lose sight of that. And but if you are being sloppy, just fix it, dont apologize for it, just fix it, so that was my conversation with our RVPs thats related to gross margin.  Our second conversation talked about, we spoke about rent and I am talking about dollar spent on rent throughout our network. A year ago I really challenged the group and said, we need to look at dollars we spend on our buildings. And from Q1, 2017 to Q4, 2017 it cant grow, in our 50 year history thats never happened. But this year it cant because as we are migrating to the Onsite platform, as we are continuing to leverage and lean-up our income statement to be more nimble in the marketplace, that cant grow. I am pleased to say between the first quarter of 2017 and the fourth quarter of 2017, the rent dollar we spent dropped $360,000. Now on the context of $4.5 billion Company that might be not mean a lot, it was huge in our business because weve never done it before. And I challenged them to do it again in the next 12 months between Q4, 2017 and Q4, 2018, lets repeat that feat. Some of its occurring because we are consolidating some of the businesses as we are moving some of our business in the Onsite as our growth is driving in Onsite. We are rationalizing everything we do and we are consolidating some branches. But everything we are doing we are doing to grow faster. It isnt about saving expense dollars but I did want to see if could harvest some of that because Id rather deploy those dollars elsewhere, which brings us to the quarter. The -- our pretax earnings for the fourth quarter of 2017 and for 2017 grew double digits. I cant think about a better way to celebrate 50 years in business. Our earnings per share for the year came in at just over $2.01, thats a bit noisy of a number given that we had some tax legislation passed late in the year and that impacted our income statement. As you all know, most of our revenue and most of our profits are generated in United States of America. And I think its still just over 85%, 88% to be exact. And weve historically paid a tremendous penalty for being a US based business in our global market place and our tax rate has been dropping over years as our internationals got to be bigger. So it creates some noise but if you look at ignoring that tax change, our earnings -- our pretax earnings -- earnings would have grown about 12 -- just over 12% in the quarter and just over 11% in year. Again, an excellent way to finish the year.  Daily sales growth is strong in the fourth quarter, we grew almost 15%. That was lifted little bit our Mansco acquisition early in the year, without it, it would have been just over 13%. And for the year, our daily sales grew 11%. As mentioned, we are aggressively investing to spurt our Onsite initiative, our vending initiative, and our ecommerce initiatives. But we obtained good operating leveraging in the fourth quarter and for the year. I believe we can stay in this momentum as we go into 2018. There was a little window dressing going with some customers late in the year and our cash payments just abruptly halted between Christmas and New Year and cash came in like crazy the first week of January. So a little window dressing to hurt our cash flow late in the year. I am pleased with the fact that after making a sizable investment in what we call CSP16 our inventory in 2016, we were able to lower our days on hand of inventory nominally in the 2017 and we work to do that again in 2018. That was the third item I covered with the -- our VP group this morning.  Our share price has had a nice run in recent months, really in 2017 in general, little choppy along the way but had nice run and because of that and our desire to maintain a meaningful dividend for our shareholders, we raised our dividend as we announced last night. I am going to page 2 of the flip book if you are following along but our Onsite initiative used to be a regional thing. It was something we were doing aggressively -- we were doing aggressively in some of our older regions especially in the upper Midwest. We were doing it aggressively in Mexico and seeking incredible growth in recent years because of it. What I am really proud of is weve turned Onsite a regional thing into company thing. Two years ago when we really started to move the Onsites signing up, we moved the needle because instead of signing a handful 8, 10, 12 Onsites in the year, we signed just over 75 because 25% of district managers went out and signed an Onsite. Our business is -- our success stems a lot from that group about 240 some people scattered around the planet mostly North America. In 2016, we dramatically increased our Onsite signings add about 100 to it because 52% of our district managers signed an Onsite that year. Comes into this year we have a big goal to expand that another 100. We came in at 270 Onsites because 73% of our district managers signed an Onsite this year. Its not a regional thing anymore, its a company thing and its moving the needle on our business, its moving needle on our growth. We have a big goal for next year. Let say another 100. Dont know who had that goal, but our stated goal right now is 360 to 385, even in some of internal meetings you might even hear us say, hey, lets go for 400 but our stated goal is 360 to 385. We have the expansion of our Onsite; we have almost 3,000 in market locations across the planet today again most in North America versus just over 2,900 a year ago.  We signed 19,355 vending devices in 2017, up nicely from last year. The one positive as we rapidly expanded our footprint, weve grown in a basically a decade from literally no vending machine to just over 70,000. When you do some very quickly you make some mistakes, you get along the way, and you are aggressive along the way. And we removed a number of licenses, we didnt install 10, we need really -- we installed 5 where really need 4 that kind of stuffs. Thanks weve installed one; maybe we shouldnt install that one. And so one thing thats very uplifting when I look at 2017 is the percentage of devices what we are removing every year it started to improve. And we saw that in the final three quarters of 2017. So said another way, you can feel and think a lot faster if you turn on the faucet and you plug the drain. And we plugged up drain a bit.  Our goal is to sign 21,000 to 23,000 devices this year. National Accounts, the group is executing at an unbelievable level. They are busy. They are creating a lot of work at branch network and they are creating the need for us to invest heavily. Our National Accounts grew 14.5% for the year, 18.5% in the fourth quarter. My compliments to the group and to everybody else in the company who supports that business.  Finally, and its not a bullet on the chart, our construction has gained momentum as weve gone through 2017 and thats a really pleasing thing because in the last decade, we became an ever better company in the industrial market, we doubled in size. But our construction business in that same decade grew about 35%, thats cumulative number, not an annual number, cumulative number. We really struggled to gain footing in growth. We started to get taste as year went on. Our goal was to grow 5% I think for the year we grew around 6%, but we exit the year growing double digit. So I feel really good about what that means for 2018.  With that, Ive overstayed my welcome. Ill let Holden talk.
Holden Lewis: Thank you, Dan. Good morning. I am going to begin with a quick recap for our 2017 results. Before moving on to discuss on the quarterly performance. In 2017, Fastenal generated $4.4 billion in sales, which is up 10.8% from 2016. We had one fewer selling day in the year so on days basis we are up 11.3%. We did get the economic tailwind that began in late first quarter, strengthens throughout the year, however, we also believe our growth drivers have allowed us to outgrow the marketplace and I want to provide a little bit more color on those.  For vending, excluding units in all these locker program, we finished 2017 with over 71,000 in installed machines, up 8,600 units or 14% over 2016. Signings were below our full year goal but up 7%, but at the highest level since 2013. We also saw higher revenue per machine of 2% to 3% and removables were down 4% and because of that revenue through our machines rose more than 15% in 2017. In 2018, we are targeting signings of 21,000 to 23,000. We signed 270 new Onsite agreements in 2017, shy of our goal of 275 to 300 but well above last years 176 signings. Growth of sales through Onsite excluding branch transfers accelerated through 2018 and was up 22% for the year. We are targeting 360 to 385 signings in 2018. Lastly, National Accounts pace the overall business with daily sales growth of 14.5% in 2017. Sales for our largest customers accelerated through the year with December up 19.7% to a greater extent than last year this is achieved both through a combination of new accounts and by penetrating existing accounts. Margins in 2017 stabilized. Our gross margin finished at 49.3 which were down 30 basis points. This was largely due to products margin which was mostly impacted by a combination of product and customer mix and the inclusion of Mansco since acquiring it on March 31.  Operating margin finished 2017 at 20.1%, flat with last year. Operating expense leverage offset the gross margin decline which was most significantly attributable to occupancy as we shut 120 net public branches in 2017. This was probably offset by the absence of vendor freight credits received in 2016 related to CSP16, increased amortization and higher legal settlement activity. At the gross margin line, mix will likely remain headwind in 2018. Weve recently taken actions to offset product inflation and the degree to which this variable affects gross margin 2018 will depend on the effectiveness of these actions.  At the operating expense line, we think there is room to leverage occupancy further. Everybody expects some leverage over employee related expenses as growth and incentive compensations moderates. Our interest expense was up 40% in 2017 owing to higher rates of debt assumed in the Mansco acquisition. Our tax rate fell for 36.8% in 2016 to 33.7% in 2017 due largely to the discrete items related to the recently passed tax reform which Ill discuss in the quarterly recap. Excluding this, our tax rate would have been 36.5% in 2017, it all blended to a full year 2017 EPS figure of $2.01, up 16.2% from 2016. If I exclude the discrete tax items, our EPS would have been $1.92, up 11.3% from 2016.  Now shifting to the fourth quarter and looking Slide 5 of the deck. As Dan stated, total and daily sales were up 14.8% in the fourth quarter which represents acceleration from 13.6% daily sales growth in the third quarter. Mansco contributed 140 basis points to this growth. The fourth quarter finished well with December daily sales growth coming in at up 14.7% or up 13.3% excluding Mansco.  In terms of market tone, conditions remain healthy. Macro data remain favorable with a PMI averaging 58.9 in the fourth quarter. Industrial production growth accelerated is now rising at a low to mid single digit rate. Manufacturing end markets continue to lead with strength in heavy and general manufacturing, transportation and energy. The positive inflection in the quarter was in construction as Dan mentioned which was up 9.6% in the fourth quarter and was 11.9% in December. Feedback from the field, our construction began to improve late in the first quarter. The uptick in November and December seems to reflect activity levels catching up with that sentiment. From our product standpoint, we experienced acceleration in both fastener and non-fastener lines. From a customer standpoint, National Accounts accelerated again growing 18.4% in the quarter with our 72% of top 100 accounts growing. Growths to smaller customers are steady and nearly 65% of our branches grew into the fourth quarter, up from 64% in the third quarter or 62% in the second. We have no reason to believe that the demand we experienced in the fourth quarter has to continue into the first quarter. That said, beware that storms in the Eastern and Southern regions of the US have had a significant impact on business activity in the first half of January. Now on the Slide 6. Year-over-year, our gross margin was 48.8% in the fourth quarter, down 100 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2016. We had a particular difficult comparison with the fourth quarter of 2016 gross margin having been unseasonably strong on the back of vendor credit received as a result of CSP16. We experienced a downtick in our products margin as a result of mix, inclusion of Mansco and to a lesser degree product inflation in fasteners. Freight was a significant drag in the period owing to higher payments of third party shippers, and incremental investments in drivers and equipments. On a sequential basis, our gross margin was down 30 basis points. While its not unusual for our gross margin decline sequentially, we did expect slightly better. And I think two things are notable. First, the freight variables cited in the annual comparison fell heavily into the fourth quarter relative to the third. Second, the fourth quarter did see price cost pressure on our fastener line. This is modest in the period; however, given continued inflationary condition in the marketplace, we did initiate actions in the fourth quarter including pricing to defend our profitability. We would expect these actions to provide stability to our margins in 2018. Our operating margin was 18.7% in the fourth quarter, down 60 basis points year-over-year. The 100 basis points decline in gross margin was partially offset by 40 basis points of operating expense leverage. Looking at the components to that, occupancy related expenses were down 1%, the largest element being the continued deduction of public branches in the quarter and to the year. Selling transportation related expenses were up 7.4%, the most significant element of that was a 17% rise in fuel primarily from higher prices for unleaded. This leverage was partly offset by the cumulative effect of small items such as lower vendor credits given the absence of a major CSP initiative in 2017, higher legal cost and higher amortization. Employee related cost were up 15.5%, 120 basis points of which relate to Manscos headcount and incremental expenses related to implementation of last years DOL rules. The latter of which will fully anniversary in the first quarter of 2018. The remaining increase is a function of the reset of incentive comp throughout the organization given our return to strong growth in 2017 and an increase in overall staffing. Total headcount growth was up 4.8%, or up 7.7% on an FTE basis. It all blended to fourth quarter EPS figure of $0.53, up 33.5% from fourth quarter of 2016. The quarter included two discrete tax items, a gain related to deferred taxes on fixed assets and a charge related to transition tax on foreign cash and earnings. This added up to one time tax benefit of $24.4 million excluding the discrete items, our tax rate would have been 36.2 and our EPS would have $0.45, up 12.2%. We are still refining our understanding of various elements of tax reforms but expect our full year rate to settle at a range of 24% to 26% excluding any additional discrete item that may arise during the year. Turning to Slide 7, we generated $129 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter which was 85% of net income. We believe this is a function of the timing of receivable which Ill cover in a moment. For the full year of 2017, we generated a record $585 million which represent 101% of net income. These improvements are primarily a function of better earnings. Net capital spending in 2017 was $113 million, down 39% largely from the absence of spending on vending machines related to lease lockers. This is below our target for 2017 of 127 which cannot be attributed to a single item but just slightly lower capital spending in a number of places in the company. For 2018, we are anticipating capital spending of $149 million with the increased being largely attributable to spending and upgrading hub capacity and property purchases for potential future expansion. We finished the year with debt comprising 16.5% of total capital consistent with last year and a level that provides ample liquidity to invest in our business and pay our dividend. Given our expectation for earnings and cash flow in 2018 and our desire to maintain an attractive dividend yield, we have increased our quarterly dividend from $0.32 to $0.37 in the first quarter. In terms of working capital, we are pleased with inventories excluding Mansco; our inventories were up 8%, trailing sales growth due to the ability to leverage the heavy investment branch inventory in 2016 and more energy enterprise wide on this line. Overall, days on hand fell by 7. Receivable growth excluding Mansco was up 20% in the fourth quarter 2017. Accelerating growth generally and relative growth from national accounts played a role as has all year. In the fourth quarter however this was compounded by the end-of-week timing of holidays in December which caused a significant volume of receivables to fall into 2018. Payables excluding Mansco were up 34%. Last years fourth quarter was unusually low in the wake of high CSP16 related purchases.  Thats all for our formal presentation. So with that, operator, well turn it over for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of David Manthey with Baird. Your line is now open.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Happy New Year. Just quick two part question here. One mechanical and one soft side. First, could you level set everyone on your FIFO accounting and how the price increases flow through P&L? I am just interested in this price increase that you recently put through if you can talk about maybe magnitude and timing of the effect on both the top line and the gross margin as it flows through, thats one. And then second, what is the main message that you as a leadership team are sending out to the field this year? And I know you mentioned a few things. I am wondering about aggression on new business and focus on value and Onsite and price increases but Dan when you had that conversation with your RVPs what is the number one most important message you would have those guys and gals take out to their team and their customers today? 
Dan Florness: I am going to start with the second part then Ill go to the first. And Cheryl [ph] or Holden feel free to chime in if you feel my answer is somewhat lacking. As far as the main message, last year talked about growing - a simple message, grow sales and grow earnings. Weve struggled for few years. Obviously amplified by the oil and gas slowdown and how it hit our business. The message this year just had one more thing to it. Grow sales and grow earnings, lets grow it double digit and then the concept of think big. And think big is about one thing we did in 2017 as we worked with all of our district leaders, all of our district managers came in for two day workshop, a day and half workshop. And it was about developing a business plan, a five year business plan for their business. And think big thats basically this, have a plan. Incorporate our growth drivers Onsite, vending, construction, CSP16, national accounts, international, incorporate that into your plan and vet your plan. Share with your peers, share with a regional -- whether its your region or not, share with somebody else and then share with every member of your team because if you get great people pursuing a common goal, you can accomplish great things. And you can get the most out of great people and be more successful move faster. So our biggest message is have a plan and grow your business and think big about it.  In regards to -- we are on FIFO accounting, and so our part of inventory increase for the year is inflation. I am not going to get too deep into the magnitude because I just dont want to get ahead of ourselves Dave but its really a third of our business is fasteners and we are getting some squeezing there. And in some cases we have mechanisms in place thats tethered to indices as far as on a six months basis, there is ability to raise prices in an inflationary period and lower prices in a deflationary period. But we just need to be really crystal with that and I think part of the issue, so I am getting a little beyond your question, part of the issue has been we have been -- we are so wired to grow, grow, grow. And even Holden and I have conversation this morning. We are so wired to grow, grow, grow that sometimes when you are having a conversation with a customer about turning on five or seven additional facilities, you want to balance that with the pricing aspect, but our customers do value the service and what we bring, whether thats in our traditional branch model or Onsite model and/or our vending model. And its really impressing upon the way for us to provide that service as we need to price the product fairly. And we are doing a great job with that on our vending business and our non-fastener business in general. We are just not moving fast enough on our fastener business. So I am going to shy away from quantifying the impact but Holden, you want to talk about it.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I might just chip in Dave as well. If you recall we actually had a modest increase in prices we put in the second quarter in response to what we are seeing inflation in the channel. That really was intended to go after a sliver of the business. And at the end of the day, the amount of which price moved our revenue line this year was fairly immaterial. And we felt that it achieved a goal but it was fairly immaterial overall. This iteration now the demand has gotten stronger and cost inflation has gotten stronger, is intended to address a large slice than we had done in the past. And its really intended to do address the same thing is to address the inflation that we see in whats relatively long supply chain in the fastener business. So we would expect that the -- without giving the details of our quantity, we expect it would be more significant this time around than it was certainly with the smaller on in the second quarter. 
David Manthey: And Holden we could see some of that impact as early as first quarter, correct. 
Holden Lewis: Yes. We would expect that we would be able to speak about in concrete terms by that point. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Ryan Cieslak with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Ryan Cieslak: Hi, good morning, guys. And my first question is really quick follow up on the gross margin and/or pricing side of things. Holden or Dan, the way I think about the pricing implementation, is it give you the opportunity to once again get ahead of the COGS inflation on the fastener side or should we be thinking about this more as a catch up to what maybe you saw in the fourth quarter with regard to that headwind? 
Holden Lewis: Yes. I would characterize it as a bit of a catch up in this regard. I mean as Dan had indicated and I talked about in the script was, we did see the fastener gross margin in the fourth quarter tick down as a result of product inflation. So the group has done a great job staying ahead of it in the non-fastener side, weve gone little bit behind on the fastener side and so this is intended as much anything else to begin to cover up some of that lag. 
Ryan Cieslak: Okay, okay, fair enough. And then Dan when you think about the opportunity here in 2018, obviously 2017 was a really good year for you guys in terms of top line. I am not looking for specific guidance but what maybe are some of puts and takes on the top line in the context that comps do get more difficult and what are maybe some of the incremental drivers and how do we sort of maybe frame up what the opportunity could be? Can you actually grow again double digits or should we be maybe tempering our expectations just given the comps gets more difficult? Thanks. 
Dan Florness: As far as the opportunity drivers for 2018, here are the things that come to mind for me, we have great momentum in our business. As I mentioned earlier, our National Accounts team is executing about as well as I think weve ever executed in our history. We have built in lift from the  if you think about the vending machines that weve signed that weve been deploying late in the year or throughout the year but they have been strong throughout the year. The fact that we are removing fewer and I feel better about installed base and how we are going to grow that in the next 12 months. Our Onsites, we have record number of Onsites that we signed. I feel we have great momentum come into the year because again Onsite now is a company thing. Its not touching a small chunk of our business, its touching the business. So I feel very good about our growth right and the couple of years momentum we have built into them and we are finishing the year strong. And I feel really good about the tax bill signed late in the year. And its ability to list -- to lift the industrial marketplace in the United States. Industrial marketplace and I dont want to get too deep into the discussion here but lets be honest. The industrial marketplace in United States has been the highest taxed population on the planet. And we are unleashing some of that potential with the tax change. I mean I look at our business for example, I believe the S&P 500 has an effective rate of about 27% before the tax act. Our effective tax rate in recent years has been about 10 points higher than that, 36.5%-37%. And we are indicative of that example. And I believe for a lot of our customers it unleashes their potential to think bigger about their business and to grow faster and we are going to participate in that growth because we are going to help support their business. And I feel really good about that coming in 2018. And I think it has some legs to it. 
Holden Lewis: And Ryan just wants to chip in one thing from the earlier question just to make sure everyone understands it. Although product inflation was a factor in fourth quarter, it was well behind product mix, the impact of Mansco and the issues around freight in the quarter in terms of an impact. So when we say that we are sort of catching up, if you will, I dont want to leave the impression that we fall in particularly far behind. It was a fairly minor factor in the fourth quarter. We are acting because we needed to make sure that it doesnt expand as an issue in 2018. 
Dan Florness: Fourth quarter was above guidance. 
Ryan Cieslak: Got it. Just really quick on freight, Dan. Just really quick if I can. Is the freight component more of an internal or company specific element or are you actually seeing some pressure from the marketplace as well as it relates to maybe drivers? You mentioned few, how much of it is more company specific and execution versus maybe some market headwinds that you guys are seeing right now? Thanks.
Dan Florness: Its us. Its company specific. A piece of it is seasonal but that was true last year too. But when I look at the impact of fourth quarter versus third quarter a year ago, and the impact of fourth quarter versus third quarter in 2017, its us. Because what were -- the relativeness of what we are charging for freight, relativeness of how much we are doing internal versus external, we moved most of the freight on our own trucks which is a huge competitive advantage. We still manage it well. And I am going to cut you off with that question. And we will go on for the next one. We are running a little tight on time. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question will come from the line of Christ Dankert from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Christ Dankert: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just trying to take a bigger picture here. How would we think about the pathway to profit kind of in the context of Onsite being such a key driver now? And kind of how that looks versus traditional stores? 
Holden Lewis: Okay. Ill take that one. Pathway to profit historically was about growing our average branch size and as that would happen the operating expenses drop dramatically. A branch doing $50,000 to $80,000 a month has operating expenses well into 30s. A branch doing $150,000 to $250,000 a month has operating expenses that are well down into the mid if not low 20s but mid 20s anyway and so thats really what the pathway to profit was about, was letting the inherent profitability shine through. Onsite creates challenge for pathway to profit in that your revenue growth is coming from our growth drivers, vending help our branch revenue grow. CSP helps our branch revenue grew. Onsite actually help, cause the brands revenue to either trade or maybe go back slightly. So if I have $20,000 month account in a $150,000 branch and I move that to an Onsite to turn into $100,000 customer, the branch close on $150,000 to $130,000 and so we have negative leverage going on there which hurts the pathway to profit concept. Our job is can all those other things get us back to 150. The more thing weve been talking about in our business where weve been closing some branches, so if we move out enough customers and a handful of branches maybe we go from 10 branches in that market to 9 which lets us claw back a little bit to pathway to profit because you got a 9 have a higher average. And so its really about on the branch side, the pathway to profit is as healthy as ever. The Onsite creates real challenge for it but Ill take that challenge because it allows us to grow an Onsite in attractiveness business from the standpoint of our ability to grow with it, and our ability to generate return. 
Dan Florness: And one thing Ill contribute to that is if you do look at the Onsite that predate this becoming a growth driver; the operating margins are above where the newer Onsites are. And so there is a pathway to profit element thats getting lost only because we are opening so many. The intermediate term measure of success is the degree to which we use the pathway to profit to expand maturing Onsite base and to begin to refill what we took out of the branch and then they sort of go down that pathway to profit, second time if you will. 
Christ Dankert: And I guess if I could just flip through the timing a bit more I guess. Is there a way to breakout the Onsites by age then? Maybe we can back into year where you started the year where you finished the year but as far as trying to think about profitability and size, the net impact for 2018 and beyond. I mean is there any way that we kind of look at profitability by our size and then sub divisions at all? 
Holden Lewis: So we do. We have not necessarily gone down the path of sharing that year by year with investment community but we do track that internally. I mean what I would tell you is that from the point that you start an Onsite probably between call it six quarters later you are sort of where the Onsite should be in sort of steady state and then from there you begin doing the things you need to do to improve the margin you go down that pathway to profit, looking for product substitution opportunity, looking for additional volume opportunities. So that path down the pathway is probably begin in earnest between four and eight quarters after sort of the signing and that progress begins and then ultimately you get there but with these new ones since its becoming growth driver, I am not sure we necessarily figure out the exact date that you get to a corporate margin on the Onsite business from the time you start. 
Dan Florness: We are going to take more one call. I see we are at 43 minutes past the hour, one more question I should say.
Operator: Absolutely. Our last question will come from the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Good morning and Happy New Year. I did actually one who follow-up on a comment holding during the prepared remarks about stability, expecting stability in gross margin in 2018. But thats just a price cost comment and then maybe we should layer on what has become this kind of normal 20 to 30 bp hit from next from the growth drivers. So like to [Multiple Speakers]
Holden Lewis: So thank you for clarifying. Thats right. It was intended to be comment about what we were doing at pricing and it was really twofold. One to just let you know that we are taking sort of part and places seriously and taking steps to do it. But the second is we are not necessarily looking at this is an opportunity to boost our margin, if you will, right. We are trying to defend our margin from product inflation that everybody in the marketplace knows thats there. And so I think that you are right to think about in terms of -- its intended to offset product inflation and then the other variables that are always there on gross margin are still there. 
Robert Barry: Right. So thinking about just kind of level setting a base case for 2018 it seems like prices offsetting cost inflation and then youve got 20 to 30 basis points impact from the growth driver and so maybe thats kind of what we see. Would that be kind of good expectations?
Holden Lewis: Yes. I think its a good place to start and then well try to do everything we can freight and other element but I think a good place to start is what we said before, which is every year we kind of start off in the whole 20 to 30 basis points on gross margin because of product and customer mix and when you see how faster our National Accounts are growing, international growing, the Onsites are growing, there is no reason to think that thats any different 2018 than it was 2017.
Robert Barry: Got it. And if that happens do you think operating leverage [Multiple Speakers] 
Dan Florness: We try to religiously keep this till 45 minutes because we realized its earnings season and everybody business and have other call to hop on. Thank you everybody for participating on our call today. As our last question touched on, it forces us to focus very, very intently on the operating expenses within our business. Invest wisely to support growth, invest wisely to grow faster and but manage our expenses prudently. Thanks everybody. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participation on todays conference. This does conclude our program. And we may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - IR Dan Florness - President and CEO Holden Lewis - CFO
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Ryan Merkel - William Blair Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Luke Junk - Baird Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Matt Duncan - Stephens
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2017 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes, and well start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2017, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. Holdens asked me to stay pretty tight to the script. So, Im going to be going through the slide deck, first couple of slides of that. But I will preface my comments with a few thoughts, and this is as much a shout out to our Fastenal team as it is to our Fastenal shareholders. My first comment to the team is, job well done in the quarter. For nine consecutive months in 2017, we have exceeded our internal goals for sales growth. Im proud of the team and Im happy for the team. Last December, I challenged them at our annual gathering of the leadership of Fastenal with three simple messages as we close 2017. One is lets go out and grow our sales, lets get the business growing. We have a lot of growth drivers, lets execute and grow our sales. Secondly, lets manage the business well and grow our earnings because long-term the rewards we can create for our customer, our employees, our shareholders and ourselves are centered on our ability to grow our earnings and our returns long-term. And if we grow it faster than other companies that you can choose to invest in, the market will reward us from the standpoint of valuation and our employees will benefit from that because a fair number of our employees are also shareholders of the Company. Finally, I challenged them to think big about the business. We are going through a massive transformation in the business right now. We have talked about it in previous investor days; we have talked about it in our filings. In the last 10 years, we have grown tremendously, supportive business within Fastenal home vending. In the last three years, we have grown tremendously supportive business to Fastenal and to our customers called Onsite. They are complementary to each other. They are also businesses that Fastenal is uniquely qualified to be successful, and to think big about our future and how the business is going to grow more. As you noticed in the release, our sales growth accelerated in the third quarter 2017. Year-to-date, our daily sales growth is 10.1%. Thats the first double digits we have seen since 2014. And as I called out in the quote in release, we ended the quarter with 15.3% daily sales growth in the month of September, again very pleased with top-line performance in the quarter. Our growth drivers continue to gain traction. We have record signings in the third quarter as it relates to Onsite, putting us on track for a very aggressive goal of 275 to 300 signings. Recall if you go back four years ago, five years ago, six years ago, on average we were signing about 10 a year. In 2015, we began to move the needle and we began to challenge our team to sign more, and we improved the number to about 75, about 175 the next year, and our goal this year was to add another 100 again and do at least 275. I feel very good about us being on pace to accomplish that. Year-to-date, we have signed 213; 64, 68 and now 81. In all that, we have been investing behind the scenes in additional infrastructure to support the Onsite business that includes IT infrastructure; that includes implementation infrastructure. Despite those investments, we have continued to obtain operating expense leverage in our business. Our incremental margin was 21% in the quarter. And one thing about the quarter, its a 63-day quarter versus a 64 last year. For us to lose a day in a quarter is kind of unusual. We do just over $18 million a day in business. If we would had a more normal quarter, 64 to 64, most of that incremental gross profit dollars would have gone to the bottom-line and our incremental margin on that business would have been about 25%. So, we feel very good about the expense management we are exercising as we grow and invest in the future of our business. Finally, if I look at it from the standpoint of how much of that converted into cash, our operating cash flow in the third quarter was a record for any third quarter in the history of Fastenal, both from the standpoint of absolute dollars and as relative to our earnings. Very pleased with the team, and that requires a big effort from both our supply chain folks as well as our branch and Onsite personnel because -- managing the inventory growth because that is the biggest wildcard when it comes to our working capital needs. Touching on the Onsites again going to the second slide. 81 Onsites Signed. We have about 555 active sites, thats up almost 48% from a year ago. And again, I reiterate, our goal is 275 to 300 signings. A sidebar Ill throw in as it relates to Onsite, as weve ramped up our Onsite in the last several years, its translated into our ability to grow and take market share faster. In yesterdays meeting I had with our Board of Directors, I was walking through with them the concept of the growing sales component. Last year, in the third quarter, about 25% of our district leaders, so we have about 250 district leaders in our business, about 25% of them grew their business double-digit. Its no coincidence, or it is a coincidence that in the prior year in 2015, about 25% of our district managers signed an Onsite and that translate into 75 signings. Last year -- and Ive shared this on calls before, last year, we more than doubled our signings because roughly 54% of our district managers signed an Onsite in 2016. Interestingly enough, in the third quarter of 2017, 54% of our district managers grew their business double-digit. Year-to-date in 2017 -- and our goal for the year in establishing the 275 to 300 Onsite signings, our goal was to keep improving the participation of our leaders in this growth driver. And I challenged the team, can we get to 80%. So, weve gone from 25 to just over 50, can we add another 30 and get to 80. Year-to-date 64% of our district managers have signed an Onsite. Success for us in vending five and six and seven years ago came from more participation across the organization. Success for us in Onsite followed the same path, a greater portion of our business engaged with the customer and the manifestation for us is vending in Onsite signings. Year-to-date its 64%. I dont know if well accomplish 80% by year-end but Im really impressed with what weve done in the first nine months of the year. Total in-market sites today, 2,973, a year ago we were at 2,921. So that continues to grow, as we morph a piece of our business closer to the customer. As youve seen from our filings, weve closed some branches in the last 12 months as weve done in the last five years. Think of it as not a closing, but think of it as a consolidation. Weve consolidated two branches because part of the business of one has moved Onsite but our local presence continues to grow. Weve signed 4,771 bending devices, basically on par with what we did in the third quarter of last year. To me, the most meaningful thing is our business there continues to grow double digits, just over 20% growth, 21% on daily basis, just under 20 on absolute basis because one less day. But our number of devices were removing inched down as weve gone through the year and inched down in the third quarter. So, very pleased from the standpoint, it feels like our signings are better and our performance on the existing base is better. Finally, our national accounts business grew about 17% in the quarter, which means our non-national business grew just over double digits for the first time in quite some quarters, to give us our combined growth. So, very pleased with the quarter. Our growth drivers are moving the needle. Were managing our operating expenses through that. And one thing youll notice, Ive been completely silent about our gross margin. Holden is going to touch on a few points of that. Im sure there will be a question or two on gross margin, but Ill throw one piece out to the group in the for whats its worth category. If you look at Onsite, if you look at vending and if you look at our Mansco acquisition, add these three components of our business up, and they account for about two thirds of our growth from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year. Weve previously said, all three of these operate at a gross margin below our Company average, but have very attractive operating margin and return characteristics. And at the end of the day, thats what you pay us for. With that, Ill turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Thank you, Dan, and good morning. So, before jumping back into the slide deck, I did want to call out a few items that made the third quarter 2017 unique. The first is, I just want to call your attention to last page of the supplemental deck. This quarter, we did take a fresh look at the market exposure of our business and made certain adjustments that affected our end-market mix and slightly altered the growth rates versus what we reported in the past months and quarters. So, please feel free to take a look at that last page. Secondly, as Dan has indicated, we did have one less selling day in the third quarter than was through the prior year. Based on our September daily sales rate, that cost us more than $18 million in sales during the period. That was known of course, but keep in mind that many of our costs, notably the employee-related expenses are not day dependant and that does affect leverage. Third, we estimate that the hurricane that hit the Gulf, the southeast and Puerto Rico saved 20 to 30 basis points from revenue during the quarter. It is hard to estimate the impact of post storm recovery on our volumes, but we do believe that some of that was present in September, particularly in the Gulf, though not at a level to magnitude -- or not at a magnitude to offset the original loss sales. In addition to the top-line impacts, the hurricanes also were a very slight drag to gross margin due to the write off of damaged assets and an increase in sales of low margin storm related products like water and generators. Now with that said, lets look back at slide five. And as Dan indicated, total sales were up 11.8% in the third quarter, but on a daily sales basis, they were up 13.6%, which is an acceleration from up 10.6% in the second quarter. Mansco contributed 130 basis points to this growth, which is consistent with the prior year. The third quarter finished strongly with Septembers daily sales growth coming in at up 15.3% or up 14%, excluding the impact of Mansco. In terms of end-market tone, the third quarter felt a lot like the second quarter. Macro data remain favorable with the PMI averaging at healthy 58.6 and industrial production continuing to grow at a low single digit rate. As a result, we saw broad strength and further acceleration on our manufacturing markets, while constructing sustained a mid-single digit growth rate. From a product standpoint, we experienced acceleration in both fastener and non-fastener lines. And from a customer standpoint, national accounts accelerated again, up 17.3% in the quarter with 71 of our top 100 accounts growing. Growth of the smaller customers also accelerated in the quarter and its notable that our non-national account customers grew better than 10% in September. This contributed 64% of our branches growing in the third quarter, which is up from 62% in the second quarter and 58% in the first. So, based on sustained strength in most of our end markets and strong momentum in the growth drivers that Dan covered on slide four, we feel good about our top-line momentum entering the fourth quarter. Now to slide six. On a year-over-year basis, our gross margin was 49.1%, down 20 basis points versus the third quarter of 2016. If I look at our organic fastener and non- fastener categories, there really was very little change in the gross margin. The very driver of the annual decline was the effective product and customer mix, the inclusion of Mansco and a very slight drag afforded by the hurricanes. We think that these combined probably provide about 30 to 40 basis points of drag to the annual gross margin for the year. On a sequential basis, our gross margin was down about 70 basis points. Again, the organic margin for our fastener and non- fastener categories were mostly unchanged and the price cost dynamic was mostly stable. Seasonality and storm effects did play a role but the single largest cause of the sequential drop in the period was the behavior of what we call the organizational variables. In the quarter, this includes things such as more third-party shipping, foreign exchange adjustments, lower vendor freight credits as a result of really good inventory control in the period and other items of that sort. Which of these variables move in which directions can be hard to predict in any single period and in most quarters it winds up being a series of pluses and minuses that even out. But in the second quarter, these skewed heavily in favor of gross margin; and in the third that favorable skewing completely reversed. Given these movements over the last two quarters, frankly, we look at the best representation of our gross margin, probably being the fact that our year-to-date 2017 gross margin of 49.4% is broadly comparable to our year-to-date 2016 level of 49.5%. So, year-to-date, were down about 10 basis points despite the mix effects, the acquisition and those sort of factors that weve talked about in the past. Our operating margin was 20.2% in the third quarter, up 20 basis points year-over-year. The 20 basis-point decline in gross margin was more than offset by the 40 basis-point of leverage over operating expenses. Consistent with how our model works, weve leveraged operating expenses every quarter of 2017 and thats resulted in our year-to-date operating margin expanding to 20.5% from 20.3% in the third quarter -- Im sorry, year-to-date in 2016. Employee-related costs were up 12.3%, 130 basis points of this increase relates to Manscos headcount, plus the incremental expenses related to implementation of last years rules. [Ph] Having one fewer selling day also had a slight negative impact. The remaining increase is a function of the reset of incentive comp throughout the organization, given our return to strong growth in 2017 and an increase in overall staffing. Total headcount growth remained modest to up 1.9% or up 3% on an FTE basis, but we have added personnel in 8 of 9 months this year. It does remain a goal of ours to leverage the employee related expenses over time. Occupancy related expenses were up 1.5%, branch costs are slightly lower reflecting closures over the past 12 months, more than offset by growth in our vending install based. Selling transportation related expenses were up 2.7%, reflecting our ability to leverage our vehicle moving activities, even while we support the growth of our business. Total incremental operating margin in the third quarter was 21.3%; if you exclude Mansco, that incremental margin was 22.1%. And frankly, we think that that value will likely reduce by more than 200 basis points by having one fewer selling day in the period. Turning to slide seven, we generated $163 million in operating cash in the third quarter; thats a record amount for any third quarter and its 114% of net income. Year-to-date, weve generated $456 million, which represents 107% of net income, an improvement on the 100% in the first nine months of 2016. These improvements are primarily a function of better earnings. Net CapEx in the third quarter was $24 million, down 67% due in large part to the absence of spending on vending machines related to the leased locker program. Our anticipated capital spending target of 2017 is unchanged at $127 million. In the third quarter, we spent $92 million on dividends and $26 million to repurchase shares of stock. Our level of debt was mostly stable at $440 million. And at 17.8% of total capital, we view our balance sheet as conservatively capitalized with ample liquidity to continue to invest in our business and pay our dividend. In terms of working capital, we are particularly pleased with the inventories. If you exclude Mansco, our inventories were up 7%, which significantly trails the growth in sales. This reflected the ability of the field to leverage the heavy investment branch inventory in 2016 and just more energy enterprise wide on this line. Receivables growth excluding Mansco is up 15% in the quarter as in the second quarter that it grew faster than sales reflects the acceleration in growth that we saw as the quarter progressed as well as the relative growth of national accounts. Payables excluding Mansco were up 23%. Last years third quarter was unusually low in the wake of high CSP 16 related purchases in the prior quarter, a dynamic thats likely to repeat in the fourth quarter this year. Thats all we have for our formal presentation. And with that, well turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys, good morning. So, I just wanted to understand whats happening with the price cost. I know youve talked in the past about benefits of the long supply chain but I think the inflation would be upon you. Are you getting price to kind of fully offset the inflation? 
Holden Lewis: Yes, I would answer that in a couple of ways. In terms of the price that we referred to in the second quarter, we felt like in the second quarter that resulted in a positive price cost dynamics. As you roll into 3Q, we feel like we got a little bit of incremental price but we also began to see a little bit of the incremental cost flowing through. And frankly, those probably balanced out relative to where we were in Q2. So, yes, we feel like the price that we envisioned getting, we got. The costs have begun to come through. We talked about that, perhaps hitting in Q4 that will certainly be the case but we saw some of that hit in Q3 as well to result in sort of stability in that dynamic, if you will. There is still inflation; that hasnt changed. And I think I would probably answer the question of how we address that the same way I have answered in the past which is that if at some point we determine that we cant protect our level of profitability without resorting to some sort of price action, then we will take that step, and we believe that we would be successful in that. But we didnt do anything along those lines in the third quarter.
Robert Barry: Got you. And just as a follow-up, I think 4Q gross margin is typically down quarter-over-quarter, right? And you also have a tough comp this year. So, should we expect that sequential pattern to hold, maybe something in the high [Technical Difficulty] ballpark, is that kind of how we should calibrate 4Q?
Holden Lewis: We try not to predict, obviously. I do think you are right that we have a very difficult comp versus the gross margin that we put up last year. And I think that thats certainly going to be a feature of the fourth quarter. In terms of what we expect for gross margin in the fourth quarter, there is typically seasonality; on the other hand, we did have some minor drag related to the hurricanes in this particular quarter. Its difficult for me to kind of give you a number, but were not going to go towards the number. I think that there are some puts and takes that at the end of the day that the seasonality is usually fairly minor -- fairly modest and well see the degree to which there are some things that offset that.
Robert Barry: Was the hurricane
Dan Florness: Hey, Rob. 10 bps? Yes, I just wanted to clarify what the hurricane impact was on the gross margin?
Holden Lewis: Yes, it was probably 5 to 10 basis points. 
Robert Barry: Got you. All right. Thank you.
Dan Florness: This is Dan. Im going to chime in, a quick comment. This is part of the call that I always drive Holden probably little crazy, but hes getting used to it. If I think about the comments he made earlier and I think about our July call, there were quite a few questions that really were asking, what lifted gross margin because Holdens message over time has been one of, when you think about the growth drivers, the math of the growth drivers should lower our gross margin each year to optimistically 20 basis points, pessimistically 25 to 30. And thats just the fact that the growth drivers of vending and in the case of this year acquisition, tend to weigh down. And then over time the growth of our non-fasteners relative to fasteners which are obviously influenced by the growth drivers, weighted down a little bit, and organizationally what can we do to work back, to grab back some margin and in our sourcing, our logistics, our selection of products, everything.  So, in the second quarter, we stumbled ourselves a little bit, trying to explain to you all and your questions why we werent confident that gross margin was a new normal because we talked about a lot of the puts and takes and everything was a put. This quarter, as Holden mentioned a lot of the puts and takes lean towards takes, not puts. Our fastener gross margin was down about 10 basis points, our non- fastener gross margin was completely unchanged from Q2 to Q3. And I think thats an important component. So, it was really the organizational -- the other stuff all worked against us this quarter. History has told me and my history perspective is 20 years, four quarters a year, thats about 80 quarters. History has told me that you dont get things that go all your way or mostly against your way typically in a quarter. So, going into the fourth quarter and I dont like making predictions, but going in the fourth quarter, Im not looking for our gross margin to be below 49 from a standpoint of sequential weakening. Well get a little bit benefit from the hurricane number. Now, in all honesty, there could be 5 basis points of hurricane in the fourth quarter because in Puerto Rico we dont know all the answers. We do know that all of our employees are safe in the Gulf coast, in Florida and in Puerto Rico; and in Houston we had two branches that were destroyed by the hurricane. What we know initially about Puerto Rico is we had no branches damaged. It sounds like we came through it reasonably well. Our business suffered but our assets did not and more importantly, our employees came through it safely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Thank you. First question is on incremental margins. Just given the 12% topline, I was expected incremental margin to 25% plus. So, my question is, is this still an achievable target if we adjust for restoring incentive compensation, hurricanes and one less day?
Holden Lewis: Yes. I mean, we -- organically, the incremental margin came in around 22%. And we believe that the day itself probably cost us the rest of the gap between that number and about 25% in the quarter. If you think about it, that extra day cost us about $18 million in revenues. Now bear in mind of course, we know about that in advance of course, the day is not a surprise. But it still does cost us year-over-year $18 million in revenues. We dont get a discount on our base salaries, which are a significant portion of our total employee-related expense, and there are other elements within the operating expense category. Now, we dont get a discount on just because we have one fewer day. And so, we do believe that the organic incremental was around 22%. And if you -- if it were for that extra day, not being there, we think that it would have been in that 25% range.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. So, no change really long-term to high single digit sales growth, you can get 25% or so incremental margin?
Dan Florness: In the short-term, I would agree with that. The real question, Ryan, is when you look out to the future, what percentage of our growth is coming from the Onsite model. And again, in the quarter, it was about 30% of our growth. What percent of the growth is coming from Onsite and what is that due to weigh down at incremental margin. But, were very mindful of managing the expenses around that. And I dont know if Holden touched on this. Sometimes -- the discussion at the Board meeting yesterday and discussion on the conference call get muddy from me. But I dont know if he touched on it, so if I repeat I apologize. But right now, were anticipating Q4 branch level occupancy. By occupancy, Im talking about rent; utilities change with the season, but Im talking about rent expenses. Right now, were expecting Q4 will be lower than Q1. And I dont know if thats ever happened in the history of Fastenal. And so, were being very mindful in managing that expenses because we do believe we can get in the short-term incremental margins in that mid-20s. I cant speak to four and five years from now, if theyre mid-20s or if theyre close to mid-20s. But I know well be growing our returns and our cash flow handsomely at that time.
Holden Lewis: Yes. I will just chip in two things. One, that math is basically correct. Bear in mind again, the difficult gross margin comp in the fourth quarter however will make it difficult on a single quarter way, basis to do that. But, to Dans point, I mean, were trying to grow this business, were doing a fairly successful job of it given where our revenue growth rates are compared to the marketplace and things of that nature. And we are going to continue to grow and outgrow the market and gain market share. And so, whereas we are going to manage our expenses to be able to achieve a very healthy incremental margin and we do think about that double-digit growth in that 25% type of incremental, sometimes we get questions about why it cant be more, why it cant be more, and the answer is because we not only manage our expenses but we also manage our expenses to be able to grow. And so, I think the math that youre talking about makes some sense to us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Graham: So, earlier this year, we were talking about how we sort of wake up in the morning with 20 to 30 basis-point gross margin drag that you were -- at that time you said, you were confident in being able to backfill, owing to mix and what have you. It sounded to me and maybe Im just reading to deeply into this, but the growth drivers now do seem to be that 20 to 30 basis points and that does not include what would seem to be product mix, which has been running negative. And Im wondering if the growth drivers include customer mix. So, is it still 20 to 30 or maybe is it now higher than that?
Holden Lewis: Yes. So, couple of things. First, I dont think we ever said were confident that we backfill. I think what we said is that were going to have 20 to 30 basis-point headwind, just as you say waking up in the morning at the beginning of the year. And that will certainly work very hard to try to backfill that, but over an extended period of time, we would not be surprised, if our gross margins are lower. But that is on the back of significant growth and market share gains. So, I never said confident, but we certainly do wake up every day, knowing were at a hole and making an effort to try to fill it up, but there is certainly never any guarantee that we would do that year-after-year. With respect to the mix question. No, the mix is not different. When we talk about the 20 to 30 basis-point drag, that really does fill in the product. It fills in the customer. That is really trying to take into account all the variables. And the reason it does that is because, I look at that mix relative to how our margins are performing across the product set, which would encompass everything that were doing from a growth standpoint. So, I think that 20 to 30 basis points that we wake up through every year, I think thats the number. Now, we talk about how three quarters of our revenues, our fasteners and Onsites and national accounts and vending that we believe that we have a significant mode in, and those also happen to be our growth drivers. They are going to become a bigger part of the mix and they also have even the lower gross margin. If in a year or two that 75% becomes 80% or 85%, does that 20 to 30 become 30 to 40, maybe, but thats a function of very defensible revenue and market share gains. And well try to fill in that hole too, but we certainly would not guarantee it.
Scott Graham: I apologize if I misquoted you there. So, it does stay 20 to 30
Holden Lewis: Hey, Scott, hold down a second. Dan will
Dan Florness : Im going to just chime in. If your definition of backfill is at the gross margin line, the answer is different; and if your definition of backfill is at the operating margin line or operating income line, because in the last 12 months, I look at Q3 to Q3, we gave up 20 basis points of gross margin, we picked up 20 basis points of operating income. And so, I read that as we backfill the 20 with 40 basis points of operating expense leverage from a backfill perspective, because at the end of day, the numbers that really matter on the income statement are further south than the gross margin line, and we backfill that two times over. And thats the key to the business and that was done in an environment where, as you know from reading our proxy or if you read through proxy, youd see that our incentive comp is really centered on paying out a piece of our profit dollar growth, in the case of our leadership team and thats true of many of our support areas, as well as our logistics, costs in the case of distribution and gross profit dollar growth or sales in gross profit dollar growth at the branch and Onsite location. So, in the current quarter, our incentive comp is up between 25% and 30% because were reloading incentive comp, so that in that environment, we picked up 40 basis points of expense leverage. When we get through 2006 -- 2017 excuse me, that reload is largely complete. We have a little bit of reload in the first quarter but in the second quarter our incentive comp had dramatically expanded. So, we have the benefit of that when we get into the second quarter of 2018 and partially there in the first quarter of 2018.
Scott Graham: Got you. Thats great color. Thank you, both. My follow-up is a little simpler. The acceleration in sales in September was impressive. I was just sort of wondering if you maybe could parse out the piece of lets say of sales that you recaptured from Harvey, my guess is that that would be a smaller piece of it and instead I am hoping that you can answer sort of which end markets look like they accelerated in September?
Dan Florness: Yes. So, to take the first question about the Harvey, it was fairly modest and it was primarily in Houston that we would have regained some of what we lost in August but that regain was probably about a third. I mean, were probably talking about $0.5 million, maybe a little more than that in terms of what we recaptured. I will tell you, going forward, its a difficult number for us to really understand. So, we will do our best but its a hard number to refine. But, I am fairly comfortable at this point that we actually lost more in revenue in September from Irma and Maria than we gained in recovery in Houston. So, the hurricanes were a net negative in both August and September. Thats I would say with regards to that. And then, in terms of end markets, it really -- it gets down to the manufacturing end markets, right? If you look at our heavy equipment, it accelerated; if you look at heavy manufacturing but honestly our manufacturing business as a whole accelerated across the board. And you talk to the RVPs and they still talk about oil and gas is still doing fairly well and all the flow through that comes with that. So the manufacturing complex in general I think continues to accelerate. The transportation complex for us which doesnt include a lot of automotive, bear in mind but that continues to expand for us. So, its -- there werent a lot of areas I could point to that were soft or werent getting better. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Luke Junk of Baird. Your line is now open.
Luke Junk: First question on Onsites. Really, we are still early stage here relative to when you really put your foot down on the accelerator in terms of signings. But what I was wondering is how is the revenue run rate tracking on average relative to the numbers that you laid out at the 2015 Analyst Day. That is about $1 million of year one market share gains and $1.8 million in average annual spend over time. The reason I ask is that the pace of signings were seeing right now, just doing the math on those numbers alone, I would certainly speak to some single top-line momentum coming from that business.
Dan Florness: Luke, if I look at what were seeing, I have a few observations. One is were continuing to see really good trends in the numbers. Averages are in line with what you are seeing. Averages can be deceiving; you have some that are well above it, some that are below it. Thats the nature of the averages I guess. But very pleased with the run rates we are seeing from the standpoint of what we would have expected. One thing thats a tremendous positive for me, when I look at the layers of Onsites for signing, were actually seeing better performance out of the 2016 signings that weve been implementing in the latter half of 2016 and early half of 2017 than we saw in the 2015 signings that we were signings 12 months earlier. Now, how much of that is a rising tide is as you all know the ISM has continued to inch up; thats usually leading indicator. So, Im optimistic thats a sign of things to come but were definitely seeing strength in our end markets. But were also seeing underlying better performance in the Onsites weve signed again in 2016 versus what we did in 2015, which is really positive from the standpoint of the quality versus our historical perspective. So, I feel very good about that. I hope that answered your question. 
Holden Lewis: The only thing Ill add to that is, we continue to see the Onsites contribute more and more to our growth rate. I think this quarter, if you take out what moved from branches to Onsite and if you remove that element of it, the Onsites contributed close to 3.5% of our growth year-over-year. And that is an increase from where we were in Q2 which itself was an increase from where we were in Q1. So it continues to contribute more.
Luke Junk: And then, follow-up question, just as it relates to the operating leverage looking into next year. Dan, youve already touched on this to some extent, but I was just wondering if you could put a finer point on the benefit to your growth and pretax income as growth in the incentive comp normalizes to get into the second quarter next year beyond. I think in the past you maybe put this in terms of how much pretax earnings growth the growth incentive comp is consuming say right now where were in this adjustment period versus a period next year where thats going to normalize to some extent.
Holden Lewis: Yes, Ill let Dan provide some historical perspective on these numbers since he has it, given he is 80 quarters I think he counted. But, I think if you think about it, in the first year of the reset year if you will, it probably consumes 25 to 30% of our pretax dollar growth can sort of go to incentive. When you get into the second year that can perhaps get cut close to in half in terms of how much of your pretax it consumes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Hamzah Mazari: Could you give us some sense on what youre hearing on section 232 and the duties on semi-finished steel products, whether thats going to have an impact on margins?
Holden Lewis: We dont know yet. I think a decision on that keeps getting
Dan Florness: It might be helpful to explain everybody else on the call what hes asking.
Holden Lewis: Yes. So, this is basically a question about tariffs on Asian steel, I believe, which could encompass some of our products. And effectively a decision on whether or not to enact those sort of tariffs continues to get punted, and I think at this point the expectations is maybe the decision comes next year early next year. What I would tell you is I think that if the costs to procure steel products and fasteners go up because of an act like that, then they will go up for everybody Fastenal as well as our competitors and given that its difficult to procure a lot of product domestically at this point. And so, the typical response would be to try to pass that through the customers and we expect that the industry would probably take that action if something like that were to occur. But were watching it, nothing has been decided on it to our knowledge, and if something is, then well react appropriately.
Hamzah Mazari: All right. Thank you. And just quick follow-up, could you give us a sense of how much your current business is government and how trending including any exposure to state versus federal?
Holden Lewis: Our government business is probably about 4% of our total revenue. Its almost entirely state and local, we really dont do a lot with federal. By the way, thats one reason when people want to talk about sort of the recovery element after a storm. We dont necessarily have that sort of theme in federal government connection that perhaps some other distributors may have. But ours is primarily state and local. Its growing well for us. What I would tell you is, its probably a small enough piece of our business that we wouldnt be a proxy for the market. But the last couple of quarters, weve had some nice wins, we have some energy that were putting into the state and local government business, and we think thats providing some benefit to us. But yes, about 4% of our revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Duncan of Stephens. Your line is now open.
Matt Duncan: First question Ive got is just, Holden, if you look at -- or Dan, either one, if you look at the top 100 customers, youve got some where youre not growing and some are declining double digits. Just curious, what end-markets those customers are serving. Is this there are common theme among them and do you see an opportunity to maybe see growth pickup even further if some of those customers do return to growth here?
Holden Lewis: Yes. If I look particularly at sort of where September was, there is -- within that top 100, Ill tell you, there are not many categories that are declining; and the one or two that are, there is only one or two companies in each. And so, Im not sure if thats particularly indicative. So, as I said I think that the performance for the most part has been pretty uniform across our end-markets. Now, obviously, the largest piece of those 100 is going to be manufacturing and thats doing really well, but its relatively -- there is growth across our landscape frankly. I would say, if I look at trends I think that the E&C, the engineering and construction business has gotten [Technical Difficulty]
Dan Florness: [Technical Difficulty] but I see we are at 9.45. I have a [Technical Difficulty] incremental margin because were expanding our team, were expanding our distribution capabilities, were expanding the expenses of the business, but generally speaking, a high piece of the gross profit dollars flow through. If I look at the expansion incentive comp and Holden was taking a little broader brush when he was looking at his 25% number. If I look at the expansion of incentive comp at the branch, support and leadership levels across the company, our expansion of incentive comp consumed above 11% of our incremental margin. History has shown that number is probably in a more typical year -- its probably not 5%, but probably in the 7% to 8% neighborhood. So, to Ryan Merkels earlier question, there is probably about 3 points of incremental margin that are absent this year because of the expansion of incentive comp that wouldnt be there next year, because its already reloaded. I hope that clarified that point. I see were at 9:45. So, again, I want to thank you everybody for participating the call today. I hope you find this exchange useful in understanding Fastenal business. And again to the Fastenal team, nice quarter everybody. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Daniel Florness - President and CEO Holden Lewis - CFO
Analysts: Robert McCarthy - Stifel Andrew Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital David Manthey - Baird Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q2 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Ms. Ellen Trester, you may begin, ma'am.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes, and we'll start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2017, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call may include statements regarding the company's future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations, and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the company's latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our Second Quarter Earnings Call.  Before I turn to the flipbook, I'd just like to make a few general comments. One, a message to our team. And that is last December, we sat down and we talked about 3 simple concepts for 2017: One was grow our sales; second one was grow our earnings; and the third one is to think big. And on the gross sales front, it was all about focusing on our growth drivers and your team. And I'm pleased to say, in the first quarter, our internal goal of system, we came in at 100.7% of our internal sales goal. In the second quarter, we came in at 102.6%. So I'm very pleased and proud of the execution put forth by our team thus far in 2017. The second one was about grow earnings. Biggest message there is have a plan. Gross margin, know your levers, know the trends of our business, but more importantly, know the leverage you can pull in the short term to help your gross margin. I think we executed well on those in the current quarter. The second one is our biggest component of operating expenses is payroll. 2017 is going to be a tough year for managing payroll from the standpoint. We were very bullish coming into the year on where our prospects could be. We had great momentum, I felt, coming from 2016. And one of our biggest expense growth in the current year would be incentive comp. I've talked about that in previous calls and at investor conferences that a high percentage of our payroll is incentive-based, whether that be at the branch level, at the distribution level or in the manufacturing or support areas. We reward our people based on our ability to accomplish goals. And I felt we'd have somewhat of a reloading of the incentive comp in the current year and we've seen that in the current quarter. Finally, on the aspect of occupancy, frankly, it just can't grow outside of vending. Vending, we included in occupancy expense because it's just another shelf within our network of distribution, but being very mindful of where our costs can go, and I think we did a nice job of that in the current quarter as well. Finally, think big. I think, Onsite is an example of us thinking big over the last 5 years of how we can grow the business faster. Vending is another of the last 10. And the challenge we put forth to ourself is always looking for what's next in that think big category about growing the business, growing our service to our customers and growing the opportunities for our employees and our shareholders long term. On the gross margin front, I believe it's been, and correct me if I'm wrong on this one, I believe it's been since the last time we had a gross profit improvement year-over-year on a relative basis was the third quarter of 2013. I believe we were up 2 basis points that quarter. So I would suspect in the last 14 earnings calls, 12 out of every 10 questions have centered on gross margin, why it's down. I'm thankful we won't get that question today, but maybe a variation of that. Holden will provide some more insight on that as he goes through his notes, but I would ask you to indulge me with a few thoughts here. One is about human nature. When an organization is struggling to grow, within each of our customers, there's a universal spend that we typically play in. And that universe has the gross margins you've grown accustomed to. Oftentimes, we will step out of that portion of the spend and go deeper into their supply chain and not all that product has the same margin profile. I'm sure some of the improvement of our gross margin in the current quarter is the economy, and our growth drivers gave us more -- a little bit more lift and maybe we don't have to dig quite as deep. And -- but one aspect where we are digging deeper and continue to dig deeper is our Onsite strategy, that's the core strength of that, as you go into a broader range of products because you have a different cost structure. We have a better stocking plan. In 2016, we rolled out what we call CSP 16, that's our Customer Service Project. It's helped our in-brand sales, it's helped our construction business, both of which have helped our margin. We've also done a nice job of [hub] [ph] stocking. Nick Lundquist and his team have done a wonderful job balancing inventory dollars to advantages for our branch personnel and what to sell to drive their gross margin. And we've gained some traction on that. It took some inventory dollars to do it, but we're generating great return on that investment. And frankly, better analytics. Again, Nick and his team have done I believe a better job supporting the branches, our district managers and our regional VPs on understanding their business, understanding the levers to pull in their gross profit, there's a whole bunch of them. And finally, I'll touch on about greater execution. The one thing that I thinks really great about our gross margin this quarter isn't the fact that it's up, it's the fact that the improvement came in 5 basis points here and 5 basis points there from about a dozen different places. That gives me more comfort in our ability to execute and our ability to hang on to some of that because the long-term trends that Holden has talked about in previous calls are intact, and that is our growth drivers related to non-fasteners, related to Onsite, related to vending, don't raise our gross margin. And so execution steps is what we need to do to offset some of that impact over time. Now switching to the prepared flipbook. Sales growth returned to double digits in the second quarter of 2017. Underlying demand improved, but we outpaced the market due to continued momentum in our key growth drivers. One other item I'll point out is that we did see some improvements in the underlying economy, and again, Holden will touch deeper on that in a few minutes. One point that jumped out for me, in previous calls, I've talked about our national account business representing just under 50% of our revenue. And that our top 100 customers represent about half of that number. Both of those groups, our overall national account and our top 100, have been performing well for us, with one exception. Our top 10 customers have been negative for us all year long, and in June, flipped to positive. That improvement from May to June represented -- from those top 10 customers, represented about 20% of our improvement in the growth numbers from May to June. So that's a sign of what the economy did when I look at the May to June numbers that I can tangibly put my finger on. A piece of that 20% obviously came from things we're doing with that customer group, but their activity has improved. The other 80% I'm sure has elements of the economy in it, too, but a lot of elements of just pure execution by the Fastenal team, and I'm proud of them for their efforts. We continue to control our operating costs despite having the growth-related compensation issues or opportunities, depending on how you want to look at it. As a result, our incremental margins topped 25% this quarter. That number was reduced by somewhere between 25% and 30% because of the expansion of incentive comp. We're -- earlier, I touched on thinking big, and we can't emphasize that enough, we're encouraging all of our leaders, and we have 20,000 of them within Fastenal. We encourage all of our leaders to think big about our long-term planning and our future. Finally, as we mentioned in last quarter's call, we acquired a company in Michigan, Mansco. I'm very pleased to say have exceeded our expectations in the first 3 months. We're learning quickly and really well how to play in the sandbox together. And we don't do a lot of acquisitions, that's a learning curve for us. And they haven't been acquired a lot, so that's a learning curve for them. And -- but I'm pleased to say both teams have gelled really well, and I want to say thanks to the Mansco team for pushing us over the 10% mark and in the double-digit territory for sales growth for the quarter. On Page 4 of the flipbook, we signed 68 Onsites in the quarter. We have 486 active Onsites today. We've stated earlier that our goal is a lofty one, our goal is to add 275 to 300 signings this year versus the 176 we did last year. I'm pleased with the 68 because in the quarter, we had a very slow April on signings. We have our big customer show. I'm pleased to say we had in excess of 500 Onsite candidates at that show, so very good showing from our team of inviting great customer opportunities. But when you take your entire group out of commission for a week of the month, you have a weak month. And despite that, we still signed 68. So year-to-date 2 years ago, we had 30 signings. Year-to-date 2016, we had 92 signings. Year-to-date in 2017, we have 132. That's 4x our 2015 number and a 43% increase over prior year. So very good, very pleased with the trends we're seeing there. Because of the expansion of Onsites, one thing you will probably notice reading through our release is we've removed the term from our release, that term is store. We've replaced that with the term branch. A term that we would have used prior to 15 years ago we did for CSP because we thought it described our business well. And we also talked about Onsites and in-market units. Holden's better with words than I am and I like the way he's presenting the data. But it's really talking about our market presence and the fact that our branches and Onsites are an extension of our distribution network. We're not a store, we're not a retailer. We're a service organization that's part of our customers' supply chain. We signed 4,881 vending devices. Frankly, a little disappointing from my perspective. We didn't break 5,000 like we did in the first quarter. Similar to the Onsites, we saw a slowdown in April around the [shoal]. [ph] the May and June numbers snapped back nicely, and I feel really good about that. Our goal remains 22,000. That's a lofty goal similar to our Onsite goal, but that's part of our thinking big. And the final piece is we still are removing a few more machines than I'd like to see. We removed quite a few in 2016 because of our optimization process. I think that's the right move. In the first 2 quarters of this year, we still are removing some underperforming machines. Our average revenue from machines continues to improve. And but we still challenge ourselves on how to get better at the signings, the installs and identifying on day 1 that 10 is the right number versus 8, versus finding that out a year or 2 years later and reducing to 8. 8 is the right number, it's just knowing that sooner is key. And that ties back to our letter to shareholders where we talked about recognizing the facts of our business and figuring out how to improve the business going forward. National Accounts rose 13% in the second quarter versus second quarter of '16, a wonderful job of growing our business and making promises, and our branch personnel, our district personnel and our regional personnel are doing a great job of honoring those promises we've made. Finally, the CSP products that we rolled out [inaudible] product continues to grow nicely faster than the company and has brought new life to our construction business. With that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the call. So just to hit on what Dan covered on Slide 3, our total and daily sales in the second quarter were up 10.6%, that's an acceleration from up 6.2% in the first quarter. The timing of the Good Friday shift into April from March this year did cost the quarter about 50 basis points. But on the other hand, we included Mansco this quarter, which we acquired on March 31, and that added about 130 basis points. If you adjust those 2 factors, the second quarter daily sales rate was around 9.7%. Either way, growth accelerated to the quarter. And even better than that, in June, the daily sales were up 13% or up 11.6%, excluding Mansco. As Dan covered on Page 4, our growth in the quarter results significantly from customer adoption of our services and growth drivers. However, as demonstrated on Page 5 of the book, some of our improvement clearly reflects a favorable macro backdrop. The Purchasing Managers Index in the U.S., it represents 88% of our revenue, that averaged a healthy 55.8 reading. Industrial production growth was still modest in the quarter, but did speed up a bit over the prior quarter. These metrics underpin the improvement in our industrial and construction end markets in the second quarter as well as acceleration in both our fastener and non-fastener lines, as you can see from the charts in the presentation. In fact, it's difficult to identify a major market that is acting particularly poorly at this point. And the feedback that we're getting from our RVPs remains overall very favorable. Our National Accounts growth accelerated up 13.1% in the quarter with 68 of our top 100 accounts growing. And we saw similar pattern in our branches, with 62% of our locations growing in the second quarter, which is up from 58% in the first quarter and from the 54% level that we saw through much of 2016. So the market improvement that began in the first quarter solidified in the second, and momentum on our growth drivers remains healthy, so we feel pretty good about our top line entering the third quarter.  Flipping over to Slide 6. Our gross margin was 49.8% in the second quarter. That's up 30 basis points versus the second quarter last year. Again, we're pleased to point out that this breaks a significant string of consecutive annual declines in this measure. And really, the combination of product and customer mix, as well as the inclusion of Mansco in our results, that still had a 30 to 40 basis point negative impact on the number. But this quarter, that was more than offset by a basket of positive variables. For instance, we did leverage our asset-heavy parts of our business like manufacturing and freight. Our sales of private-label brands grew by 30 basis points in the mix versus last year. And efforts to put more product into the field such as the CSP initiative has improved the product decisions and sourcing of both our purchasing operation and our field personnel. None of these variables were individually particularly large, but they did combine to push our margin up for the quarter. In a nutshell, organizational factors skewed heavily in favour of gross margin in the second quarter, though none of those factors would seem to be onetime or unsustainable in nature to us. As it relates to pricing, the combination of good demand and an inflationary environment did provide the branches with some modest pricing lift in the second quarter. On a year-over-year basis, this did not meaningfully add to sales, it was only a modest contributor to gross margin. Price in excess of cost was a bit more of a factor behind the sequential improvement in gross margin, however. We expect favorable price and cost dynamics in the third quarter as well before cost begin to catch up in the fourth quarter. Our operating margin was 21.2%, up 60 basis points year-over-year. 30 basis points of this improvement relates to the gross margin increase. The other 30 basis points reflects our organization again doing a nice job leveraging total operating expenses. If I look at the employee-related costs, they were up 9.3% in the quarter. Roughly 3/4 of this increase can be attributed to Mansco's headcount as well as incentive-related expenses coming from our return to growth, such as profit sharing and even more significantly, as Dan alluded to, bonuses. Absent these impacts, we believe the subdued growth better reflects the fact that our headcount is down slightly year over year. We did add 352 new employees in the second quarter over the first quarter. And if demand remains strong, we would expect our headcount to rise. However, we're still committed to leveraging the employee-related cost line. Occupancy-related expenses were up 3.4%, reflecting the impact of 29 net branch closures, offset by growth in vending. And selling, transportation-related expenses were up 3.2%. That this line grew reflects growth in our business, while the tapering off of that growth rate from the first quarter reflects stabilization of fuel prices and easier year-over-year comparisons. It all rolled into an incremental margin in the second quarter that was at 26.4%. If you exclude Mansco, the organic incremental margin would have been 27.5%. And we view this as being consistent with past statements we've made with respect to incremental margin potential. Shifting over to Slide 7. We generated $83 million in operating cash in the second quarter, which is 55.7% of net income for the period. Bear in mind, the second quarter is typically poor for cash generation as we typically have 2 tax payments in the period. In the first half, in total, we generated $293 million, which represents 103.6% of net income, an improvement on the 98.4% that we had in the first half of 2016, primarily as a result of better earnings. Net CapEx in the second quarter was $33.7 million, down 41% due in large part to the actions of spending on vending machines related to the lease locker program that was ramping up in Q2 last year. We did increase our anticipated capital spending target for 2017 to $127 million, that's from $119 million last quarter, which reflects some investments we're opting to make on the IT and logistics side of our business. Our free cash flow for the quarter and year-to-date then was $49 million and $249 million, up a healthy 43% and 64%, respectively. In the second quarter, we spent $92.5 million in dividends. We also spent $56.7 million to repurchase 1.3 million shares of Fastenal's' stock, which closed out on our most recent authorization. We had an announcement last night noting that our board approved the company to buy back up to 5 million in additional shares at our discretion. This spending in the quarter, combined with low seasonal free cash flow, pushed our debt up to $445 million as compared to $365 million in the first quarter and $430 million in the second quarter last year. But at 18.3% of total capital, we view our balance sheet as conservatively capitalized with ample liquidity to continue to invest in our business and pay our dividend. In terms of working capital, we were comfortable with where the numbers came out. Receivables growth excluding Mansco, was up 13% in the second quarter. That it grew faster than sales really just reflects the acceleration in growth that we experienced as the quarter advanced. Inventory, excluding Mansco, was up 4.5% in the second quarter. It now reflects the ability of the field to leverage the heavy investment in branch inventory in 2016 and more energy enterprise-wide on this line. Payables, excluding Mansco, were down 12.5%. Last year's high payables reflected the aggressive inventory investment we were making for CSP 16. That's all that we have for the formal presentation. So with that, we'll turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel.
Robert McCarthy: Congratulations on a great quarter, great gross margins. So I guess the first question I'd have is maybe you just can walk through and give a little bit more complexion around the pricing environment, what you're seeing, a little maybe color around fasteners and then MRO and how you're approaching that.
Daniel Florness: Yes. So I think what we said in the past is if we continue to see demand get better and the environment remains somewhat inflationary, then a window would probably open for us to take advantage of a little bit of pricing as the market affords. And we sort of deemed the second quarter to be consistent with those themes. And so we saw the opportunity out to be a little bit more prudent with price, knowing that we were going to see costs coming down the pike in the latter half of the year and so we went forward with that. The environment remains consistent, I think, with that sort of take on it. And we would expect -- we've seen the pricing that has come into the market stick in the market at this point. I would expect that you'd probably see a little bit more incremental benefit in the third quarter before you get to the fourth quarter when some of the costs are starting to step up. I will tell you that, initially, I think that the market was more supportive on the nonfastener products. I think going forward, you'll see it become more supportive on the fastener products given what we've seen out of steel. But as I said, it's just the market opened up a little bit in the second quarter It should remain open a little in the third quarter. By the time you get into the fourth quarter, you'll probably start to see the cost move through our supply chain and begin to catch up a little bit with the -- with what the market has allowed from pricing.
Robert McCarthy: I mean, so the second question is on the oil and gas side. Maybe you could talk through with the Gulf regions, the Dakotas, what you're seeing there, maybe Canada as well, and just give us some sense of how you're thinking about ring fencing exposure as we're seeing another oil swoon and we could see a repeat of '14, '15.
Daniel Florness: Yes, I mean, I can tell you that those regions of our business that we typically associate with oil and gas, they continued through June to outgrow the business as a whole. So those regions still, certainly, the facts on the ground are favorable. And I think in terms of the tone, talking to the RVPs on those regions, the tone is still fairly encouraged as well. So that's an area that's been strengthening over the past, call it, 5 to 6 months. And I didn't, at this stage, I didn't really note any real change in sentiment from folks internally around that end market.
Robert McCarthy: Final question is just on Onsite deployment. Have you gained any incremental knowledge about how -- yes.
Holden Lewis: We try to limit it to one and maybe a related follow-on. Otherwise, we won't get to quite a few people on queue
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hi Guys, congrats on a good quarter. Just looking at those, your gross margin, it was a great quarter there. If things are pretty good on that front, how sustainable are some of the initiatives that you -- or that you called out that helped that line item? And then going forward, do you see a path back to 50% if -- especially if we get some pricing at some point down the road?
Holden Lewis: The -- I mean, so what we'll say about the gross margin is it can be hard to say quarter-to-quarter what's going to happen. I mean, the mix elements that we've called out before are still very much there. I mean, to the extent that we are successful with our Onsites and safety and things of that nature, the mix elements you called out are still there. They're not going away if we're successful with our growth drivers. If you think about the second quarter, it's not unusual for there to be a little bit of a seasonality, to keep margins flat, maybe slightly down. And frankly, I think this quarter, everything just kind of went our way. That's not necessarily the norm, if you will. So we'll just have to kind of see what Q3 and Q4 look like in that regard. But I mean, that said, I guess, there's 2 things that are working in our favor. And one is I do think in Q3, you might get a little bit of incremental contribution from price that you didn't get in Q2, again, before that begins to get worked off in Q4 from costs. But the other thing is there was really nothing unsustainable in the pieces that pushed up the gross margin, right? When you think about the shop leverage, when you think about the success that we're having with the CSP and the exclusive brands and things of that nature, there's nothing that's unsustainable in there. And so will they all move in the same direction in Q3 as they seem to in Q2? I mean, we'll have to wait and see. But we think that the fact that we have an opportunity to have a quarter like this, really reflects a lot of good things that we're doing in the field with a lot of initiatives. And we think that those things will certainly carry forward not just into the next quarter, but sort of beyond that. So that's how I'd characterize the gross margin environment.
Daniel Florness: I'll just add a piece to that, and that is a fundamental thought about how we think about the business, and I'll go back to how we started the call: Grow your sales, grow your earnings, think big. And from what you know about Fastenal for the last 50 years or actually last 30 years that we've been public, gross margin's an important part of our business because it's the -- it funds our ability to do the things we do and to grow the business. And so it's very important. For that matter, during the start of April, even tweaked away our regional leaders are paid to include a component for gross margin, dollar growth, not percentage, dollar growth, because it's about our growth drivers really center on helping us grow the business faster, knowing that some of the offshoot of that is the gross margin environment over time is challenging. So we'd look at it and say, "Where do our cost structure need to be 2 and 5 years from now?" and that's what we're obsessing about. But day-to-day, we're working on all the levers, and as Holden mentioned, those levers went in our direction. What makes me feel better about sustainability is the fact that we picked up 5 or 7 or 8 basis points from a bunch of different places and that makes it a little stickier. It's still a challenging environment, and our growth drivers are still going to have the drag on our gross margin that we've talked about for the last 1.5 years, 2 years, and that reality hasn't changed. As far as the last part where it starts with a number that I'm not going to mention out loud. Kind of like Voldemort in Harry Potter, I'm not going to mention it out loud because that's not where our head's at. Our head is at growing sales, growing earnings and thinking big.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Yes, and then just as a follow-up, I mean, you really saw a nice bump in your operating margin line. I mean a lot of it, a lot of this gross margin stuff is somewhat self-inflicted with your positioning in vending and Onsite. Would you say this quarter is kind of the start of us seeing some of that stuff finally flow through on that EBIT line where it is accretive?
Holden Lewis: Well, I think, frankly, you saw that in Q1, right? I mean, in Q1, I think there were a lot of questions around gross margin not being where everyone would have hoped that they would be. But we levered our payroll. We levered our occupancy. We didn't lever the freight within SG&A simply because the fuel costs were up as significantly as they were. And that stabilized this quarter, and this quarter we leveraged freight. So when you [inaudible] an occupancy and selling related transportation expense, that collectively is 85% to 90% of our SG&A. And we leveraged those pieces nicely in the first quarter. And we leveraged those pieces nicely in the second quarter. And one of the reasons why we're not obsessing over the fact that over a period of time our gross margins are likely to be down is because we do think that the growth initiatives that we have, they may be lower gross margin, but we think they're also inherently easier to leverage. And again, I think we saw that in Q1. I think we saw that in Q2. We have certainly emphasized to everybody within the organization that we need to continue to focus on leveraging that SG&A line. And yes, that remains a focus of ours. It's certainly not something that has just emerged this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Capital.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on the branch network. A few years ago, you guys had said there could be 3,200 or so potential locations in the U.S. Since then, vending has picked up, Onsite has picked up. You're closing a ton of stores, you're opening a few branches, I guess. Could you give us a sense of what your updated view is on how you think about the branch network here? And when do you cycle through these closures so that occupancy expenses actually start going down longer-term?
Daniel Florness: Yes, first off, on the underlying question of the 3,200 or 3,500 potential locations that we've talked about. That was always predicated on the fact that we saw a certain size of market. And that size of market changed as our product lines changed. So if you'd have been looking at that company that went public back in 1987 that was basically in selling fasteners, we looked at our market as $15 billion, maybe a $20 billion opportunity. And someday, we'd have 500 Fastenal locations across North America selling nuts and bolts. As we moved into the mid-1990s, we were expanding our product lines, we were our decentralized nature, we had a chunk of business that was outside that fastener product line. And we looked at that and said, boy, we can really be successful in the non-fastener products. The market's a lot bigger, and over time, that number grew to 1,000 potential and 2,000, and ultimately, about 3,500 locations in North America. And as I said, included U.S., Canada and Mexico. I'm not intelligent nor informed enough to give a comment on outside of North America at this time. That number is intact from the standpoint of there's this $150 billion, $160 billion market out there, and we think we can continue to enjoy an ever larger piece of that market. I think the 3,500 number is potentially overstated to our branch network, understated to our -- Holden's new term is in-market network. Because the Onsite strategy really changes that, so I believe ultimately, we go well above that number. But it's not exclusively branches. Its branches and Onsites over time, and the vending. The wildcard on your second part of the question about occupancy, we categorize both our vending platform and our FMI, which is Fastenal Managed Inventory platform as part of occupancy. That's principally whats driving to grow now. And that will continue to be the principal wildcard in there. And we're going to keep investing in growing our vending business.
Holden Lewis: The other thing I wanted to add to that is bear in mind that what you're seeing in terms of the public branches is those are really decisions that are being made in the field, right? Our people have the ability to decide if they want to open a store or a branch, then -- and there's a good economic reason to do so, then we've done some of that. If they decide that it's more prudent to close a branch either because they're pursuing other initiatives then they can decide to do that as well. But the decisions with regards to the stores at this point or the branches are really much more, much more being made in the field then they are any sort of corporate initiative, be aware of that as well.
Hamzah Mazari: Very helpful. I just have a follow-up, I'll turn it over. Just looking at your gross margins improvements that you've made around execution, could you give us a sense of where the low-hanging fruit is here? Is it private label? Is it better purchasing? Is it the supply chain? As you look longer term, is there any one bucket where there's more low-hanging fruit where you can sort of offset any mix or pricing headwinds?
Daniel Florness: The -- I think, exclusive brands is certainly one of those. Right now, I think exclusive brands is probably about 12%, 13% of our total company sales. And frankly, we think that over some period of time, that should probably approach 20%. So we think that there's significant opportunity still in exclusive brands. We've been very pleased with how CSP has played out for us. And that basically is taking product, putting it into the marketplace and making it available. Its one reason why construction is trending the way it is, and its one reason why our margins are trending the way it is. So but what those really come down to is just us managing our supply chain really well. And I think that we'll continue to find ways to do that. And absolutely, exclusive brands are going to be part of the equation. I think that we're going to do, not CSP as the same size that we did last year, but there are ongoing CSPs to continue to tweak and improve the inventory in the field, to make it available. And I think that's going to continue to improve the market, the market space as well as the margin. Those are sort of the 2 that come to mind, frankly, as being -- having tremendous opportunity going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: Yes, first question is on Onsites and the progression. So I think that the perception out there is that Onsites are massively dilutive to the overall company forever. And I'm hoping you could discuss the margin progression of the Onsites as they mature. And reason for the question, I noticed you say you have 486 open today, you're opening 68 in the current quarter. At what point does the improvement of the base start to outweigh the dilutive impact of the lower-margin relationship at the front end of the pipe?
Holden Lewis: Yes. And so with regard to the 68, just a one correction, those are signings, those aren't necessarily openings in the quarter. Once you sign one of these things up, it does -- there's a process that you need to go down before it's sort of open for business, if you will. So that's a short period and a technicality perhaps, but just to sort of clarify that. But the idea that these will be dilutive forever, we don't believe that, right? We're in the early stage of expanding the signings, expanding the openings and growing this within our revenue base. It began in 2015, it picked up speed in '16, and it is picking up further speed in '17. You're certainly right to say that when you first open these things up, they tend to be a little bit less profitable. As they age, they become somewhat more profitable. And by the way, that speed to profitability is probably faster than people give credit for. But this is a business model that today, sits in sort of the high-teens in terms of an operating margin. And as I see it, as time goes on, as the pathway to profit perhaps applies to this as it has our branches in the past, can these margins exceed where they sit today. And that's -- we're working very hard to kind of go there. But I think in terms of this sort of emerging bump, if you will, right, I mean as we have a high concentration of very new sites today, I think in 2017 and 2018, you probably have -- you probably have the fact that the initiative is so new dampening the margin, by the time you get into 2019, 2020, 2021, these -- ones you are opening today begin to age, I think they begin to work against that. And so I think you're sort of -- you're going down into the valley of this initiative in '17 and perhaps a good part of '18, but by the time you get to '19 and '20, I think there's certainly the potential for the margins to stabilize and improve on this initiative.
Daniel Florness: Dave, I'm just going to chime in on that just to think out loud for a second. We've talked about the Onsite model and the fact that operating margin-wise, it does have lower operating margins than our business today. And -- but when I look at the business and the regional businesses within Fastenal that have the greatest concentration of Onsite business within their business unit, they also have the highest operating margins in the company. Because if you look at it in a static sense, if we just plopped a bunch of Onsites in our business today and our store network is static, in short, yes, it'd be dilutive to our operating margins. Our returns would be just fine because it requires less working capital to support, but it would be dilutive. But the pathway to profit that we talked about for the last decade, it's still intact, and our store network, [inaudible] our branch network is improving everyday as the average store branch size increases. And so while it is dilutive, it's no less or no more dilutive than non-fasteners, and National Accounts have been to our business over the last 20 years. You -- the business continues to evolve. Your average location revenue continues to go up. And that's probably the strongest anti-dilutive or profit-enhancing component we have within the models, that pathway to profit's still there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: I guess, first, a clarification, Holden. I think you were mentioning earlier your price cost trends that you expect to the rest of the year. Should we read into that, that the good directional read on just the gross margin level overall that we've stepped up in the third quarter and then step down in the fourth quarter? Or you're just explaining a component of the total gross margin and there should be other things that we should keep in mind?
Holden Lewis: Yes, I'm really explaining sort of a component, if you will. Because again we would still expect the mix to be a drag. Seasonality can sort of historically suggest that Q3 margins are flat to maybe slightly down. And then we did have everything kind of move our way this quarter. And so as you move into Q3, yes, I think that there are going to be some incremental pricing that slips into Q3 before the cost catch up as you get into Q4. But how does that seasonality play out this year? Do some of these things that went our way this quarter, is it more of a balanced mix of pros and cons? It's really difficult for us to say. I don't see anything that is not sustainable over time with respect to what we're doing with the gross margin, but it's really hard for me to look at Q2 and understand the pieces with so much depth at this point to be able to give you a real, real concrete indication of where the quarter is going exactly.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Okay, good. And then could you speak to the investment plan for the second half of the year in terms of sales people and the like? It seemed that sales growth rate accelerate a good deal and the headcounts remained low for some time. And I know the local folks are going to be adding headcount as they need to. When would we really see that big inflection point? Or is there a belief that maybe we don't need to ramp up headcount all that much to sustain the higher level of activity?
Daniel Florness: I'll chime in on that for Holden's benefit. To me, the biggest component, and Holden touched on it a second when he talked about the signings of the Onsites and what that means. So those 68 Onsites we signed in the quarter, those will largely turn on in the next 3 to 4 -- 3 to 5 months. And some of the signings from the first quarter have yet to turn on. And I think it's safe to say you're probably going to see, and I hope you see this because it tells you the Onsite has taken off, you're probably going to see in the short term, 1 to 3 employees. So let's just say it's a couple. That would imply we're probably adding 150 people, 140 people just from the impact of the Onsite. The remainder will be more of a function of what our business is doing from the standpoint of growth. And the improvement we saw in the last 30 days and the underlying economy, I believe can continue to enhance the revenue on a per location basis and will potentially cause that number to be higher possibly between 200 and 300. Beyond that, I probably won't go too deep into it because a lot of it's going to depend on the needs. We manage that not centrally, we manage that locally. What we do centrally is we challenge folks with the facts. We point out our expense patterns. We point out the seasonal patterns of our business. It's really a reminder exercise. But just the fact that we have close to 70 Onsites that we'll be turning on, that's going to cause some headcount increase.
Holden Lewis: And another thing to bear in mind is we've actually added heads every month this year. It was low initially, in January, 13 heads, but in June, we added 178, right? So you're already seeing the headcount react to the trend in the marketplace and that sort of thing. And I would expect that you would continue to see that sort of thing. We have emphasized that we still need to leverage this line, and that is our intention. Bear in mind that last year at this time, when the marketplace looked significantly weaker, we were actually letting attrition work our headcount down in the back half of 2016. What you're going to be entering into in the second half of this year is you're going to be coming up against that sort of attrition in the back half of '16 even as we're adding now because of better heads. So I think that what we've been seeing is addition of heads all year. I think we'll continue to see that. But you will see the year-over-year numbers flip from negatives in the first half of this year to positives just because of the sort of the cadence of how we've treated heads over the last 1.5 years.
Daniel Florness: We're up at 9:45, and so I would just thank everybody again for your participation on today's calls or today's call. Say thank you to the Fastenal team. You put up a great quarter. And I'll close with 2 thoughts, and they really come from learning some lessons from my predecessors in this role. One is the power of having a fundamental belief in people and their ability to do great things and the value of having a business with structural advantages, and I'll keep building on those. Thanks, everybody.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Dan Florness - President and CEO Holden Lewis - CFO
Analysts: David Manthey - Baird Ryan Merkel - William Blair Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Robert McCarthy - Stifel Robert Barry - Susquehanna
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q1 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. I would like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Ms. Ellen Trester. You may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2017 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2017 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for taking time today to listen to our first quarter earnings call. You will note two meaningful changes to our method of reporting from prior quarters, and I attribute that to our CFO and our Chief Accounting Officer, really challenging the format which we convey the information. You will find a much more abbreviated earnings release document and then something new as we have a short slide deck to supplement the earnings call to help some of the talking points, I hope you find it useful. My comments are going to primarily center on the first two pages of commentary which I believe are pages 3 & 4 in the book, if youre looking at those pages. Earlier this morning, and this is typical with every quarter end. At 7 this morning, central time, I had a call with our regional leaders and our national leaders, talk a bit about the quarter, give them some insight, a little bit about what were going to cover on the call, but really just give some insight on the quarter. I want to touch on a couple of points that were mentioned in that call and will dig into the slide deck. The first one and for those of you that have covered Fastenal for any period of time, you know that we are a sales-centered organization and growth-centered organization. Thats been our D&A for 50 years and 2017 does mark our 50th year in business. The first one centers on establishing goals and hitting goals. In the first quarter of 2017, we came in at roughly 101% of goal, 100.7% is the exact number, but roughly a 101% of goal. And we hit or exceeded goal every month of the first quarter. I mentioned that because part of growth is a mindset and attitude and I think we have a great mindset and a great attitude of going forward of serving our customers at a high level and challenging each other to grow and grow every day, every month, every quarter, and so very pleased with that. The second item that I thought was noteworthy is, if you look across our 2,400 store locations, our 400 plus outside locations, look at our business in general. You always have customers that are going through different aspects in their business cycle. We might be growing handsomely with that customer because we are picking up market share. We might be growing nicely with that customer because their business is expanding or we might be contracting with that customer because their business is contracting, and that is true if every one of our stores; so in any given month, a percentage of our stores grow and a percentage of our stores dont. In the first quarter, over 60% of our stores, about 62% of our stores grew. The last time we did better than that, it was in the first quarter of 2015, and I cite that because as we transitioned from the first quarter of 2015 to the second quarter of 2015, the oil and gas market of which we had a meaningful presence collapsed in North America, collapsed globally, collapsed in North America and our business suffered as a result. So, its good to see us start participating from a store-to-store perspective in growth in a way we did before the oil and gas business dramatically slowed. Getting on to the flip book here, first item mentioned, demand gains drove daily sales growth of 6%, 6.2% annually, again, our fastest growth since the first quarter of 15, so that my earlier comments go hand in hand. Our fastener sales, which are really indicators of the economy in all honesty, have struggled ever since the second quarter of 2015, and that business grew -- returned to growth in the first quarter and that business represents over a third of our revenue, about 36% to 37%. Our non-fastener business grew at 9.5% and in the month of March grew almost 12%, so double-digit growth. So, very pleased with the trends in our business as it relates to both aspects of Fastenal fasteners and non-fasteners. Our pre-tax earnings grew 5.5%, it's the fastest rate of growth for us since the second quarter of 15. We achieved 20 basis points of operating expense leverage, and one thing about our business is, we have a tremendous amount of incentive comp, a tremendous amount of investments we make periodically in our business. In 2015, we made dramatic investments, and as the economy weakened late in the year, we pulled those investments back. In 2016, it was a lot of about riding the ship, lowering some operating expenses, improving some operating expenses to set us up into17 and 18 and beyond. I am pleased by the fact that we had 20 basis points of operating expense leverage, when you consider the fact that incentive comp, which was an historically low number in 2016 expanded nicely in the first quarter. But our incentive comp expands as our gross profit dollars and our earnings dollars grow, and so it expanded nicely, and that ate into some of it. And our profit sharing contribution that goes to our employees in general expanded nicely from Q1 to Q1. Despite those natural headwinds, we obtained operating expense leverage. Very strong cash flow, first quarter is always strong for us as it for everybody in our industry because of the absence of a large tax payment, but very pleased with it. Our capital spending is at a lower level as weve talked about on our first quarter call -- or excuse me, our January call, and we didnt have the CSP 16 investment driving our inventory increase. In fact, if you remove the acquisition we did during the quarter from December to March, our inventory essentially held flat. Speaking of acquisition, on the last year of the quarter, we closed our acquisition of Manufacturers Supply Company or Mansco. It's about a $50 million distributor, so for the next 12 months, well enjoy about an extra point of growth from this acquisition. Flipping on to our growth driver update on Page 2, some things I think are noteworthy. Weve got to a nice start on our onsite signs. We've signed 64 in the first quarter. We currently have 437 active onsite locations at a 51% increase from the 289 we had at the end of last year. And our goal remains to sign 275 to 300 onsite this year. That's a huge goal. Last year, we signed 176, which was more than doubling of the year before where we had signed 80. We also signed 5,437 vending units, a 17% increase from first quarter of last year. I didnt go back and look at in detail, but it was either the early part of 2013 or during 2012, when vending initially exploded for us from the standpoint of we really gained traction. It's probably the last time weve signed over 5,000 vending devices in the quarter, so very-very pleased with our start to the year. Our goal is to sign 22,000 to 24,000 for the year and very pleased with that. Probably the only challenge we had is, every year there is a certain number of machines that we pull out and that we pulled out some machines in the first quarter. But again very good traction as we enter the year and the sales to product to our vending machines grew double digits again. National accounts grew over 9% during the quarter. We've talked in previous quarters about sales to our top 100 customers, 64 of our top on hundred customers grew with us, so that helped our national account number. Probably the one challenge point that I see when I look at that is, if our -- if national accounts represent roughly half of our business and our business grew at 6% and national accounts grew at 9%, it means the other half our business is growing in the low single digits, 3% or so. That's a challenge and you see that challenge shine through a little bit on our gross margin. The one positive in that though is, as we exit the quarter that group of local other customers change from growing around 3% to 5.5%, so nice way to finish the quarter. And one of the things that driving that number up a bit is the CSP investment we've made last year and that group of products are growing about 10.5% in the first quarter. With that, Ill turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great, thank you and good morning. Before jumping into the quarterly results, I do want to remind the listeners that as Dan said, we closed the acquisition of Mansco on March 31st, so what this means is our first quarter income statement is not going to reflect any of Mansco's revenues or cost, but our balance sheet will include the assumed working capital and asset. So bare that in mind and well call out when necessary when were removing that information. But flipping over now to Slide 5, as Dan has covered our Slide 3, our total and daily sales in the first quarter of 2017 were up 6.2%, thats a nice acceleration from up 2.7% in the fourth quarter. We do estimate that the benefit of the shift of Good Friday from March into April this year was about 50 basis point benefit to the quarter, but regardless even adjusting for this, the first quarter was the strongest that weve seen in the last two years. And frankly thats strengthening was evidenced through the quarter with March finishing up 8.4%, now that does probably include about 100 to 150 basis points benefit from holiday timing in the month end particular, but again we just continue to see acceleration during the period. On Page 5 of the presentation, first the point is that the backdrop against which were operating, it really did continue to improve in the quarter. The Purchasing Managers' Index in the U.S. which still represents 88% of our revenue that averaged and improved to a pretty healthy reading of 57 in the period. Industrial production returned to growth with an even stronger showing from key subcomponents like primary metal, fabricated metal and machinery areas that are more pertinent to our business. And this broadening of industrial demand was reflected by the fact that as Dan alluded to the significantly greater number of our stores were actually growing in the first quarter relative to the 53% to 54% pace that had been set through 2016. This general improvement showed up in other metrics that we track. Again, our Fastenal line returned to growth, finishing up 0.8% in the quarter. Growth at our largest customers as reflected by the national accounts accelerated to be up 9% in the quarter and that included up 11.5% in March. Growth among our manufacturing customers accelerated to be up 6.4% and our construction customers also returned to solid growth being up 4% in the quarter. The tone from the regional vice presidents mirrored these improvements. here remains a great deal of enthusiasm around oil and gas, and during the quarter the outlook for the general manufacturing space and the construction space also improved even as the quarter we're on. The only laggard we could see would be manufacturing thats going into transportation markets, things like heavy duty truck, rail et cetera. But other than that, frankly on the hold customer demand strengthened and broadened throughout the quarter and we remain encouraged about the near-term trend. Now flipping over to Slide 6, our gross margin was 49.4% in the first quarter which is down 40 basis points versus the first quarter last year. Now, weve discussed before the ramifications of the relative growth in our non- Fastenal and large customer mix in the short and intermediate term, and that dynamic probably explains about 30 basis points of the declining gross margin this quarter. The remaining drag can be attributed to a couple of things. First, net freight expense remained a challenge in the first quarter. That said, I do want to know that the freight revenue actually rose on an annual basis for the first time since the first quarter of 2015. On top of that, while the freight expense is a challenge, we did see the overall expense improved in the first quarter relative to where we were in the fourth quarter and the third quarter of last year. So, again that was an impact on our gross margin, but we saw some signs in improvement there. Secondly, we did incur some cost in the period related to an inventory tracking initiatives that we have in some of our non-U.S. markets. These two things were partly offset by growth in the sales and margin of our Fastenal brands product, but collectively if you take the impacts of these latter items, they were relatively modest. And frankly if we ignore mix and just look at our Fastenal and non-Fastenal lines, margins were actually stable to slightly higher in the period. As it relates to pricing, there was not any meaningful impact from that source in the first quarter. Now, our operating margin was 20.3% in the first quarter, thats down 10 basis points on a year-over-year basis. But again given that our gross margin was down 40 basis points, frankly we believe our organization has done a really nice job leveraging operating expenses in the period. I am looking at a couple of numbers to make the point. Employee related expenses were up 3.7%. This is well below sales growth, not despite the increase in bonus comps that Dan referred to, and it's a result of our being to grow our revenues with a 1.7% decline in our FTE headcount. I know we did add almost 200 new employees in the first quarter over the fourth and frankly if demand remains strong, we would expect that headcount to keep rising. However, we are committed to be disciplined with the headcount and continuing to leverage this line. Occupancy related expenses were only up 1.2% in the quarter, that we had a 140 net store closures since the first quarter of last year and that includes 23 this quarter, and that results in the flattening of the store occupancy expense. The modest increase in cost then is mostly attributable to vending growth. The higher selling transportation related expenses were influenced by really with the 23% to 24% increase in the price of diesel and unleaded fuel in the period versus last year. The incremental margin in the first quarter was 18.5%; however, we had been able to -- weve been able to hold the gross margin steady. This would have been well north of 20%, and we continue to believe that assuming a stable growth margin we can achieve 20% to 25% incremental margins at low-to mid-single-digit growth and 25% plus incremental margins at mid-to high-single-digit growth in 2017. Flipping to Slide 7, we generated 210 million in operating cash in the first quarter. Now, first quarters are seasonally stronger as the period tax is not due into April, but by any measure this was a record for any quarter. The amount also represents a 156.8% of the quarters net income which is above last years 131.9. Better earnings contributed as is working capital, which Ill address in a moment. The net CapEx was 19.1 million and thats down 34% on lower spending on CSP 16 and DC Automation. As a result, our first quarter free cash flow was 191 million, up nearly 39%. We used the proceeds to pay 93 million in dividends. We obviously acquired Mansco and we still were able to low our debt in the period by 25 million to 365 million at the end of Q1. Our debt to total capital at the end of the quarter was 15.6%, modestly below the 16.9% a year ago and 16.8% in the fourth quarter of 16. We view our balance sheet as conservatively capitalized with ample liquidity to continue investing in our business and pay our dividend. In terms of the working capital, we are really comfortable with where the numbers came out. Receivables growth, if you exclude Mansco, was up about 6.5% in the quarter. And now, it's consistent with the growth in sales. Inventory, if you exclude Mansco, was up almost 3% in the first quarter, but it was flattish sequentially. And this reflects the absence of last years heavy CSP-related inventory investment. It also reflects though just greater productivity from our distribution center, and I think more energy enterprise-wide focusing on this line. Payables, if you exclude Mansco, were down about 19%. Last years payables reflected the aggressive inventory investment were making for CSP 16. So, we had an easy comp there. The second quarter of 2017 should have seasonally lower operating cash flow, but better earnings in the absence of CSP spending suggest good cash flow for the full year. Similarly, we continue to anticipate lower CapEx in 2017 of approximately $120 million due to less spending on the DC Automation and the leased lockers. Thats all we have for our formal presentation. And with that, well turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: First of all, Holden, I think you said that gross margin within the fasteners and the non-fasteners were each higher, but the mix was the thing that drove that 30 basis points of the gross margin degradation. Did I catch that right?
Holden Lewis: Thats correct. If you look at just fasteners and non-fasteners without considering sort of the mix of those, you had margins that were slightly higher in both cases.
David Manthey: Great. Okay. So, as it relates to gross margins, two questions here. First, Im wondering if you can help us understand the range of gross margin from sort of highest product to lowest and not to get specific on what those percentages are. But just that we understand the delta between the high and the low, and Im thinking sort of the 80/20 rule here, products you sell everyday, not manufactured or modified products, but y just sort of general products available for sale. Could you just help us understand what the difference is between the high and the low? And then the second part of the question is, you mentioned that if you can keep the gross margin flat, you can get to 25% plus contribution margin. Assuming that this mix shift is going on is pretty much of secular trend given your growth initiative. If youre able to keep gross margin flat, what would be the mechanism that would get you there that you haven't been able to achieve over the past several years?
Dan Florness: Im going to chime in and help Holden with that question just given my years. First off, David, if you've know from the prior conversations, range of margins in our business are quite dramatic, depending on -- are you selling something thats a relatively low value, a convenience pack time or something in our store that it is, I need it right now and price really doesn't matter, I just need that item to -- Im basically brokering a transaction and I am getting paid a fee for brokering and I am buying a palette of this product or something. So, I mean the ranges can be from the teens to 80%. I mean, if you really want to get crazy with it, but if you look at the bulk of our business, you really have a range that goes from probably the mid 30s to the low 60s. And our fastener product line runs in the 50s, our non-fastener products as a group run in the 40s. And that kind of gives you some semblance of it, and you can see that play out when youre looking at a lot of our competitors and where their gross margins are in relative to the products they sell. And the only wildcard I throw into that would be the fact that, in our industry we're a little bit unique in that we have one of the lowest cost structures for freight. And we all sell our product line that by and large a lot of items have relatively low value per pound. So freight becomes a big deal and as structural advantages, we have for years to come. If you look at some of the things that we have done or can do to manage to offset a piece of that mix shift. And I think its just that, well be able to offset a piece of that overtime because weve talked about our onsite strategy. And what that means, just like we talked about our vending strategy or we talked about our non-fastener strategy 10 and 20 years ago. All those things, over time lowered our gross margin and the way we offset it, one is by better sourcing, and one is by structurally challenging ourselves to lower our trucking costs, and those are things weve done very effectively over the last 20 years. Third one is continuing to grow our exclusive brand offerings. And so, its really a case of looking at it and saying, here are our branded supplier offerings and working closely with those brands to grow that business, but over time maybe narrow some of those brands. The other one is having a strategy for exclusive brands. Today in the non-fastener world, exclusive brands are about 20% of our revenue. If you were looking at that a decade ago, it was probably 10% of our revenue. And I really dont see a reason why that can't be closer to 30 at some point in time. So continuing to challenge and carve out different pieces, and you can bring the cost savings to your customer and improve your gross margin at the same time.
David Manthey: Its helpful Dan. Thank you and best of luck over the next 50 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: So Im going to follow up on Daves question. I guess, well I was sort of wondering, you mentioned that mix was a 30 basis point year-over-year headwind. So, should we assume that that continues for the rest of the year or is there something that youre thinking about that could lessen that impact?
Holden Lewis: I think given where our mix is going, I think you can look to us several years to probably have a headwind like that. I mean our growth drivers when you think about onsite and safety and vending and things like that, I mean, they lend themselves to that. So, do I think that given where were seeing our growth, that that is a reality each quarter of this year, it is. Now, as Dan alluded to, we still hope that there are some things that are going to contribute to somewhat better -- to somewhat better gross margins. Exclusive brands are something we talk about a lot. I called out the freight a little bit, because again while freight was a bit of a drag in the first quarter, there were some signs that perhaps the freight picture is getting a little bit better and hopefully as we go into Q2 and Q3, well make further strides on that to help us sort of dig into that that more structural decline if you will. So, I think the answer is, yes. The structural mix is you were certainly there, but we think that we have means by wish to dig into that, if you will and improve. Also bear in mind that, were coming into the Q1 gross margin, when we think about the decline versus the fourth quarter. Some of that reflected the fact of the fourth quarter was an extremely strong period and we went and listed a couple of things. I mean, one thing we looked at was, fourth quarter of 16 was up 40 basis points over the third quarter. If you look back historically, what fourth quarters typically do against third? So, I spotted that -- Im sorry, 50 basis points against it. If you look back historically, what Q4 typically looks like against Q3? Its been more like a 60 basis points decline. And last quarter, we called out we didnt deleverage the trucking network as much as the historically perhaps have, and we had a number of other things that were small individually, but added up they just went our way. So, I think a better way to think about the quarter -- about the first quarter number is, historically, if you look at how Q1 plays our versus the prior year Q3. We were actually up 10 basis points versus last year's Q3. And historically, were down a couple of 20 basis points or so again the proceeding five years. So, we believe that we should be able to dig more into that structural decline than we did this quarter, but we feel like were making some progress on the freight, on the EBs and things of that sort. And yes, where we dont view this as a de-gradation in our margin picture by any means. I'll just add a couple of thoughts to that. So fourth quarter -- or excuse me, third quarter we were at 49.3%. Here in the first quarter, were at 49.4%. I always look at fourth quarter is being noisy, whether it's up or down. The other thing is, if you look at our the $60 million in growth weve had in the last 12 months, 50% of that came from either onsite or vending. And so, there is a certain weighting that goes in there and we need to be executing better every day to offset the piece of that waiting. When I look at the margin in the first quarter, the only thing that I'm troubled by is, there is about 10 to 15 basis points in there that I find just personally frustrating, but, I think were executing quite a lot.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Thats helpful. So, few things go your way, your framework for 25% to 30% incremental margins at mid single-digit, high single-digit growth that still profitable for this year, but you do need to freight and you probably need mix helping you a little bit. Is that fair?
Dan Florness: Well, I mean next two quarters, our comps change quite dramatically because we still were a relative -- if you think what's going on in 2015 and near the part of the 2016. We were getting traction on the onsite model. We were correcting some, getting some traction and fixing some things and some customers were improving from the standpoint of our vending model. So, if you think the growth has been occurring in the last 12 months and how that compares to the components of our business that were there in the 12 months prior to that, Q1 of 2016 is kind of that one of those half -- last high water marks and again, every year I ignore Q4, whether its a good or bad number that settle things in fix and much of anything. So, yes, the commentary around the incremental margins is really to try to make a point that we believe from an operating expense standpoint that we deleverage of those lines, and thats despite the fact that we are -- as we grow, obviously we have that shock absorber effect coming from incentive comp and that sort of thing. But the points about the sort of the leverage, those incremental margins is, we feel that we can continue to leverage those lines and we did a nice job leveraging those lines in Q1, and we think that well continue to do a good job leveraging those lines. And yes, if the gross margins cooperate then we do have some easier gross margins to compare against in Q2 to Q3. But, if the gross margins are stable then we think that we can get the kind of incremental margins that we spoken about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham from BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: Obviously, a little bit more on this operating leverage. So, if you were to sort of sketch out, how you generate operating leverage, gross income versus your O&A expenses? Is there a way to look at this with sales, whether your sales where for it is and where the trends are going, mid to high single. Does that give you -- is that more of a gross margin thing leverage or SG&A and then sort of a higher level or lets say low to mid single? Does that switch between those two lines? Could you kind of maybe sketch out how you look at that?
Holden Lewis: So, again, the guidance that weve sort of given on that is, if we hold gross margin stable then we think that we can get those types of incremental margins, just by leveraging the SG&A as we grow. So, when we envision discussing those incremental margin levels, I mean that really talked about leveraging our SG&A more so than the gross profit. And again, we saw some good signs of that, we talked a little bit about how employment grew and occupancy grew from a cost standpoint. But if you really look at it, when we think about like sales per head for instance, that was up 10% during the quarter, right, because we grew revenues nicely on slightly lower activity. Those are sort of the keys to how we get the type of incremental margins that we hope to get, but the discussion that weve had was really wanted to address our ability to leverage our operating expenses and intending to hold gross margin flat. So, if we can achieve significant improvements in our gross margin, I think that thats additive but again thats working against the structural mix that were talking about.
Scott Graham: Yes, I guess I get that holding, but where I guess where I am confirmed on this is that, if youre putting more stuff in a box, were putting more boxes in the truck. There should be gross margin leverage on that too, right?
Holden Lewis: Well, that would be the leverage on the freight side in that year, you're having better utilization. First off, we have really excellent utilization of our trucking network to-date and so, it's not so much about you putting more boxes into a truck, it's -- those boxes youre putting into the truck. What customer are they going to? Whats the nature of the business? You know, if its a box or an item thats going to vending machine and its a safety product, it's going to have a different margin profile than if it's a box of fastener thats going to an MRO user. And so, it's really depending on what that box is destined for. The other thing to remember is as a distributor, the very large majority of the cost that runs through COGS for us is simply the cost of the product. So there maybe pieces within COGS that we can get leverage on, but at the end of the day, the very large majority of what goes through cost on COGS is going to be the cost of the product.
Scott Graham: Okay, got you. And then follow-up question essentially is on share repurchases. Is there a point in time? Is there, Im sure if you worked this carefully through an ROIC analysis and all that. Is there some type of trigger for share repurchase in 17 that you envision?
Holden Lewis: I will spend on that one. We have no trigger price as this will buyback or we wont buyback. That's a conversation we have with our Board on regular basis, we have not been in the market for some time. Historically, we have preferred to use our excess cash from the perspective of investing in the business, investing in our growth and if in case were were not drilling enough to use up all the cash generate because the cash we generate is quite attractive. History has said, the bulk of that cash, we return to our shareholders in the form of dividend and thats just the way we structurally had it overtime. Our dividend release went out last evening has a good 10-year history to give you a perspective on that. No secret anyway in this call, our stock periods and then attractive multiple. And the periods where youve seen it, weve had some periods with a multiple fell off and we took some excess cash where we took some -- we incurred some borrowings to buy back some stock. But we focus our energy -- we really focus on time and energy on growing the business long term because we think thats in the best interest of our shareholder. And in the short term, we return a fair part among the cash through a dividend. If you then recall that, I mean last year we had the leased locker program show up which is not something that so expected to begin the year and our first priority is to use our resources to be able to grow. And so we had a very nice quarter in Q1 by any measure. Q2 wont be as high and we use some of those resources to acquire great company and
Dan Florness: I'd say Q2 wont be slightly come up with cash.
Holden Lewis: In terms of the cash, correct, relative to earnings, just because of the double tax payments. But in Q1 we use the resources to buy great company and as a result our leverage is based in the same area that it has been for some time, and at this point we prefer to kind of look for other opportunities internally to spend -- to spend our resources on and like we did last year you never know when theyre going to come up. So that remains a priority and what we are looking for.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel.
Robert McCarthy: Holden, just one housekeeping item, which I am holding, I think we discussed, but just on Page 10 of your well-applauded new slide deck, you have the new benchmark out and just to remind, I think myself and investors, this is a new benchmark, the one you've published, right, that's going to be taking into account the five year average from 12 to 16 as opposed from a 11 to 15. Is that correct?
Holden Lewis: Thats correct and last years documents, we had two benchmarks that we were referring to. One was sort of our historic way of looking at it, which looked at most years from 1998 and then other one was sort of the five year average that last year would have included 2011 to 2015. As the calendar rolls forward so did our five year average into 2012 to 2016, and thats where we are focusing on now for a benchmark.
Robert McCarthy: Perfect. Okay. Just want to make sure people saw that. Now just in terms of on the fastener side of the house, whats your expectation for could you review and I do apologize, if you already kind of walk through this. Your expectations for what you saw for price in the quarter in terms of growth and then what are your expectations for the balance of year in terms of what we can see in place on the fastener side of the house?
Holden Lewis: Right. So, pricing was not a meaningful factor in the quarter. Price is something that we just continue to review at this point. Now, we obviously have seen some of our competitors take price increases. Many of them have talked about it publicly. We've seen charts where prices for metals are clearly up. So, its hard to conclude anything other than the environment today is certainly more inflationary, that has been quite some time. But that said, Fastenal has the advantage of being a FIFO company with a pretty long supply chain for fasteners and that means it takes a while for cost to hit our COGS. And that gives us the ability to evaluate how durable the marketplace is for pricing, and if you remember last year there was a time or two where we thought pricing could occur and then it wound up not materializing for probably demand reasons. And so, its nice to be able to get that sort of look, if you will. I think the real question at this point is, if the marketplace in fact does look like its going to be willing to accept pricing, is that something that we believe, we can get to protect our margins and protect our place in the market. And the answer is that, we think that we can, but we do have some time to evaluate at this point.
Robert McCarthy: I mean just looking at the math whether be any way to those price actions say the inflation did well attractive in this context for the balance of the year. Do you think, you could overcome the mix headwind in the gross margins? Will that math work or not?
Holden Lewis: Oh, in the short-term? Yes, surely.
Robert McCarthy: Yes. So, there is not used that for that to occur?
Holden Lewis: Yes. But keep in mind our inventory turns twice the year roughly. So, I mean, it would be -- it'd be short-lived event.
Robert McCarthy: And then the last question because I know you want to move onto others on the call. Could you just talk about perhaps March in terms of your expectations kind of exiting February, taking into account the Easter shift, how you feel about the months? And how you feel about kind of the prospects exiting the months?
Holden Lewis: We felt better and better I think as the quarter we're on.
Dan Florness: And the months.
Holden Lewis: Yes and the months were on. When I think about the feedback that were getting from our regional Vice President about their marketplace, we talk about how -- in December we started to getting some pretty story that on the oil and gas business that were translating on the ground, but by the time youve got to February, youre starting to see the oil and gas business really sort of pick-up again and showing itself in results. And frankly through March are continued to be case, I think they remain enthusiasm from that area. But what we began to see began to gain some real excitement as we based in February and then into March was the manufacturing site. And frankly the construction side, theyre seems have been a consensus that is come together through March from our regional that construction is doing much better and I think you can see some of that in the growth of the CSP products, I mean the fact they grew 10% plus in the quarter, I think some construction as well. So even as recently in December, the marketplace didnt feel that great, but as we proceeded through the quarter and through the month of March. There was clear progress and improvement in the tender of the marketplace.
Robert McCarthy: Was there re-budgeted into the Easter shift during the April? I mean, how should we think about, it more than, Rob, 200 basis points in March or is that actually more favorable March rather? Would we expect further deceleration in April?
Holden Lewis: In quarter, the shift costs us about 50 basis points. In March, they cost us about a 150. Its probably around 5 -- it's probably around third of the day, if you think about it Rob, historically. So, it gave us probably not $5 million lift in March and you probably get it back in April.
Dan Florness: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna.
Robert Barry: Thanks for all the nice earnings day materials. I wanted to follow up on this op margin -- sorry op leverage outlook. You keep referring to stable gross margin, but just given where the growth is coming from and it also sounds like were going to continue seeing some gross margin pressure here for a little while. So, is the bottom-line it for now op leverage is likely to be more in high-teens level or maybe even a little lower given the headcount is started to grow?
Holden Lewis: Yes. I mean, again, the motivation was just to emphasize the degree of which we think we can leverage operating expenses, right. Thats why we talk about it with the presumption that we hold gross margins stable. Now, as Dan alluded to, gross margins are much higher in Q1 than they'll be in Q2, Q3, so well see what happens there. But, we remain committed to be able to achieve the leverage of the operating expenses. And were going to just keep you at work to try to dig into the structural decline in the gross margin that you start with. And we certainly had that conversation with our regionals and our folks. So, I think that there were some early signs that would in the freight side that maybe there is some progress there. So, were just going to have to keep working on improving the gross margin metric. But we do anticipate getting the leverage. With regards to the headcount, we would expect that to move up as demand goes up and also as we continue to accelerate our onsite timings. We onsite signing take some folks in the store and we would like to backfill those and really get a lot of energy in that store to keep growing from the new base. And so as growth in our growth drivers continue to move up than we would expect to add head. But again, we saw some good productivity in Q1, and were not just looking to give that productivity up. We got to do something to support our growth, but were not looking to begin to dilute that productivity by adding heads too quickly.
Robert Barry: Got you. I mean I dont want to beat the dead horse here, but just to connect to dot. I mean it sounds like if gross margin is stable you can lever in the 20s. If gross margin continue to move down then were probably levering in the teens. Is that fair?
Holden Lewis: A couple of things I'll throw in -- in terms of what your top line growth assessment is. In the previous call, we've said south of 6% to 7% is difficult with the cost components we had coming out of 2015 and then through the first part of 2016. But that picture improves and lowers it some, and that's why you saw our ability to grow our operating expenses roughly 5.5%. And if you think what that, you have to take a look at what drove the operating expense increase when you look at Q1-to-Q1. I often try to pull things into some buckets so I can think about it easier. 25% to 30% of that increase is incentive comp whether it's in the commissioning in a store of bonus paid to some of the outside the store, the profit sharing contribution, so things that are expanding as a profit growth improves. Thats really what drives our labor cost to increase right now, it's not so much what headcount because the headcount you're adding typically and it appear this a lot of it is more on the entry level side so you could manage through that. If you think what's the next biggest group of cost that drove our expense up. Weve been -- it's no secretly that weve been increasing our IT spend over a number of years. We have some pieces that are turning on actually this quarter that will help out of store or our onsite model quite meaningfully. Were turning out our new website in Canada. So the things that were turning on that are spiteful investments, those investments weve been making and have been won through our P&L and the other component and I think that second bucket that was a jump from last year was the few of that Holder talked about. Its a big increase in our cost component, that piece of it normalize than Q2, because last year from Q1 to Q2 fuel prices jumped up dramatically, so we'll left that in Q2, but we haven't left in Q1. The final driver of increases is the continued success that were seeing in vending. When we add those vending there is an expense that shows up in our occupancy around the cost of the equipment. So those things are really what driving it and outside of that, managing the expense really-really quite well. And so, it puts us in a position when we go into the later part of the year, I believe that well be able to be more optimistic.
Dan Florness: Thanks everybody, its 45, 46 minutes past the hour. Thank you for your interest in Fastenal. Ill close to where I started. I am pleased quite frankly with the quarter from the standpoint of the business is executing better, our end markets have given us some lift or given ourselves some lift. Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Dan Florness - President and Chief Executive Officer Holden Lewis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Andrew Buscaglia - Credit Suisse Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Ryan Merkel - William Blair Robert McCarthy - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference call, Ms. Ellen Trester. You may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2016 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2017 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining our call today. And I'll start by just Apologizing for the state of my voice on today's call. I am recovering from a bit of a cold, so I'll try to speak clearly. My comments this morning will be relatively brief. I just want to touch on five points. First off we had an upbeat finish to a tough year. Secondly, I believe we've changed the trends of our business. Third, I believe we've improved the health of our business. The fourth and fifth arent comments so much on 2016, but I think they are comments that we should always remind ourselves of, one is we have great people close to the customer and we have great people behind the scenes to support our local business. Both are structurally important components to the success of our business today historically and I believe going forward. In regards to the upbeat finish our sales trends and our gross profit stabilized and/or improved depending on if you look at that in comparison to Q3 or comparison to Q4 of a year ago and we grew our earnings. For a new CEO you can appreciate the importance that comes with having a release that doesnt have some either parenthesis or dashes in front of a number or two after we've come through quite frankly a pretty tough 2015 and 2016 period. Secondly, our trends have improved in both, in the last several years, primarily 2014 and 2015 we had significantly added people cost to our organization as we grew our headcount primarily at the store, but throughout the organization. These costs, when I look at the trends that come with it had about peaked in the second quarter of 2016 and as we have gone through the year those costs helped cycle down a bit and I believe we are poised quite well to manage that expense as we go into the new year. We also have added occupancy costs quite dramatically in the last several years. A piece of it relates to our vending platform, a piece of it relates to the automation we put into our distribution centers and a piece of it relates to our store network. There is always some built in inflation in the store network and our job everyday is to manage that well, but whether it might be property taxes or some other or some CAM charges or some inflation in the lease we have to be very mindful of how we manage that in the long term, especially as the business is evolving. And again, similar to the people cost, I believe we exit the year in a much better spot, but we still have some work ahead of us on the occupancy side of the equation, because we want to plan for and allow for growth there that comes from continued expansion of our vending platform. In regards to the business health, we upgraded around 2100 stores to our CSP 16 format and while we havent talked about a lot on our calls, that's a tremendous undertaking when you look at our store based business and this 2100 upgrade was primarily in our U.S. based business. We have some upgrades for our Canadian business as we enter 2017. We also upgraded  excuse me, upgraded or optimized if you will, over 50,000 vending machines and that's more about improving our cost to serve than that is about our revenue enhance. So there is some revenue improvements because of it. So we had rapidly rolled out those 50,000 plus machines over the last five years. And in 2016 we took the opportunity to go and visit each and every machine and to challenge how we could be more efficient with that machine and I believe that improves the health of that vending business and improves our ability to serve and grow the business in the future. We also changed our mindset over the last several years as it relates to onsite. We've been  our first onsite occurred in 1992 and at the end of 2014 we had around 200 onsites that we've slowly grown in our business. If I think of 2014 just under 5% of our district leaders and we have today roughly 255 district managers across the company. Just under 5% of them signed in onsite, we signed, I dont know the exact number it was around 14 onsites that year. In 2015 we took a big step forward and around 25% of our district leaders signed in onsites that year and we signed around 80 onsites. In 2016 Fastenal has a hallmark of finding great people, challenging them to be successful but not micromanaging. In 2016 over 50%, I believe 54 is the exact number, but over 50% of our district leaders had an onsite signed in their business and that translated into 176 signings during the year. Our goal going into 2017 is quite simple. The key to moving that participation up and for 80% of our district managers, our district leaders to have an onsite signed in their districts. If we are able to accomplish that we believe we could sign somewhere between 275 and 300 onsites. We believe that's an achievable number from a signing perspective. It is an absorbable number from an execution standpoint because very much of the work is spread across 255 business units, 2600 stores, not concentrated in one small support group, so we're very excited about that. And we also believe with the CSP 16 in place the team that helped roll that out is there to also help with the implementation of our onsite, so we believe we're  we have improved our capacity to implement. Finally we talked about, oh, excuse me, fourth, we talked about great people closer to the customer. 75% of our employees know our customers on a first name basis and yet we have a very efficient cost structure. I dont believe any other nationwide distributor can lay claim to that and we're proud of that fact. Finally, the team behind the scenes, our team is strong. We are wired for change and will [indiscernible] all of these things help us serve our customer well. I'll close with one thought, we believe in our people, we challenge each other to improve and we challenge each other to grow each day. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Holden, but before Holden starts in I just want to, so this is Holden's second earnings call. Many of you know Holden Lewis from his previous career as a sell side analyst. He has covered us for quite a few years. We knew Holden well. We're not quick to bring in somebody from the outside into our organization in this senior of a role, but we've really liked Holden's ability we felt to culturally fit with us and the fact that he could bring a new set of eyes, a new [critique] [ph] and a tremendous skill set to our organization. So with that, I'll turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: All right thank you Dan and good morning and thanks for joining the Fastenal's fourth quarter call. I'm going to begin with a quick recap of our full year 2016 results and then I'll move on to a discussion of the quarterly performance. So, in 2016 Fastenal generated $3.96 billion in sales, that's up 2.4% from 2015. We did have an extra day in the year, so on a day's basis we were up about 2%. I'm not going to belabor the tough conditions that persisted through the year and I feel like that's well understood by you, but I would like to highlight some of the drivers that allowed us to grow despite it. First, on vending, we finished 2016 with 62,822 machines, that's about up 7300 units or 13% over 2015. So at this point 46.1% of our sales now go to customers that use vending. So it is a fairly well represented in the field. Revenues to our machines increased by more than 10% in the fourth quarter. Signings of 18,059 machines were up 1% year-over-year. Note that these figures exclude the nearly 15,000 units that we installed related to our leased locker program. Despite all those successes, vending did not quite reach the goals we'd set for it in 2016, but note that signings were a three year high and we think that with the distractions related to our optimization efforts and the leased locker initiative now past us, we're targeting more than 20,000 signings in 2017. Secondly on our onsites we signed 176 new agreements in 2016 a little shy of our goal of 200, but substantially above the 80 that we signed last year and this frankly contributed to driving sales through these sites up at a better than 25% rate for the year. We're gaining momentum here and we are targeting 275 to 300 signings in 2017. With respect to national accounts, we signed 190 new agreements that's up 14% from 2015. Even with softness among our largest 100 customers these signings contributed to our total national accounts revenues being up by a bit more than 4% on the year, we still see significant opportunity with new and existing customers and even with national accounts now being about 47% of our total sales. Lastly, the SKUs related to our CSP 16 initiative, they also grew at a little bit better than a 4% rate in 2016 and so we feel good overall about the strides that we're making in our growth drivers, we remain convinced of their effectiveness in driving share gains and we look forward to further progress in 2017. Margins in 2016 were a challenge. Our gross margins finished the year at 49.6% that's down 80 basis points which is primarily from mix and pressure on product margins, the latter being particularly early in the year. Our operating margins finished 2016 at 20.1 and that was down about 130 basis points. In addition to the gross margin decline, occupancy was up as we continued to invest in our vending initiative. We are likely to remain challenged by mix and vending related occupancy, but some of the product pressures that we experienced in the first half of this year have eased at this point. We've been tighter with cost in the second half of 2016 and some of the minor expenses for things like store closures or CSP 16 rollout hopefully dont recur. So as a result we think we're better equipped to defend our margin in a slow growth environment. We'll even expand it if growth accelerates from here than with the case in 2016. Our interest expense on the year roughly doubled while our average share count was down 1%. Both those fact reflect our share buyback activity over the last eight quarters. Our tax rate was down from 37.5% to 36.8% in the year which really just was some jurisdictional shifts as well as the resolution of certain state tax matters. It all blended into a 2016 EPS figure of $1.73 which was down about 2.3% for the year. Now moving on to the fourth quarter results. Total and daily sales in the fourth quarter were up 2.7%, that's a modest acceleration from the prior nine months. We can't ignore the easier comparison relative to last year's fourth quarter when our daily sales rates was actually down 2%. Still the December daily sales were up 3.2% and that was likely understated because of holiday timing. So in contrast to a poor November, frankly we consider December to have been as expected. Now the details of the quarter remained a bit of a mixed bag. Growth from our top 100 accounts remained flattish on weakness among general industrial companies. The proportion of stores and national accounts that were growing in the fourth quarter was largely unchanged from the third quarter and construction fasteners actually weakened in the period. So in the end, growth of 1.6% in North America really wasnt much changed from the prior period. On the other hand it is notable that heavy manufacturing was up 2.3% in the fourth quarter. That's the first time that's been up since the second quarter 2015. Similarly OEM fasteners were weak but the down 2.8% was also the narrowest decline we've seen since the second quarter of 2015. Further, I would note that there is a more favorable tone surrounding process industries as we enter 2017. We are going to continue to assume the sluggish business conditions that have prevailed through 2016 are going to continue into 2017, but there does remain and there remains a great deal of uncertainty on a number of fronts, but that said, the environment has become more optimistic. Our gross margin was 49.8% in the fourth quarter, that's down 10 basis points versus the prior year, but it is up 50 basis points against the third quarter. With respect to the year-over-year change, mix continues to weigh as the fasteners fell 180 basis points to now represent 35.6% of our sales. Given this we view the stability in the period favorably. There was no single meaningful offset, rather there was small improvements in areas like purchase discounts and freight that benefited the quarter relative to the prior year. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we were pleased to see the marginal rebound from the third quarter 2016. Similar to the annual results this is less than a single item than it is from the accumulation of many small but favorable improvements including better margins on non fasteners or higher mix of exclusive brands building revenue associated with our lease locker program, better purchasing on the other variables like that. A lot of these things worked in our favor at the gross margin in the fourth quarter, but there is nothing in this improvement that strikes us as one time or temporary in nature and at this point we would characterize the margin environment as stable. Our operating margin was 19.3% in the fourth quarter also down 10 basis points on a year-over-year basis. SG&A as a percentage of sales was unchanged at 30.6% of revenues. Payroll which is 65% to 70% of our SG&A was down 30 basis points as a percentage of sales persistently sluggish demands had two effects here. First, they continued to temper the incentive pay in the fourth quarter. Second, we spent much of 2016 letting attrition unwind the raise staffing we experienced in 2015. We finished 2016 with headcount being down 5.4% were down 4.1% on an FTE basis. These variables more than offset the effect of higher health insurance costs. Occupancy which is 15% to 20% of total SG&A was up 30 basis points as a percentage of sales. Vending was the primary catalyst behind this. We dont expect that dynamics to change in 2017. We did expect efforts to rationalize our store base in the second half of 2016 will provide a larger benefit and wound up being the case and thats going to be a point of emphasis to our company in 2017. In 2016 we trimmed staffing in stores, we invested in growth drivers and technology and used our balance sheet to invest strategically in inventory. We like where our cost structure shift is as we exit the fourth quarter. We're going to continue to invest in our growth drivers, but given the investments and rationalizations already made we believe that with the lower fastener growth we can leverage the income statement 2017. Finally, we generated $133 million in operating cash in the fourth quarter that's down 8.5% versus last year. It also represents 116% of the quarter's net income which is below last year. This decline year-over-year reflects three things. First, in the fourth quarter 2016 we took advantage of favorable year end buys. Second, variables were much higher in the fourth quarter of 2015 related to adding CSP 16 inventory in that period and then third, our receivables fell at a faster rate in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to the relatively sharper pull back in demand in that period. These factors all served to inflate the cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2015 relative to fourth quarter 2016. That said, we generated free cash flow after dividends of $18.5 million. Our capital expenditures are down 23% year-over-year and down 63% sequentially as we wind up the rollout of our lease locker program. As a result we've reduced our net debt by roughly $21 million and retained flexible, leverage of net debt being 12.5% of total capital. We expect cash generation to be improved and free cash flow after dividends to be positive in 2017. We don't anticipate a CSP program of the sort that we had in 16 and we expect capital spending to come in around $120 million. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, good morning.
Dan Florness: Hey Rob, good morning.
Robert Barry: So I guess the broader question is just to provide a little bit more color about what you're seeing in some of the key end markets in particular heavy and light manufacturing in oil and gas, but also more specifically, I noticed you updated the monthly sequentials and I think if you plug those into the model it implies 1Q growth would be just over 5%. I know that's not meant as an outlook, but is that how you're thinking that growth could track in 1Q?
Holden Lewis: Sure. So, to address your second question first. We all know how the math works. Yes, we've updated the sequentials. As we go into 2017 we're going to begin discussing those sequential rates of change in terms of the prior five year averages as opposed to what we've done historically with 98 going from 1998 forward. So the numbers are what the numbers are. I'll let you plug them in and kind of figure out where it is, but I think that you're on the right track in terms of how that should fall out given those sequential rates to change. On the second question, where we saw the most encouraging signs I would say would have been in the process industries and we go about this a couple of ways. We listen to our Regional Vice Presidents and what they're seeing in the marketplace and then we look at our top 100 accounts to get a sense of which areas are doing well, which ones are not and what I would tell you is, the general industrial companies on our lists, they're still challenged. That's been the case most of the year and I'm not sure that I saw or have heard any meaningful difference in the fourth quarter as it relates to general industrial firms. As it relates to the process industries, I would tell you that a lot of those including oil and gas looked better among our top 100 and then if you sort of listen to some of our RVPs talk about energy there definitely is more of an enthusiasm and some more encouraging facts on the ground in those regions that are heavier in oil and gas. So what I would tell you is, I don't feel like the fourth quarter felt a lot different in a lot of places than what we saw in the third quarter, but the notable exception would have been in those process industries and that oil and gas space. As you know, we were surprised by how impactful the decline in oil and gas was to us when it began to head south couple years ago. We would consider it a positive if in fact oil and gas had some legs and did better from here, but we'll see how that plays out.
Robert Barry: Right, right. Maybe just for my second question just on the gross margin, nice sequential rise, you listed a number of reasons for the improvement, but one of them was not price and I was just wondering if you can comment on what's happening in the pricing environment and in particular given we've started to see some inflation and in fact, I think we've seen inflation for several quarters now, how do you feel about the ability to start getting price, especially if some of these end markets are still a little sluggish?
Holden Lewis: Sure. We've seen the same thing that you have with respect to commodity prices. I would tell you that those increases are relatively new. We've seen it happen before, only to sort of retrace if you will. So I think it's probably premature to be saying that we have clearly entered a re-flation period, if you will, but that said, we're watching it and we believe that if, if those raw material increases prove to be durable we believe that as we have in the past, we will be able to pass that through, through price increases. Yes, we don't have any reason at this point to think that that would not be a part of the equation. However, we have not at this point taken significant strides to begin that process yet.
Robert Barry: Yes, I mean how much of a lag historically would there be, like several quarters or how do you think about...
Dan Florness: Hey Rob, yes. I'm going to chime in so we can keep going through the roster - your questions, sorry.
Robert Barry: Okay. Yes, of course, sorry. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, can you and can you touch on, it sounds like, you didnt have a ton of commentary, I guess in the press release or your prepared remarks just on trends improving. Can you comment maybe what you're seeing through January and just it sounds like December was a little bit muddled with timing and stuff like that, but just any recent update would be great?
Dan Florness: I'm going to just interject one thing and then I'll shut up and let Holden talk. In regards to January we've learned over the years there are certain places you don't go because invariably what we talk about we're always wrong and the question is how wrong. So I'll stop Holden before he starts [indiscernible]. With that, I'll let Holden have his say.
Holden Lewis: Yes, I don't think there's a whole lot to add. We're not going to comment on January. I mean we put out the sequential rate of change that we're sort of looking at and beyond that, we're not going to go there, but I'll just reiterate again, fourth quarter was a lot richer on optimism than it was real progress. But you have to, we listen to the people in the field, we look at the same data that you guys tend to look at, and it's, it hopefully will translate into better results as we go through 2017. But I'll just leave it as in fourth quarter, general industrial companies were still fairly slow and if there was a favourable inflection it is in the process of the oil and gas industries and that's very early, so lets see how that plays out and I don't think that I noted anything that inflected negatively.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it and then just switching on to the gross margins. Some of the things you had been experiencing with regards to customer negative customer mix, product mix, how are you feeling about gross margins in 2017 versus 2016 just relative to some of those sort of longer term headwinds we have been experiencing?
Dan Florness : If you think of the growth drivers we've talked about for a number of years and again growth drivers are, I just want to caution, our sales plan at the local level is what drives our business. The growth drivers that we talk about serves as the means to the end of how you serve your customer. The impact of, we had, I believe we had a very successful year taking some first steps, steps that started one and two years ago of expanding our onsite presence, all those things continue a pattern that's been in place for 20 years and that is our mix of customers are continually changing. Our product mix continues to move a bit away from fasteners. Perhaps we can slow that down a little bit if there is some recovery that helps our fastener business in calendar 2017, but the underlying long term pattern is still what it is. And what we need to be smart about every day is identifying those pieces we can grab on to and make a little better  a decade ago a piece we grabbed onto was freight. In the last five to seven years a piece we've grabbed on to is our exclusive brands, our private labels and making sure we have a great strategy to support our supplier base and our product mix in serving our customers. And, but the underlying trends are still there. We just need to defend the position every day and I think we gained some footing on that as we went through 2016. It was still a tough year to go through 2015 and 2016 I should say, because the trend has been going on for several years.
Andrew Buscaglia: Right, okay, alright. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie.
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. Thank you. Just had a big - I just had a big picture question around the store network. How should we be thinking about the store network longer term given the aggressive push on onsite? Does onsite cannibalize any other store revenues? Just any color on that piece. And then you talked about participation rate going up with district managers on onsite, but could you give some color on the sales cycle as well, does it take a year or six months, any color around the onsite business would be helpful?
Holden Lewis: Sure. Probably the best way to think about the big picture from a store network standpoint is, is over the last 20 years we've been quietly growing onsite in some of our Mid-Western business units. So last week I was in Southern Wisconsin, all of our general managers were in and in that discussion one of the things that stands out when I think of our business in Wisconsin and Illinois, over a third of our revenue in that business unit above 35% comes through the onsite type of strategy where we've been incredibly successful over time and developing our business in a broader fashion. But if I think of that business over the last 20 years we continued to open stores. We continued to grow our footprint and some of that, stem from the fact that we had things going on. We had non-fasteners growing in our business. So lot of markets that traditionally werent viable became viable. In more recent years we made improvements from the vending side of the equation, but we believe long term it's a huge market out there number one, and we espouse that often. We're not wed to one strategy, we're wed to getting close to our customer where it economically works in providing them a level of service that our competitors either can't or are unwilling to do and we believe it's a compliment of both. Only time will tell if structurally the fact patterns of our industry change and it prompts our ultimate store count to go up or go down, but the market is still there and we need to, of all to serve that market, but history has shown they're very complementary to each other onsite and store. In relation to onsite, it's typically a multi-year endeavour. Part of it is us getting, it's like anything it's incremental. So, we move, when we move in if you will, in the case for an onsite, it depends sometimes on the product lines we're starting with. It might move faster if we're moving in with an OEM relationship or a broad bending platform relationship. It might move a little slower if it's a broader mix of products and we're picking up particular commodities as we go along. I believe it's probably in many cases two to four year endeavour to get in deeper, maybe it's one to five, but it takes time and that's one of the points that we stressed earlier in the year as we want to build momentum back into our business and getting traction to the onsite is a big piece of that.
Holden Lewis: Hamzah, you also asked something about cannibalization and in fact we do generally speaking take some sales out of the store and that becomes the seed revenue for that onsite and what we find is that inside of 12 to 24 months that seed revenue has grown dramatically from its original number. As it relates to the store, our expectation generally is that that store, which now note doesn't have to provide a disproportionate service to a single customer can sort of have, it's sort of selling energy reinvigorated and then they can go out and from a bit of the lower base begin to grow that business again. And we've sort of all through the compensation with the onsite business to make it neutral from that standpoint, but the expectation is that the store, sort of no longer responsible for that piece of revenue will go on to find new active accounts and just begin to grow that business again from that new level.
Dan Florness: One additional piece in when I think of the cannibalization that comment would have been true of store openings for the last 30 years as well and so onsite isnt new piece of the equation. Really what we're doing and I think Holden described it best, we're taking some seed dollars where we have a great relationship and we're going after business that historically, our store network wound not go after because it wasn't geared to service that business given the profile of the gross margin in that business and we need to structurally change our cost components to go after that business.
Hamzah Mazari: That's very helpful color, I appreciate it. Just a followup and I'll turn it over. How much of your cost of goods sold is foreign sourcing? A competitor of yours mentioned, there is just 15%, just trying to get a sense of what you guys are on at? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: So what we have said is that we think that 40% to 45% of our COGS are probably derived from overseas. I don't know what the competitor, how he is defining the number. I will tell you that of that 40% to 45% not all of that is directly sourced, obviously have a significant operation with passcode that directly sources product, but that does not rise to near the level of 40% to 45%. So the number that we use includes not only the directly sourced, but also that product that we may buy domestically, but ultimately is sourced from an overseas customer. But we talk about it in terms of 40% to 45% of our COGS and that's, that's kind of how we've discussed it.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. It makes sense. Thank you.
Dan Florness: I'll add on one piece there as well. The fastener production moved offshore of North America. So, Fastener on in 2017 we're celebrating our 50th year in business largely the trends within fasteners were moving offshore well became we even became a company and a lot of that was driven by the automotive sector back in the late '50s and early '60s. So our percentage is a little bit higher because of the Fastener concentration in our business. With that said, our concentration wont be any different than any of our peers in the industry given some of the product mix. And so I see us as being in a similar boat if you will, with everybody else with a lower cost structure in our underlying business.
Hamzah Mazari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: Hey thanks. Good morning guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Holden Lewis: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So first Holden, you said with a little faster growth you could leverage the income statement in 2017. So two questions, what level of sales growth do you think they need to see SG&A leverage and then secondly is SG&A growing half the rate of sales a reasonable goal in 2017?
Holden Lewis: So I don't think that our original guidance was changed. I think we said that at sort of low to mid-type of revenue growth that we will look to sustain the margin and if we can get mid to high-type of growth we can expand it. I still think that that is, generally speaking, where we see the model. In terms of the rate of growth of SG&A, bear in mind that if we do in fact get better growth then we would expect to see our incentive comp go up. We're going to continue to invest in vending. And so, we have talked about achieving 20% to 25% type incremental in sort of a low to mid-type single-digit growth environment and maybe 25% to 30% type incrementals, if you get to mid to high sort of where we were I think in the third quarter and we haven't seen anything that sort of changes that.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect . Got it, okay. And then second back to the onsites how are the installations you've done working and how much did onsite add to growth in 2016, if you have that number handy, because I think you were hoping for maybe 300, 400 basis points to grow from onsite this year?
Holden Lewis: The onsites grew as a category about 25% for the year.
Dan Florness: That's including the transferred, came like dollars.
Holden Lewis: Correct. Yes, thats the challenge. Right, so were up 120.
Dan Florness: Let me, Ryan why dont we talk about the specific numbers offline. We have them, but I'm not going to do the math on this forum. So when we touch base on it offline.
Ryan Merkel: No worries. But just you've sign up a lot of onsites, are they working as you expected out of stores starting to add new active accounts with the freed up selling energy.
Dan Florness: Yes, I'll answer that from the standpoint, we took a deep dive look at the onsites that had been turned on and had sufficient history and for us sufficient history meant they had to be operating at least nine months. And so we looked at that to see whats happening in that group and we liked what we saw and we weren't surprised by what we saw. We saw a group of accounts and the numbers that we really analyzed it was just over 50 of our onsites that have been operating long after we could really get a feel for it. And the trends were solid and it wasn't driven by a few that were pulling it up or pulling it down and which is good to see. It was a good performance generally speaking across the group. We saw that the gross margin of the store thats spawned, I dont know if that's the right word, but that on the onsite business their gross margin went up post separating the business, which is what we would expect because typically you're taking a larger customer you might be at 10 to 20, $30,000 month customer and youre extracting it from $100 to $120, $150 store and the remaining business actually have slightly higher gross margin. So we saw that as we expected, we saw that business with , with a little bit with a lower gross margin than our average onsite, but that is very typical, because often times when you are stepping into a new onsite you are stepping into products that you might be not sourcing half mil yet. You might not truly understand some of the products from the standpoint of I think is back to that optimal sourcing component. You might have product where you know the optimal source, but you're going to get the product in for three, four, five, six months, and so you have some lower margin sales that are going out. You might have some product that the customer had a meaningful supply on and you dont pick up that business for a period of time. But when I look at those onsites that we've studied again we were pleased with the results and we're surprised by the results. I suspect when Holden runs his numbers he is going to find a low single digit probably of one to two kind of number given the fact that so, much of our business was ramping up in the latter half of the year, but I'll hand it back to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Yes, so the incremental revenues through onsite would have increased our revenue, probably a little bit over 3% for the year, do you remember that does include some cannibalization. That would take that down a little bit, that's a total number, but the onsite revenue did in fact contribute a little more than 3% of our growth.
Dan Florness: I would suspect it would probably cut it by a third to half.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, okay. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, everybody.
Dan Florness: Hi Rob.
Robert McCarthy: Just following up on a couple issues, I suppose first, just maybe Holden you could talk about the process industries and oil and gas and maybe give us some sense of what you think the exposure is, just maybe walk us through the number of stores in the right regions, give us a sense beyond kind of the SIC codes of how big the overall exposure could be to your network for sales?
Holden Lewis: Yes. So the direct impact is fairly light; I think we've talked about sort of low, mid-single digit direct impact from the oil and gas industry. So you're right to say that the impact is really more indirect. I'm not sure that we've really sort of come down exactly on a sort of a number we think it is. It clearly does matter and Dan can give more historical perspective, in terms of what the full-year impact is. But bear in mind that where that full year impact comes from companies like Flowserve or Wear Group that are not oil and gas companies, if you will. They are pump companies or engineering companies, but they have significant exposure to the oil and gas within their overall customer mix, that's where our exposure comes from. So there is a challenge in figuring out the full exposure comes from that fact. Dan, do you know kind of what our little full year indirect impact might be?
Dan Florness: I don't, in the past I think we've talked about a number somewhere between 10% and 12%, but we, it's really difficult to pinpoint it because there is so much indirect impact. The example Ive often cited is, if I travel an hour and a half to visit my mom, there is a sand mine up, two sand mines within two miles of the pharma Groupon. One was they both were operating, two years ago, one was operating 24 hours a day, the other one was operating 16 hours a day. One of the shut down and the other one has one shift. Our Red Wing store was impacted by oil and gas, but I went to sort of our Red Wing, Minnesota stores having an impact of oil and gas. So it's very hard to list it out.
Robert McCarthy: Okay and Holden perhaps we'll table that for a little probing offline. The second major question for this call is maybe you just talk about onsite. I mean, obviously people have been talking about the opportunities there in terms of what's going on, but maybe just talk about really how important is from an optimization of network potential? I mean, I think you cited in the past at least anecdotally, how high the margin is in your legacy stores and kind of your book [ph] Gaiden, which is the upper peninsula of the Midwest and Minnesota in terms of where the margins are and could you just talk about, really what you think the margin opportunity long term could be for the company at least qualitatively given onsite?
Dan Florness: Well, Ill throw out a few pieces, and then we'll wrap the call, so running up against 45 minutes. For us profitability on the day really stems from where is our average store size in that region and how well are we doing managing the growth of our business over time. So if I look at the Midwest where we have a greater concentration of onsite. It is also an area or the country where we have the largest average store site because it has grown over time. Our West Coast started opening up 20 years. Our Midwest started opening up 50 years ago. So we have a 20 to 30 year head start. And our highest operating margin business is in the Midwest. With that said, one thing Bob Kierlin has always reminded us and in the 20 years that I've been here and probably in the50 years if he has been here is that at the end of the day gross margin marker we look at to understand our business. Operating margin is a marker we look at to understand our business, but great organizations long-term focus on where they can provide their shareholders with their employees with an opportunity, their customer with the service and their shareholders with a return on investment. And we like the various businesses within Fastenal, because they all provide a very attractive return and that is at the end of the day the ultimate test of a business. And if you're providing opportunities to employees, you have a great organization to serve your customer long term; we believe we have all those components in our store network and in onsite. With that, I see we're at 45 minutes and similar prior quarters, we realized we're in the thick of earning season and everybody has a pretty busy plate. Well sign off for now again. Thank you for your support of Fastenal and thank you for welcoming Holden to the team.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Dan Florness - President and Chief Executive Officer Holden Lewis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Ellen Trester. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2016 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Holden Lewis, our Chief Financial Officer. Call will last for up to 45 minutes and we will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2016 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining in on our earnings call this morning. And I also want to welcome Holden to not only the earnings call, but to our organization as well. Holden has been here now for, I believe, about 5.5 weeks, so he is seasoned veteran at the Fastenal organization. When we started 2016, we had a handful of expectations for the year. And I thought Id run through those expectations and talk a little bit how the year has played out relative to those expectations. First expectation for the year, we are going to open some stores. We hadnt opened much stores in recent years. We are going to open a few more stores and not a lot, but a few more because that is part of our long-term growth and its about always exploring ways to grow in different markets. The second thing we were going to do is we are going to reinvigorate our store network. We talked about the CSP 16 at our Investor Day last November. Essentially, we injected about $75 million of inventory in our store network to be a better supplier, a more efficient supplier and a better same day supplier. And we are pretty good already, but lets get better. Third item, lets reinvigorate our vending. We have created a wonderful vending business in the last 5 years. But in the last 2 years, we have lost some steam. In 2014 and 2015, we had  we were signing about 4,000 a quarter, so we had run-rates of about 16,000 a year and really saw there is a lot more potential there and our capabilities are strong and this naturally works with our store and onsite network. Lets go back to this more aggressively. The fourth, speaking of our onsite network, lets transition to an onsite mentality for growth. History says we will sign about 5 to 10 a year. In 2015, we have started a transition. We signed about 80. Could we sign 200 in 2016? Five, our comps are going to ease in Q3  sorry about that, folks. I am not sure where that came from. Our comps were going to ease a bit in Q3 would allow from mid single-digit growth in sales and it gives us a little more flexibility on what we could afford to spend as we approach the year. Lets focus on our growth drivers in 2016. Lets demonstrate to ourselves and others that we can grow in this environment. And let our regional vice presidents, our district manager group, our hub manager group, our support leads run their business. Its an incredibly talented group. They run an incredibly impressive business. Let them run it. Lets focus on our growth drivers. And point 7, 8, 9 and 10, serve your customers, serve them everyday, improve their business and ours and be creative, we will grow. What are some of the realities of the year? We are opening some stores. We opened about 30  we will have opened between 35 and 40 stores for the year. I think thats a good number for us in 2016. One item that changed on our stores is in May of 2016, the Department of Labor published some new rules regarding exempt employees. This rule, while it doesnt impact our company in totality, because it essentially raised the threshold of what qualifies as an exempt employee from  there is rules for duties that qualify you and there is also a rule for pay, and those rules were increased dramatically in 2016. Because of that change, it does impact our smaller stores, because in our smaller stores, we dont always compensate above that $48,000 level, because we have folks that are building a business and we are a sales minded organization, but the opportunity is huge. But as you all know from the years of us publishing our pathway to profit data, stores under $75,000 a month are not profitable  are marginally profitable and this damages that. And we decided to close some stores. We moved fairly aggressively on it. We closed 65 stores in Q3. We have another 32 stores queued up to close in Q4 and we are also evaluating another group we are going to look at in 2017. But because of the close to 100 stores that we identified for closure, we did book up a reserve in the third quarter for those closures primarily related to the occupancy, but we move fairly quickly on it. These closures should have a minimum impact on our revenue similar to closures in the past because the stores have another  these locations have another store in reasonably close proximity. And as you know from previous conversations, the vast majority of our revenue is business-to-business, most of it going out our back door and we are delivering to the customer sites. So if we are serving a market with five stores versus four stores or three stores versus four stores doesnt necessarily change our ability to grow or our ability to maintain the business we have. And typically, we maintain 90-plus percent of the business when we close the store. But it did change a bit of our thought process as we have gone through the year just because of the changing landscape, the reality we live in.  CSP 16, we moved aggressively on that early in the year. Our store conversion is largely behind us. We believe this broadens our ability as I mentioned earlier, be a better same-day supplier, appeal to a broader range of customers. We believe that ultimately this will help us as we go on in 2017 with our construction customers. But we believe it makes us the more efficient business. On vending, our run rate has improved. We have been signing 4,700 to 4,800 per quarter instead of the closer to 4,000 we were doing the last 2 years. Right now, our run rate, if you just take that number and annualize it, its about 19,000 run rate versus the 16,000 the last couple of years. This is okay, its not great. We added 200 and some people earlier in the year to ramp this number up. That ramp has been moving a little bit slower than I would have liked. I would like the quarterly number to start with a five versus a four but we have improved it nicely. And I also have to acknowledge the fact that as you all know from previous calls, we signed a rather sizable vending leasing program earlier in the first half of the year and we have deployed in the last four months roughly 11,000 vending machines into that program. Thats created a little bit of distraction to our program, but I would still like a number that starts with a five. But we have made nice progress. Regarding the transition to onsite, I am frankly impressed with our team. We still have work to do, but I am impressed with the fact that we have signed 133 year-to-date. That put us on pace to do roughly 180. Our record year last year was 80. I believe we are creating momentum for our business into the future because the closer we get to the customer, whether that be with our store network, our vending platform or our onsite, history has demonstrated we take market share when we do that because we have a servants heart within our organization. Our covenant with our customer, we will help you be a better business by being a great supplier, a great partner to you, and the onsite strategy only makes that better. And I am very pleased with the transition we are making and with that I expect us to continue making as we enter 2017. Point five, the comps were easing in the third quarter and that will help us. Unfortunately, we are still stuck in that band of one to three. If you look at it from Q2 to Q3, our sales are treading water but there is two stories going on in there. Our fastener business continues to be weak. That business has been weak since the spring of 2015 and our fastener revenue dropped about $10 million from Q2 to Q3. Under the hood, our fastener margin improved nominally from Q2 to Q3. Under the hood, our non-fastener margin improved nominally from Q2 to Q3. We didnt execute that  we havent been executing that well, in my opinion, in 2016 in general on our freight. Our propensity to charge freight has weakened in the last six quarters, seven quarters. Lower fuel prices and its part of the reason, discipline is the other, perhaps the marketplace is making it a little bit more challenging to charge freight. But there are still ample examples where we can charge it we are not and we need to be better at executing on that front. But the product margins under the hood again, we have mix going against us because the fastener business was down about $10 million. We continue to see us inching along and improving the relative gross margin on the components. If sales are up 5% and  5% to 6% as we were expecting, the fact that our expenses are up a little bit above 5%, would be okay, wouldnt be great, but it would be okay. Unfortunately, thats not the fact pattern and we are pulling some levers on expenses. One of those levers that we are pulling is to help offset some of DOL impacts as we go into 2017, to offset some of the investment impacts we made in 2016. The regulatory environment, well, you all watch the news, I am not sharing a secret here. Its not a great environment to do business in. But thats the world we live in and thats the world we need to contend with. And there is a lot of uncertainty. But the certainty I do know is that we have a great organization, a great group of people out there managing our business. And we are going to continue to focus on our growth drivers and we are going to continue to let our regional vice presidents, our district managers, our hub managers, our support leads run their respective groups. But we will need to be mindful of the environment we are in. Its a different earnings call for me this quarter and as the last couple of quarters have been in and that I dont have a bunch of spreadsheets set in front of me ready to answer any and every question, just talking about the business. And I am upbeat about our business as I look forward. There is a lot of good things from a momentum standpoint, but it was tough quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Holden.
Holden Lewis: Great. Thank you, Dan. Yes, I will cover the numbers and try to give a little bit of color into what we saw that generated them. In terms of the revenues, total and daily sales in the third quarter were both up 1.8%. Thats the third straight quarter where we have seen daily sales growth between that 1.5% and 2% range. We did like that the quarter finished in September with a daily sales rate up 2.8%. But as you all know, the comparison did get quite a bit easier and thats a pattern thats going to continue into the fourth quarter. Qualitatively, its not clear to us that the tone changed much in the third quarter. We saw that the sales of fasteners into heavy manufacturing construction end markets were relatively weak as we have seen before. The same could be said of our largest customers. Our top 100 was flat to maybe down slightly during the period. But again, these are the same dynamics that have persisted throughout 2016. If there was any incremental change, it may have been that the U.S. business grew a little less quickly while Canada and Mexico actually strengthened. But at the end of the day, it all blended in what we thought was a fairly consistent quarterly sales performance. This sluggishness does mask the progress we are making on our growth drivers. Dan alluded to some of this, but we did sign over 4,700 vending machines in the third quarter. Our total installed base rose by more than 2,000 units. We now have 60,000  more than 60,000 in the field. Thats a figure that does not include the machines that are related to our leased locker program, which is being rolled out as we expected it to be. We also signed 41 onsites in the third quarter. We are up to about 133 year-to-date. The SKUs related to our CSP 16 initiative are growing faster than the company as a whole. And we will provide some additional insights into the CSP 16 and onsite initiatives after the fourth quarter. But again, overall, we think that those initiatives are proceeding nicely. In terms of gross profit, our gross margin was 49.3% in the third quarter. Thats down 120 basis points annually and thats down 20 basis points versus last quarter. We have discussed the gross margin ramifications related to the relative growth of our non-fastener or large customer mix in the short and intermediate term and that dynamic was significant in the annual decline we saw this quarter. In particular, fasteners as you saw as a percentage of sales, thats down 180 basis points year-over-year to 36.1%. That does have an impact on our gross margin overall. There was also a factor in our modest sequential decline. But that said we were a bit disappointed that the gross margins slipped in the third quarter. We looked at the gross margin of the fastener and non-fastener categories. They remained stable. We did good work there. We dont believe that we saw any meaningful pressure within the product categories themselves. We did see higher freight costs this quarter. That relates to both the weak demand, also perhaps our own diligence around inventory levels during the quarter. But regardless, the freight was a significant contributor to the downward drift we saw in the sequential gross margin Q2 to Q3 of 16. In terms of operating expenses, our operating margin was 20% in the quarter. Thats down 210 basis points annually and down 60 basis points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, our total headcount at the end of the third quarter was down 115 people. That decline was greater in our part-time labor. As a result, the full-time equivalent headcount was actually still up 1.4% in the quarter and that reflects both the Fasteners Inc. acquisition as well as the additions we made to vending and onsites. Sequentially, total headcount at the end of the third quarter was down 460 people. The full-time equivalent was down 4.8% and that just relates to whats become prudent headcount management given the sluggish demand environment and our efforts to prune some of our stores. We did see an increase in healthcare expenses in this quarter. However, overall, the employee-related expense as a percentage of sales, we thought were stable year-over-year and frankly improved slightly sequentially. Occupancy, expenses there were up both on an annual and sequential basis. This relates to three things. First and most significantly is the continued growth in our vending equipment. Revenues through our vending machines were still up almost 10% in the third quarter. Thats well above our corporate growth, so we feel good about these investments. Secondly, we continue to invest in our distribution infrastructure, primarily related to automation initiatives we have had underway. We think that that will contribute to long-term productivity. And then third, in the third quarter the expense was also lifted due to the closing of those 65 stores. For those reasons in the short-term and given the current environment, occupancy expenses are certainly playing a material role in pushing down our near-term margin. Cash flow generation, we generated $133 million in operating cash in the third quarter. Thats down about 5% versus last year, really related just to lower income this period, but it does represent 105% of this quarters net income, which is actually slightly better than last year. We did have a free cash deficit of about $27 million. That includes our having paid our dividend, but we also saw capital spending rise and thats simply a function of the lease locker program with Wal-Mart and sort of the costs related to that. We didnt buyback any shares in the period and we did add about $15 million in debt to finance the free cash shortfall. Lastly on balance sheet, our total debt at the end of the third quarter is now about $445 million. That is up $130 million from the end of third quarter last year. On a net cash basis, our total debt now is 13.5% of total capital, up marginally from 10.2% in the same period a year ago. That rise is modest and it relates to the modest free cash generation we have had from lower earnings. The higher inventories we put out there due to CSP 16, some stock repurchase and of course, the payment of our dividend. We do view the balance sheet as being conservative to capitalize and we have ample liquidity to continue to invest in the business and pay our dividend. In terms of working capital, this will be my last comment. We were comfortable with how the numbers shook out. The receivables came in at about 49.7 days. That is comparable to where it was a year ago. Inventories came in at 159.6, thats well ahead of where we were a year ago, but that was expected. It does reflect our infusing the CSP 16 products into the field, the acquisition of Fasteners, Inc., which will anniversary in November and the increase in onsite locations. But the annual increase in dollar inventories was 9.5%. That was  that did achieve our goal of keeping growth below 10%. So overall, we are comfortable with where the condition of our balance sheet is, given the effect of the significant growth investments that have impacted it. Thats all I have and with that I will  we will turn over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Dan Florness: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So first, can you talk a little bit more about September, which to me it looked like sales stabilized at a low level, but how did the month start and finish and I know you said that not much has changed with the end markets, but are you seeing any signs that the industrial economy is bottoming?
Dan Florness: I cant say that we are, Ryan. I can tell you that with the two weeks left in the month and I am looking at where I thought the momentum is going to finish and how it played out, there were no surprises in the last ten days, which says as much about our large account performance as it does our small account performance, just the dynamics of timing during the month. And  but I cant say that we saw any kind of inflection. Holden, I dont know if you have any comment to add to that.
Holden Lewis: Yes. And what I will say about that Ryan is when we look at sort of our customers by category or end market grouping, we didnt see a lot of changes in September. We might be lapping some of the issues around the energy side, but that would be one month in hand with that. We will see how that plays out through fourth quarter. But there may have been some indication on that in some of those customers. We probably saw a little bit of incremental weakness in the heavy-duty truck customers that we might have. But beyond those two items, there is not a lot more to add in terms of end markets. Regionally, we indicated the U.S. was a little bit weaker than the international. Some of that might simply reflect changes in currencies more than anything else. But there wasnt a whole lot of change beyond those fairly minor sort of differences in the quarter or in the month.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, fair enough. And you could see a little bit more evidence before you are willing to call it bottom, I understand. Then, moving to incremental margins, I think in the last call, Dan, you said that the new level was 20% to 25% just given the onsite business thats ramping, but what level of sales growth do you need in 2017 to get there?
Dan Florness: Well, if you look at our expense growth right now, we are running  and I am assuming in this discussion that gross margins, the drain that we have seen in the last five, six quarters moderates. Our fasteners as a percentage of our business moderate to a certain degree. And there is a better shine through of the revenue growth or maybe I could just answer to the context of gross profit or the growth we need. Right now, our operating expenses are up about 5% year-over-year. Some of that because of the investments we have made. We need to structurally lower that probably closer to 3.5% to 4%, so that at 3.5% and 4% revenue growth, we can let that shine through. Obviously, one thing thats inherent in our numbers right now is of the accordions that are within the  if you think of the cost structure of Fastenal, our incentive comp is at an incredibly low point right now. So, we would be very mindful of the structural expenses we are adding as we look into 2017 and 18, because we know there will be some expansion in that cost pool as we want the 17 and 18 and thats frankly a good thing. That was also  I am not going to paint the picture of the DOL rule changes were the only reason we closed some stores. They were recently moved pretty quickly, but we do need to be mindful some structural costs that we can remove from the business, especially in an environment where onsite is a bigger part of our growth driver going forward.
Ryan Merkel: So next year, you need mid single-digit top line maybe a little bit better to see some meaningful earnings leverage, is that fair?
Dan Florness: Yes, yes. I think its also fair, Ryan, to suggest that coming into this year, we sort of took it for granted that we grow mid single-digits and plan to invest around that. I am not sure that we are making such  that we are making any such assumption about the go forward market given that we havent seen any meaningful improvement in the markets. And so we are not necessarily going to assume that we are going to make those same investments for that same level of growth. We maybe prudent if we dont begin to see the revenue growth rates begin to tick up.
Ryan Merkel: Right, makes sense. Okay, thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Could you remind me the math on vending? You asked that customers have an incremental spend of about $2,000 a month I believe it is, is that a net goal after the reduction in usage of the products that are in the vending machine?
Dan Florness: Yes. And it does not  it does not need to be vending revenue and again thats based on the machine itself and different machines have different requirements. The FAST 5000, which is roughly, I think, 40% of our fleet, thats that $2,000 number. But for lockers, which have a lower cost basis than the FAST 5000, the number might be $1,200 or might be $1,000. Thats why we have disclosed historically, we have talked about both our absolute device count, but then our weighted average count, because the weighted average is more akin to the $2,000 number.
David Manthey: Okay, got it. And if I recall your realized incremental revenues was something less than that $2,000, is that still the case?
Dan Florness: No, our realized historically, if you look at that as far as growth with those customers, that was realized, again, not all that through the machine, because our average machine runs closer to $1,100, $1,200 versus that $2,000. But we do achieve growth outside the machine and thats why you see our vending direct  our business with the vending machine continues to grow. And our non-fastener business, which  about 25% of our non-fastener business goes through a vending machine and thats why that business continues to grow mid single-digits in an environment where the peers in that business are contracting.
David Manthey: Okay. So what you are saying is that per weighted average machine, you are achieving $2,000 of total net growth, again yet realizing thats not just through the machine, thats all in for the customer, correct?
Dan Florness: Correct.
David Manthey: Okay, alright. Thank you for that. And then how much higher were your occupancy costs due to the closures in the current quarter. And then you mentioned the reserve for future closures that you took in the third quarter, I think you said it wasnt that meaningful, but could you just give us an idea of what that was?
Holden Lewis: I believe it was just over  just under $1.1 million that we booked during the quarter. And again what that is, once we make the  and this is the  Dan thrown his CFO hat on for a second, sorry, some habits are hard to kill. What you accrue when you are closing locations is you look at future expenses you will incur that do not have a future benefit. And so in the third quarter store closures, there is some real estate that we need to contend with. And in the fourth quarter locations, there are some real estate costs we will need to contend with and those we accrue a lot based on assumptions of similar closures in the past, but its about $1.1 million.
David Manthey: Alright. And then final question on pricing, you have been seeing some pressure on the fasteners side recently, has that alleviated at all [indiscernible] fasteners, non-fasteners and then your outlook for 2017 on pricing?
Dan Florness: I dont know if we have an outlook, a generic outlook for fasteners and non-fasteners. My earlier comments were from Q2 to Q3, our gross margin on fasteners ticked up nominally. I look at that and say that probably should have occurred structurally just because some of the weakness usually occurs that we are seeing most acutely is in the OEM fasteners and so mix should be helping fasteners a little bit. So I would look at that and Holden characterized it as treading water. Our non-fasteners, we improved a little better than 20 basis points from Q2
David Manthey: Yes. But from a pricing standpoint, Dan?
Dan Florness: From a pricing standpoint, not much going on there Dave, thats  the non-fasteners is as much about us doing a better job of managing the mix.
David Manthey: Okay.
Dan Florness: To the extent Dave, that in prior quarters, there was any confidence from our people that there was a little bit of pricing pressure they were seeing on fasteners, I would say that the confidence is not as high that they are seeing that pressure at this point. So it was never huge on fasteners to begin with. And whether we are anniversarying it or what have you, it doesnt seem to be a big factor in what we saw this quarter. And again I think thats reflected in part by the fact that we had relatively stable margins on our  when you look at the category specifically.
David Manthey: Alright. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Hamzah Mazari: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a question on the onsite business, maybe Dan if you could frame for us, how should we think about the ramp period associated with the new onsite store either in revenue per month or however you want to describe that, just trying to get a sense of how the onsite business ramps over time and against critical mass and I realize that would vary depending on the customer, but just any sense of that would be helpful?
Dan Florness: What we talked about a year ago, I will answer it in two components, we talked about a year ago was and what Chris talked as he had studied a lot of our existing onsites is that you could take a $20,000 or $30,000 a month relationship and grow it to $120,000 or $130,000, $150,000 relationship in 12 months to 24 months. We still believe that to be true. We have ramped so many, the 80 and then the ones we have signed this year, many of which we are turning on at different times last year and different times this year. In our earlier commentary, we talked about in January, given a little bit more insight what we have seen from this first group of 80 how we will have a calendar year under our belt and then what we are seeing in the new group coming in that have turned down as we have gone through the quarters. I just soon hold the answer to that for that point in times we will have more succinct data to share with you. What I can tell you is our assumptions initially we have not seen evidence that causes us to think that assumption should be different going forward.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up question, on the gross margin, anything you can quantify around freight and also the CSP 16 startup costs, just trying to get a sense of the margin degradation regarding those two items. Its not like margins coming in your expectation was probably flat to up slightly given some of the inventory you pulled out last quarter. Is that fair?
Dan Florness: Yes, thats a fair characterization of what we talked about in July. If you look at the CSP from a gross margin perspective, the stuff we were seeing earlier wasnt about CSP 16 so much. That was about  we were introducing some new tools into our business inventory by location and some other aspects like that and we were aggressively moving on some inventory from a clearance standpoint. The CSP 16, those  the margins on those projects are nicely above the company average. That has much to do about the mix of who that business is going to as it is about the actual products. Because in the CSP 16, there is a fairly strong mixture of tool categories etcetera that dont necessarily have higher gross margin, but the mix of customers is beneficial in that business. So, that CSP 16 has a positive influence overall to gross margin albeit relatively small impact on the relative dollars. In terms of the freight, I mean, our gross margin declined 20 basis points sequentially from Q2 to Q3. I think its fair to suggest that freight was a significant piece of that 20 basis points, if not all of it.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman: Just sticking with that freight theme for a second here, we have talked about fuel and execution behind that. I am wondering if you are seeing any changes in how the market approaches freight, because obviously a lot of consumer markets, consumers expect free shipping. And so maybe you could talk about how much of your revenue base you already have free freight with certain customers and then maybe talk a little bit more about the pushback with the execution issues that you are seeing there?
Dan Florness: Well, two things going on here, Adam. One is if you think of our growth drivers both short-term and multiyear, our growth drivers lend themselves towards things that really dont have a freight component to them. Vending, there really isnt a freight component to vending, so that business, that growth, that $600 million plus business a year is freight free, because its part of the offering we have. If you think of CSP 16 by placing it in the store, those products dont really lend themselves to having freight charged on them, whereas perhaps in the past some of that revenue again, thats a relatively small impact. One of the selling impacts or selling philosophies of the onsite is that we are by moving in onsite to your facilities, there are certain costs we can strip out. One of them is some of your working capital costs as we can stock that inventory because we are a more efficient supply chain. Some of that is because we are more orderly in what we are ordering in our visibility to when we see  we learn about transactions before they become quotes and purchase orders. And so we can be more efficient on how we manage our freight costs. So, those are structural changes over time that arent necessarily detrimental in the true sense of the word. I think one of the things that can happen when you are going through this environment of some of the structural changes dont necessarily have a freight component to them is that you can convince yourself that maybe the other pieces dont have as great propensity to have freight on them as they did in the past, maybe that piece of that is the tone of the leaders of the organization and I look at myself when I say that. Maybe I am not pushing it hard enough. But its the case of, sometimes, you can convince yourself on why you cant do some stuff and you need to convince yourself on why you can, why you should. And I think thats probably the bigger culprit in this equation than the marketplace, because the marketplace doesnt change that abruptly to explain some of the degradation we had.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, thank you. And then if we could just switch gears back to the revenue growth trends, the non-res construction sales have been weaker sometime and I think Holden, you mentioned that we are starting to cycle against some of the oil and gas headwinds that we had last year. Maybe could we dig into that a little bit more deeply? What have you been seeing by region, any pickup in oil related customer growth recently? Thank you.
Holden Lewis: It would probably be premature to get particularly excited about what we are seeing. As I said in September, it looked like maybe a couple of our national accounts within that energy piece should begin to see some of their annual rates have changed become less severely negative, but they are still negative. And we will see how the next couple of months, couple  the next quarter plays out on that space. But I think that the real emphasis that we would make and I guess, this came about the question of bottoming. We are not seeing things getting a lot better. If those customers get better, its because the comps are getting easier. Maybe we will be pleasantly surprised and demand will actually improve from here going forward. But its a little bit early to make any such declaration in any of those markets.
Dan Florness: I will throw one comment and I had the opportunity early last week to reach out to our regional leader in the Gulf Coast. Steve and his team have gone through a pretty ugly period in the last 1 year, 1.5 years. And that business grew in September. And it was fun making that call and congratulating them because I know from a first hand basis some of the discussions I personally had with them as well as other individuals in that business unit, they have had a really ugly period and I was really happy for them to see their business grow in the month of September.
Adam Uhlman: Thats good to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning Dan, good morning Holden, how are you?
Dan Florness: Good. Good morning Sam. Thank you. Good morning.
Sam Darkatsh: Couple of questions here, first off, related to back to vending, the spread between the growth in vending customers and non-vending customers is obviously pretty tight right now, I am trying to think about what factors might occur that would create that spread to re-widen in vendings favor especially with your thoughts Dan that you think the fastener business ultimately for you stabilizes from here?
Dan Florness: We had quite a few vending machines that have been running negative and vending relationships that have been running negative. And I asked our team to take a look at this group of vending machines. And its a sizable group of vending machines, so population if you look at and you can actually glean some knowledge from it. We took a good hard look at it and what we saw  because one thing  one visibility we have into our customers business that we have never had before is the insight into how many unique people are using the device. If there is 100 employees that are in this customers facility, you know that because those 100 people are in the database are people that can use the vending platform and it also  of those 100 people can get these products versus those products. If I am in the welding area, I have access to the welding tips. But if I am not in the welding area, I dont have access to those six buttons, if you will and  or those six products. And one thing that jumped out for us where we had vending machines that were negative and again, it was a sizable number is the number of employees on the database right now versus a year ago had dropped. And that group, the number of employees had dropped about 10%. And I dont recall offhand how many customer locations this included but that tells me we have a bunch of customers and our fastener business was negative with those customers. We have a bunch of customers who had downsized some operations, maybe they have fewer shifts maybe they have fewer people per shift, but they have downsized in this group about 10% actual headcount. And we were seeing in those machines revenue down in the teens. So thats the case that there was some serious belt-tightening going on. But there was just a drop in consumption because there was a drop in the workload at that business. And thats  the economics are such that if there is fewer employees from a year ago, they need fewer safety glasses and gloves and new consumables that go with having people.
Sam Darkatsh: Interesting. A couple of more quick questions if I could. What would prompt the resumption of the share repo activity is it just a matter of once you no longer require the capital for the Walmart initiative or is it something else?
Dan Florness: I dont know if we know the answer to that right now, Sam. One of the  personally, one of the advantages of bringing in somebody like Holden into the organization is the perspective of Fastenal has historically been we are boringly conservative Midwesterners and we tend to look at the business probably not as financially as still as we should and thats probably a reflection of the old CFO. I like the fact that we have a voice at the table that is going to challenge us to think about our business differently. The fact that think about our working capital, think about our capital structure just think about the business, in general, little bit differently, it doesnt mean we are going to change suddenly on our appetite for doing different things, because we have changed our appetite in that over the last 2 years. But we have been  as you see from the numbers we have been pretty quiet on the buyback and I dont know that, that will change in the next few months.
Holden Lewis: When the decision was originally made, part of it was simply the capital structure had been so under  so overly conservative, if you will. At this point with 13% debt-to-cap is certainly not a lot, there was plenty of room to go higher should we choose to do so, but at the same time, we do in fact have debt at this point. So, the same urgency to address our capital structure isnt quite where it might have been originally and so there maybe reasons to buyback stock in the near to intermediate term, but there is no urgency to do so.
Sam Darkatsh: And then the last question...
Dan Florness: Sam, I will have to take that one offline. I see we are at 45 minutes past the hour and we have always religiously held to the 45-minute conference call. I realized its the start of earnings season and everybody has a lot of demands on their time. I want to close the call by thanking everybody for your interest in the Fastenal organization and learning a little bit about our quarter and about our growth drivers. I am as excited about the opportunities for our business as I was a year ago as I was 5 years ago and really feel we have begun taking two nice steps, 2015 and 2016, into transitioning to an onsite mentality for growth. And I am excited about what that means for our future. Thank you everybody and have a good day.
Holden Lewis: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Investor Relations Daniel Florness - President and CEO Sheryl Lisowski - Interim CFO, Controller, and CAO
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Chris Dankert - Longbow Research David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Ryan Merkel - William Blair Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2016 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Sheryl Lisowski, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes and well start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1st, 2016 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining our earnings call for the second quarter of 2016. I've been in my role here at Fastenal as CEO and President or -- I'm in my seventh month, started in January, unofficially stepped into the role last October. I'm a firm believer, and I have some CEOs that came before me at Fastenal that did an excellent job of doing two things; providing vision to our shareholders and to the employees at Fastenal and providing perspective periodically on what we are doing for course correction as we go through a period of time. In the case of vision, I like to believe the vision that we laid out last November on our investor day and the vision that we believe, I believe is a correct one for Fastenal is being presented in a meaningful fashion. I think we are seeing traction on it. From the vantage point of the second item perspective, perspective is looking at the business in my mind as you go through the quarter again pointing things out as you go through the quarter you go through the year, you go through the month pointing things out and seeing a cause and effect from the standpoint of a reaction and the improvement on certain things, or you accelerate on certain things that aren't moving fast enough. In that regard, I would have to say I let the Fastenal organisation and our shareholders down in the second quarter, there were some miss steps we made, but let's look at vision first. We talked last November about the vision of Fastenal and one thing that I think is critical to our success as we go forward in this year and into the years to follow is the momentum we are building as an organization. One of the hallmarks of the organization that I have known for over just over 20 years, in June I hit 20 years with Fastenal, a milestone I'm particularly proud of, is the fact that we are an organization that builds momentum, whether that momentum is coming from the opening of stores, the adding of people, the signing of and installing of vending machines, we are an organization that creates momentum for ourselves and that allows us to separate in the market place our ability to grow long term. Now we operate in a large market, we have a large opportunity and it's upon us to build the momentum to go out and take that opportunity. We didn't have great momentum coming into the year and you see that shining through on some of our numbers this quarters and I'll get into a few more specifics in a second. But on the building of momentum front, in the first six months of this year we signed 92 onsite, 48 in the first quarter, 44 in the second quarter. Our stated goal is to sign 200 for the year, firstly I want to have no quarter that doesn't start with at least a four, and it will be great to have a quarter or two that starts with a five. So far, I believe in the first two quarters of the year we've made a tremendous transition in our ability to sign on-sites. And on-sites for those of who not familiar with it is really about us setting up a store inside the customer's facility and having an even more intimate relationship than we've had in the past. We have currently 333 I believe that's the number, on-sites that are operating of the 92 we've turned on I believe close to 50 on-sites, but we are making very good progress on changing the organization to build, start building that momentum that we'll need as we go into '17, '18 and beyond. In regards to vending, in the first two quarters of this year we signed 9,516 devices and we signed more in the second quarter than the first quarter. Earlier in the year we added 200, roughly 230 people into our business to support vending and to drive our signing with vendings, and I'll touch on a few stats in a second of why that's important. But I'm proud to say that we are gaining some momentum there. Part of the process with this new group of people was to go out and optimize our existing devices. In many cases that optimization involved adding products into the machines to improve the throughput of the machine. In some cases it was changing the configuration of the machines to improve the efficiency of replenishing the machine and so an optimization is an all revenue base and might be service based aspect. But we've optimized approximately 75% of our machines in the first six months of the year, that's good news. The second set of good news that we continue to see good statistics out of the group of stores. The bad news is it also required the removal of a certain number of machines. We've removed 7,200 machines in the first six months of this year as we went through our optimization process. Many of those machines are great decision - that we removed are great decisions because we went from 10 machines to 9. We went from 4 machines to 3, because we really rationalized the equipment we needed to support that customer and that's a great decision because it allows us to get a better return on that asset that's deployed. Unfortunately some of the machines we removed were examples where we had the machine in an environment where either the business had changed or the business never truly justified the vending machine and we went from one to zero or two to zero. But I believe we have a much better business vending business today than we had six months ago and we continue to see great traction in our signings and every day we are doing a better job, vetting new signings than we did the day before. We are becoming a much better vending company. If I look at the second quarter, we grew our business just under 2%. Our vending customers grew just under 3. Those customers like many of our customers especially in particular industries heavily hit by either weaker energy prices or weaker activity in the industrial market place. Our fastener business with vending customers was down 5% in the second quarter. So a group of customers that grew 3% their fastener business with us was down 5, I think that's an indicator of what's going on in their economic circumstance. For non-fastener business with that same group of customers grew about 6%. If I take it one step further the dollar thats going through the vending machine grew about 11. So what we are seeing is a group of customers about 45% of our revenue is with customers that have vending. Our revenue with that group of customers is growing at about twice the rate of our overall business as a company. That group of customers is as hurt by the economy as any other group and you are seeing that shine through in the fastener business and yet our non-fastener business continues to grow very well and our business through the vending machine is growing double digit. We believe vending is an example of engagement with our customer just like on-site and is an example of engagement with our customer we believe we are building momentum that will serve us well in the years to follow. The third piece of momentum I believe we are building is our CSP 16, I believe we are about 1,900 stores converted. Our CSP 16 is largely in place with the revenue drivers of our business and what I mean by that is there are some stores that have yet to convert, there might be smaller stores or stores that are in the process of moving, but they but our revenue base is largely complete as it relates to CSP 2016 and that positions us to a better same day supplier to our customers, be a more efficient supplier to our customers and broaden our appeal on the range of customers that can buy from us, and I believe that will serve us well in the months and years to follow. Finally we have very good momentum on our national account signings we highlighted that in the points raised I believe it was on the second page of the press release. Thats being helped by on-site signings, on-site signings are being helped by that, they serve each other well because 75% of our on-sites are with national account customers. That's the vision and I believe the momentum we are building as we go through 2016.  Now the perspective part, and the part where as I mentioned earlier I think frankly I could have done better it's from the standpoint provided perspective to the team at Fastenal. Our top 10 customers in the first quarter and our top ten customers represent 8% to 10% of revenue -- the month or the quarter you are looking at. That group was growing at about 14% in the first quarter, largely buoyed by a few customers that were new to that group. The key to that group every year is what is the new blood you are bringing into it, and what are you doing with your existing group of customers that were in there -- in the past. In the district level we refer to that as our top 25, at the regional level we refer to that as our top 300 customers, it's really what's happening with you know big customers and what new customers are you bringing into that group. The growth for that group which was double digit in the first quarter and was double digit in April went to zero in the month of May and went to negative six in the month of June. So in the second quarter that group of customers grew at about 8%. If I look at the top 100 customers in our business and again they represent about 25% of the revenue, the top 10 I just talked about would be a subset. In the first quarter that group of customers grew about 4.5%. In the month of April that group of customers grew 6.5%. In the month of May that group of customers contracted about 2%, in the month of June that group of customers contracted about 2.5%. For the quarter that group of customers which grew almost 5%, 4.5% in the first quarter grew 7/10s of a percent in the second quarter. When I look at that group of customers, I see that sudden fall of as an example not of the momentum we are building but of slowdowns with the momentum we have built in the past with customers we have had in the past where we have a large market presence and that business fell off later in the quarter. The perspective part that we failed on is we didn't react fast enough locally and companywide to that falling revenue in the month of May and June. As it relates to gross margin, you'll notice a couple of thing omitted from our press release this quarter. One is a stated range and that stated range was not removed because I felt was accurate, it was removed because it was becoming too much noise to our conversation. I believe you owned Fastenal, because Fastenal is an organization that builds momentum and carries that momentum forward and is good enough at executing the business that we are able to capture that momentum in very attractive profit growth overtime and very attractive returns. Therefore our focus internally is 90% on building the momentum. But in the case of gross margin, our gross margin dropped about 30 basis points during the quarter from the first quarter. About 25 basis points of that drop remain was tied to some of the activities around a very rapid CSP 2016 roll out and really more than that a number of efficiencies we introduced into our store network, inventory by location. They come under a bunch of names but we are introducing and we want to do it very rapidly maybe too rapidly, but we want to do it very rapidly to move forward. During that process, there were some components of our inventory we decided to sell off at a lower price, there were some components of our inventory that we decided to remove from our business. There is about 10 basis points of that drop that I believe are behind us, there is about 15 to 20 basis points of that drop that I believe will remain for several quarters. I was willing to move quickly on that as we entered the second quarter because I felt there were enough other things we were doing that we could fund that if you will by other gross profit initiatives. Those didn't materialize, unfortunately and the gross margin that you see as a result. And related to operating expenses, there's really probably two things that are noteworthy in our operating expenses and Sheryl is going to touch on a hand -- give us a little depth on these and a few more. But the two things that jump up from me, are few costs were up about $2.5 million from Q1 to Q2, that's a fact of the price of gasoline at the pump and diesel fuel at the pump where we didn't execute real well as we didn't react quickly to adjusting some of our store routes, our local routes but more importantly we didnt wrap very quickly to our propensity charge freight and therefore we largely bore that expense without sharing any of that expense. The second one and this is a mechanical thing and it's something that I talked about with many of you over the last year on earnings call. And that is historically we have a very good flex in our operating expenses as it relates to incentive comp and what it means in the short term for our ability to absorb some worsening environments and in a little bit of the incremental margin we give back in strong periods. And that is, as we had gone through 2015 our incentive comp was compressing dramatically. And if you take a look at our proxy, you could see that from the standpoint of the impact on the executive compensation. But it contracted dramatically and so our -- the district and regional and store leadership component of that is at a compressed level and so the ability to flex there is limited in the current environment and you sell that shine through unfortunately in the current quarter. Finally two things I'll touch on and it really relates to the momentum items I was discussing earlier and that is and we highlighted it. We installed during the quarter approximately 3000 locker lease devices under our locker lease program that we initiated earlier in the year with Wal-Mart. Now the total roll out of that will be approximately 1,500 devices and will roll out as we go through the balance of this year and I believe a little bit into early next year. We think it's an excellent program for us long term and we entered into it. The second one is at our investor day last year we unveiled our outdoor locker. As of today we have approximately 30 outdoor store lockers in place. We expect to have about 50 by September. And while it's not very meaningful from a revenue perspective and it won't be very meaningful from a revenue perspective when I look at 2016 or 2017. Its a step we're taking in one more means to be a much better supplier to our customers. With that, I'll it over to Sheryl.
Sheryl Lisowski: I will start by providing an overview of our operating and administrative expenses. Regarding employee related expenses we added approximately 800 people to the Fastenal organization in the last 12 months. Approximately 37% of these people were added to a store or some other type of selling location. During the first half of 2016 our payroll related expenses increased due to the addition of personnel related to the acquisition of Fastener's Inc which occurred in November 2015, and the addition of vending specialists, information, technology, development resources and distribution personnel, and we also experienced an increased in our healthcare cost. These increases were partially offset by contraction in our performance bonuses and commission and in our profit sharing contribution, primarily due to lower sales growth and due to lower operating income both on a dollar basis and a relative basis. The increase in the second quarter of 2013 when compared to the second quarter of 2015 was driven by the same factors as the six-month period. Regarding occupancy expenses, the increase in the first half of 2016 when compared to the first half of 2015 was driven by an increase in industrial vending equipment and also an increase in investment in our distribution infrastructure over the last several years primarily related to automation, the largest impact related to the industrial vending equipment. The increase in the second quarter of 2016 when compared to the second quarter of 2015 was driven by the same factors as the six months period. Selling transportation costs included in operating and administrative expenses increase in the first half of 2016, when compared to the first half of 2015. This was driven by an increase in the number of vehicles for sales personnel and the timing of leased vehicles sales which was partially offset by a decrease in fuel cost. The increase in the second quarter of 2016 when compared to the second quarter of 2015 was driven by the same factors as the six-month period. During the second quarter of 2016, we did not repurchase any stock, however in the first quarter of 2016 we purchased 1.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $37.15 per share. We spend approximately $396 million buying back stocks since June 30 of 2014 and we purchased approximately 3.3% of our shares outstanding from the start of this timeframe. Regarding net capital expenditures, in the first half of 2016 our net capital expenditures expressed in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were $86 million or 33.3% of net earnings. We expect our net capital expenditures to be approximately $200 million in 2016 and we plan to fund the portion of our planned capital expenditures with proceeds of our private placement of debt. We expect to close on this funding in late July 2016. Regarding operational working capital, on a year-over-year basis our inventory grew by $108 million and this growth was driven by the following factors; CSP 16 was approximately 50% of the increase. Our international inventory growth was approximately 9% of the increase, the acquisition of Fasteners Inc related to 8% of the increase, on-site and large customer impacts which were approximately 14% of the increase. From a cash flow perspective, our operating cash flow as the percentage of net earnings contracted slight in the first half of 2016 when compared to the first half of 2015 due to our current initiative to add additional products into store inventory under our CSP 16 format. This was partially offset by a reduction in net cash used to fund accounts receivables. Our first quarter typically has stronger cash flow characteristics due to the timing of tax payments, and this benefit reverses itself in the second, third, and fourth quarters as income tax payments go out in April, June, September, and December. Our free cash flow year to-date for 2016 is 63% of earnings which compares to year to-date 2015 at 66% of earnings. Last night we announce the Q3 dividend of $0.30 per share. As a takeaway I'd like to share with the group that we have a strong cash flow and we're optimistic about our cash flow potential throughout the year. And with that, I'll turn it over for questions from the group.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning, Rob.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Dan, I wondered if you could just provide a little bit more color on June sales, what verticals slowed especially in light the ISM which seems to be showing improving conditions? And I wondered if you would attribute any of the pressure to things that might consider temporary or like these extended shutdowns you mentioned?
Daniel Florness: In the construction front we saw slowdown in our energy customers in both May and June. And a piece of that is we're seeing projects that were still going on from a year ago that just are not being replaced. I would not look at that as a temporary one. On the temporary front we saw quite a few customers that were shut down, I think our largest impact was actually on-site we have where the customer was shut down for three weeks of the month in doing maintenance, but the week of Memorial Day in early June we saw shutdowns, we saw some shutdowns here in the over the week of July 4th and I believe those are  while they are temporary will impact third quarter as well because of the July 4th and I would suspect there'll be some over Labor Day as well.
Robert Barry: Yes. I mean, I know it's probably hard to quantify, but any rough estimate of the extent which these temporary items weighed on June or the quarter?
Daniel Florness: Well, in the case in June I could comfortably say a point  a percentage point of revenue; going beyond that I wouldn't be as comfortable.
Robert Barry: You also mentioned pricing has an impact from deflation, can you dimension that and given steel prices have started to rise how should we think about that potentially becoming a benefit?
Daniel Florness: We were seeing probably more propensity for fastener prices to rise two and three months ago, while there still is  there still are examples of that, some of the propensity had lessened, but I won't  I'm less certain. I think that's probably more of a  we need some traction in the economy to make some of that become a little stickier.
Robert Barry: Yes. So the steel prices rises aren't yet potential tailwind, just not enough or long enough or?
Daniel Florness: There are not as pronounced. I guess, we were seeing more of that two and three months ago, and while there's still a lot of discussions both on the fasteners and the non-fasteners, I would say its probably less noise from it now than there was two or three months ago.
Robert Barry: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hi. Morning, guys.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: Last call you've been talking about being able to hold the gross margin flat or roughly flat kind of through the rest of the year. Just kind of given what we've seen pricing wise and demand wise, I guess, can you kind of give us some sort of size of what you do expect for the full year now as far as is 49.5 a new - better benchmark now?
Daniel Florness: I don't know that my credibility is real good on that right now, given some of the statements made in the past. What I touched on is we saw about 25 basis point, 25 to 30 basis points drop largely because of a few what I'd consider internal shorter term things that we've decided that we're moving quickly on and decided to do to be honest with you. I felt we had enough momentum of other things in place to match that in short term. And my comments here are short term centered and short-term being 2016, because longer term our on-site business which runs in the mid 30s will become a -- as we gain traction in there will become a more meaningful piece. And so if you look at now a longer term three to five years I would expect some progression in our gross margin solely because of mix of business.
Chris Dankert: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then I guess, I don't believe I've missed it, but is there any way to quantify these ex-sales impact, you know, sales impact from CSP or some of the on-siting stuff, I know you've given us some decent progress numbers as far as how those have rolled out, but is there any kind of revenue impact you can give us?
Daniel Florness: I plan to do a little more that in the Q3 call only because the last of our CSP convergence were occurring in that early June timeframe, so we really don't have enough time under our belt because there was a lot of activity going on in the first and second quarter and a lot of in the second quarter. In the case of the on-site, we want to get a little deeper into the year and then do some discussions on the 80 we saw in last year what we've seeing and what we're learning from it. The 92 we've signed in the first six months of this year, what we're seeing, so for the time being I'll hold off on that.
Chris Dankert: All right. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Thank you. Hey, Dan. Good morning.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
David Manthey: When you think about the growth of the company today and the build up of sort of a secular growth rate, market growth, share gain, vending on-sites, price et cetera, how do you think about the growth of Fastenal as it stands today?
Daniel Florness: You know, give me a timeframe Dave, so I can
David Manthey: Yes, I'm talking
Daniel Florness: You're looking at multi  you're looking at kind of a multiyear thing?
David Manthey: Definitely, definitely, I'm talking three to five years, kind of either from here over the next several years?
Daniel Florness: I believe we have  we talked in the November Investor Day about the number of on-site potential, the number of vending potential, and our existing store potential outside of those two, because there's a lot of national  only a third of our national account business today goes through on on-site, two-thirds of its outside the on-site. So there's a whole bunch of pieces to growth and I'm not even including in that the impact of international which is now getting to be a meaningful piece of our business, and a piece of our business that grew nicely both from a revenue and a profit perspective in the current quarter. But if I look at it, let's say over multiyear period we can sign 200, 300 on-sites a year. And if they truly turned into a 1 million to 1.5 million revenue growers as we move forward. A piece of our business would migrate there, but more importantly, that would provide us, I believe five points of growth when we were looking at this three and four and five years out right there. On top of what vending would do and part of the vending I'm double counting, because some of the vending would to that group of customers and then what our store base would do.  I really believe from a  just doing the math and assuming we can, we have the horsepower, because I know the markets there. The horsepower to pull it off, which I believe we have or can add, its a business that over a multiyear perspective could grow in low double-digits. Now we need our store piece to execute well on that environment. We need our vending piece to execute well in that environment. But I believe that's achievable. If I'm wrong on the store piece and how much we can add there it would translate that from lower double-digits to an upper single-digit, but I think in either scenario its very attractive and profitable growth.
David Manthey: Right. And then earlier when you were talking about the growth in on-sites and the traction you're getting there and the factors that's coming through at a slightly lower margin, I guess in terms of the contribution margin I think you use to talk about 25% to 30% was a targeted range and when I look over the past five years and periods where you've grown 5% or greater its been about 25%, should we assume that maybe 20% to 25% is a better range given the importance of on-sites in that growth algorithm?
Daniel Florness: It plays into it, yes. And that might not be a bad way to think about it. The one perspective that you know the pathway to profit that's underlying in our business within our store network is still there and so that's store network will continue to see that tick up over time. But if we go from on-sites being 15% -- you know on-sites and customer sites that group we've talked about being mid-teens, 15% of our business and that effectively doubles over six to eight year horizon. It would take a little bit out of our incremental margin, yes.
David Manthey: Okay. All right. Thanks very much Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Graham: Hi, good morning, Dan.
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Scott Graham: Just wondering in the  really the two questions are in the current environment where sales are tough to come by and shareholder value tough as a result. Is there any thought behind accelerating share repurchases in the second half of the year? And my second question relates more to the vending program with respect to Fastener side. Just hoping if you can give us a little bit more color on I think what you said was a minus five in that area for the company?
Daniel Florness: Well, the minus five with the customers that have vending, and that's really a function what their underlying activity is. And the reason I call that out is really want to talk about the market, you know, the market share gains we're seeing in that group, in that there is a world of difference between what our fasteners and our non-fasteners are doing and I look at those as two distinctly different businesses, but its really demonstrating how the growth potential of the latter. And so I'm not sure if I addressed your fasteners side question because fasteners and vending really don't go hand-in-hand, the reason I was talking about it is if the subset of our business with that group of customers that has vending, and I think its a pretty good proxy to their underlying activity.
Scott Graham: Right. No, I did understand what you  how you were framing that for us, so I just kind of wondering why at a minus five you would consider that market share gain?
Daniel Florness: No, no, I'm talking about the  the minus five is what is, what I would consider the market with that group of customers that relates to fasteners. The market share gain would be the fact that, that group of customers is growing at close to 3% and their non-fastener business is growing at close to 6%, 5.9% to be exact, that's clearly a market share gain, because that is not a rising tide in that customer.
Scott Graham: I got you.
Daniel Florness: But we're taking market from other people.
Scott Graham: All right. Got you. Okay. And on the share repurchases, is there now stock a little weak today and have been below 45 more than it's been about recently, is that an opportunity?
Daniel Florness: Yes, it is. We have  I believe 1.3 million under our current authorization. I have not had discussions with my board about going deeper than that. However what I found in the past is its a board willing to discuss it. And so I don't want to commit the board anything deeper than that, but its a case of -- we had a debt free balance sheet two and half, three years ago. The debt we have on the balance sheet has solely been from buying back of shares and our in an environment where we continue to pay dividend at a very similar rate that we paid in the past. And so we demonstrated willingness to do in the past  in the past, I believe the willingness would exist during the future and I'll couch it with one caveat. We are boringly Midwestern conservative and it took us some discussions to take on the first layer of debt that we did, but we also looked at it from a standpoint from a financial decision. I don't want to say it no-brainer, but it wasn't an easy decision. And I think I would had board that would be open to the conversation, but I've not had that conversation beyond the 1.3 authorization we have right now.
Scott Graham: Okay. And if you don't mind my squeezing one last question here. Is there any update that you can provide us for with on the store openings and closings for the rest of the year?
Daniel Florness: I would say the piece that you've seen in 2015 and 2016 as it relates to store closings. That remains. One of things that I believe its important to our business today is that everyday you rationalize your business with a view towards five to 10 years from now. Its a health exercise everyday are there markets where I believe we'll have more stores today than we -- five years from now we have to take absolutely, but there are markets where I believe in an environment we are adding on-sites where you are adding vending that our business might morph in certain markets. I'm not ready to you know commit to what that means, but it means that from an absolute number standpoint but from a philosophical perspective we are always looking at what is the best business model, what is the best structure to our channel to grow our business long term.
Scott Graham: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey Dan, just want to go back to June, you mentioned construction was a bit slower and that might continue, but the fastener number was pretty weak. And I'm just curious, can you flush that out a little bit, what drove that weakness, is that temporary? And then just comment, you had a pretty weak May and June, is the industrial economy still stabilizing your mind or are things maybe potentially getting a bit worse here?
Daniel Florness: I think they potentially got a little bit worse. And sometimes that's a hard one to gauge Ryan because a lot of our internal information as it relates to some of the plant shutdowns is more anecdotal of talking to our regional VPs around the country and kind of getting from them a feel for what we are seeing or what the impact is, but very much a weakening. In the case of the construction question you raised, the point I was making there is the fact that we saw it particularly weak with energy customers and I don't know that there is enough, I don't know if the overprice is such that there is a -- that there's going to be a rush back to any kind of new construction there, new activity there I think some will be ideal for a period of time. In the case of fasteners, again that was very much related, that was amplified by the fact that with some large customers that were shut down and it really hit the radar. And that's what you really see when that shut down occurs it hits the OEM faster, because they are shutting down their production. They are still doing some maintenance, so you might not see it in the non-fastener, but you see it in the fastener number.
Ryan Merkel: It's strange I guess to hear about shutdown in June and then there is going to be yet more shutdowns in July, is this just the
Daniel Florness: Its different customers. And that June was a spell over the Memorial Day week.
Ryan Merkel: Got you, okay.
Daniel Florness: But it's different customers.
Ryan Merkel: Right, okay. And then I guess on the July commentary you already mentioned that you saw some weakness and shutdowns around the fourth. You know can you just help us I guess qualitatively I know you don't like to talk about the current months, but you know is it going to show up in the July numbers, do we need to consider it for modelling purposes, I guess should we think about normal sequential possibly missing that again in July?
Daniel Florness: The June had some big impacts and so from a sequential perspective I'm not willing to concede that enormous sequential won't be there. I honestly don't know Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Right.
Daniel Florness: But I'm not -- necessarily willing to concede it because some of the shutdowns which were extended in June they are back in full force now, and so that will give us some lift from June to July and I don't even want to speculate on July fourth week.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, fair enough. I guess just lastly with on-sites do you have enough examples now that you could be pretty confident the store is going to replace the loss sales to on-site?
Daniel Florness: We don't have enough time yet.
Ryan Merkel: Okay.
Daniel Florness: We believe it to be true, history has said it's true but that history is on a relatively small sampling and but its enough that we think its -- if you think of what's really happening is we are taken existing relationship and we are stepping deeper into the business and we have proven history that says we can grow faster with that customer. Let's say the part about the remaining stores, you have a $100,000 store that we pull a $30,000 customer out of it and it becomes a $70,000 store. I believe based on history a $70,000 store can grow faster than a $100,000 store and I believe with the market presence they already have, they will have the ability to stand back quickly. But that's to say we are completely wrong and that, that 70,000 residual store can't grow any faster. I think what we are doing with that $30,000 customer is the right decision regardless of the aftermath, but that other 70,000 of business won't be harmed by carving that customer out, it can only be helped.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, good morning.
Daniel Florness: Hi, Adam.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, I guess the first question is a clarification for Sheryl; you had gone through some of the cost drivers for the quarter between you know employee occupancy and transport. I guess, could you tell us what the year-over-year expense increase was for each of those categories just for the second quarter please?
Sheryl Lisowski: Yes I will. Year-over-year and the employee cost were up about $7 million. Occupancy year-over-year was up about $6 million, transportation expenses year-over-year were up about $1.2 million.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thank you. And then back to the gross margin question, you know from earlier historically that the second half has been a bit weaker than what we have seen in the second quarter and you guys have provided some good detail on the inventory write down headwinds that you have in the second quarter. I guess beyond that are there any other items that we should keep in mind as to being perhaps you know tailwind or additional headwinds through gross margin, just for the back half of the year.
Daniel Florness: Well I guess the primary tailwind would be the piece of the activity in the second quarter that I believe is largely left behind us which is about 10 basis points. Short of that it's about what we do is from an execution standpoint and what happens to our fastener business.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. Thanks very much.
Daniel Florness: With that, I see we're at actually 46 minutes past the hour. Again want to thank everybody for taking time this morning to listen to the Fastenal earnings call, and for the vision and perspective portion and I think is important, we will do better. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Investor Relations Daniel Florness - President and Chief Executive Officer Sheryl Lisowski - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Robert McCarthy - Stifel Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Ryan Cieslak - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company Robert Barry - Susquehanna
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. At a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2016 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Sheryl Lisowski, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes and well start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2016 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the Companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the Companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the Companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those factors carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody and thank you for joining in on the first quarter 2016 Fastenal Company earnings call. Press release went out first in this morning. Hopefully you all saw as well we put our press release yesterday evening announcing our dividend, our second quarter dividend.  In the quarter, we grew our sales about 3.5%. We had the benefit of additional business day during the quarter. So on a daily basis, we grew about two. Our earnings per share grew just over 2%, primarily driven by the fact we had bought a considerable amount of our stock in the last 15 months, because our actual earnings were down slightly from a year ago. Bit of a noisy quarter in that the calendar had some stuff going on. We  the daily number which is what we typically report can be influenced positively or negatively by the change in year-over-year and the number of business days in a calendar month.  So, in January, it was a 20 day month versus 21, February we had an additional day, so it was a 21 versus a 20 and in March, we had an additional day, so it was a 23 versus the 22 and March also had Easter which had been in April in each of the last two years. I throw these in to the equation because they can influence the number. So if you look at our numbers as reported, in January, we grew at 3.3, daily average, February grew at 2.6 and March we dropped to 0.0, so we basically had no growth in the final month of the quarter.  If I factor in the day  the change in days, I think of the month as being, January we grew, between 2.5 and 3. February we probably grew closer to 3 and March we probably grew just under 1. If I add Easter into the equation that March number, probably as closer to a 2.  And so, I start the call by saying very pleased with the fact in January and February, we started out with a nice improvement after really struggling through the fourth quarter and struggling through the fourth quarter in the latter nine months of 2015 is more of a statement of what our customers were enduring as their business weakened, particularly those involved in the oil and gas industry and those involved in export.  But when I look at March, were a little disappointed in the month. The month weakened as we got through it. Easter is part of it. The calendar is part of it, but the month did weaken a little bit and so, it was a soft finish to the quarter. If I  there is really no other noise in the numbers because the acquisition we did last fall added about eight tenth to a percent to our number and FX removed about eight tenths. So other than the calendar there wasnt lot of noise.  Speaking of FX, really talking about our foreign business in general, one of the items that we touched on in the call centered on Canada. Canada has an economy thats very much influenced by commodities, particularly energy commodities, but commodities in general. That business for a lot of distributors had been struggling throughout 2015, ours included.  In the fourth quarter, our business in Canada grew using local currencies to removing the FX impact and local days our business grew about 4%. I am pleased to say that business improved in the first quarter and grew about 7%. I think that is probably a good teller of the underlying strength that we are seeing in that business and our execution. From a P&L perspective, and this is a lot of the comments that I share with our folks internally, sometimes you need to take a step back and look at what youve been investing in and what its translated into to help understand the puts and takes of your P&L. From 10,000 feet, the best way to think about the P&L was this, we added about $33 million in additional revenues in the first quarter of the last year to the first quarter of this year.  As you see in our published statements and you saw this in our fourth quarter and you saw it quite frankly throughout 2015, with the growth drivers we have in place, particularly the large account emphasis within our growth drivers, the larger our customer gets typically the lower the gross margins, because in many cases you are supplying a concentrated offering into a business.  Its a more competitive landscape, because its a more efficient landscape to operate and so our gross margin in that business is typically lower, but again its more efficient, so our operating expenses are lower as well. So as weve seen great success in that business, weve seen some trade-off in gross margin.  Also as we went through 2015, our fastener business was particularly hit by the slowdown in the economy and so we had some product mix as well as customer mix impacts to our margin and with the weaker environment, a very competitive landscape. So we did lose gross margin on a year-over-year basis.  Our gross margin was largely in line with the fourth quarter and that $33 million in additional revenue translated into about $7 million of additional gross profit because of the contraction in the gross margin. We talked a lot in 2014, the latter part of 2014 and 2015 about adding people to our store-base network.  As we got later into the year, we also talked about slowing down the growth and weve continued that discussion of slowing down the growth of people. We think we are to a point where our stores are well staffed and now we need the business to catch-up and quite frankly, get ahead of our headcount growth a bit.  But in the last 12 months, weve added about $5 million  excuse me, weve added about $12 million in additional payroll expense because of all the people weve added, because of lot  high percentage of our compensation is incentive-based. If I look at incentive compensation at the district, regional, national, local level, as well as profit-sharing type contributions, those are down on a year-over-year basis.  And so, about $7 million of the $12 million was funded by our collective group of employees and our payroll expenses are up about $5 million in total against $7 million of additional gross profit. We also been heavily investing in vending, heavily investing in on-site, heavily investing in growth drivers and our operating expenses outside of payroll were up about $5 million.  So total expenses are up about $10 million year-over-year and our earnings down about 3. We took on some debt in the last year, year-and-a-half to fund the buyback of stock options  or excuse me, stock. So our interest expense is about $1 million. So our earnings are down just under $4 million a year ago.  When I look at the investments we made in people and the investments we made in growth drivers for our business, I believe they are great investments for our business short-term and long-term.  However, we dont have the gross profit dollars in the short-term to pay for it and thats why we are holding tight on headcount as we go into the year and also why youll notice that we softened a bit our store opening expectations for the year. Then in the last year we decided a range of 60 to 75.  Weve pulled that down to a range of 40 to 60 while its still a meaningful number of stores we opened. We really felt given the top  all the growth drivers we had in place, it was a wise decision to slow that down a little bit.  Last November, we had an Investor Day. In that Investor Day, we really talked about more primary things, they centered on vending, our industrial vending deployment, talked about on-site where we set up a store inside the four walls of our customer. We talked about e-commerce, investments were making to make it easier for our customers to interact with us and we talked about what we call CSP 2016 and that was expanding the merchandizing that we have locally in our store to improve our ability to fulfill on a same-day basis, to improve the spectrum of customers we would appeal to, frankly to improve our business.  When I look at our progress on those, I am extremely pleased with what weve done, not only in the fourth quarter, but what weve done in the first quarter. From a vending perspective, we really talked about the team we were adding. So we added about 230 people to drive the optimization of our vending, to drive the signing of our vending, and to drive the efficiency of vending.  When I look at where we are at the end of March, about 60% of our machines have now been optimized. When we talked about it last November at the Investor Day, we are at about 11.  So weve made great progress on that and really what it translates into is a better utilization of our vending platform within our customer business, but also a better value proposition for our customer, because we know products that goes through a vending machine lowers the consumption, lowers the waste, and lowers the expense for our customer and we think thats a winning combination in our business.  About 80% of our store locations use the vending tab and what that is and we talked about this on our Investor Day that is a better integration of the vending within our own point-of-sale platform. It helps our store personnel be more efficient with the replenishment. It helps streamline the supply chain and weve made great progress on that and thats going to serve us well as we go into 2016 and beyond. As important to those two pieces, our pace of signings improved. In the first quarter of 2015 and the fourth quarter of 2015, we signed roughly 4000 vending devices. In the first quarter, that number improved, we signed about 4700. So I think we are off to a great start and thats an important growth driver to our business. In the case of on-site, last year we signed about 82 on-sites. Our historical run rate, our pace of annual signings was about nine. So we took a big leap forward in 2015. In fall of 2015, at our Investor Day we talked about a lofty goal. We said our goal is 200 signings of on-sites in 2016.  In the first quarter, we signed 48, frankly that number is better than I was expecting. I was very hopeful coming into the year, wed have a number that wed start with a four, because I knew that was a big step-up from the run rate we had in the latter half of 2015. Our team came through and worked with our customers and signed additional 48. Those will turn on as we go through the year. But I am very optimistic about our on-site program as we go through the balance of the year.  E-commerce, as I mentioned is more about the ease of our customer ability to interact with us. There will be more updates on that in future meaning thats more of a  when I think of a late 2016, 2017, 2018 type of item.  And then finally CSP 2016, we made a hard push late in the year. Weve continued that hard push. We currently have just under a 1000 locations converted to the CSP 2016 format. And I believe, when we get to the end of the second quarter, that number will be closer to 1700 or 1800 number that are substantially converted which position us well not only for the efficiency of our business, but our ability to appeal to a broader range of customers and fulfill their needs as we go into the summer. With that, I am going to turn it over to Sheryl to talk a little bit more in detail about the quarter.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning. I am going to provide an update on our cash flow. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was 128% of net earnings, compared to 141% of net earnings during the first quarter of 2015. The operating cash flow is slightly lower in the first quarter of 2016 due to our current initiative to add additional products into our store inventory under our CSP 2016 format.  The Q1 operating cash flow also benefited by minimal tax payments occurring in the first quarter, that will reverse itself in the second, third and fourth quarter of the year. Our operational working capital year-over-year inventory growth was approximately $97 million. The main drivers of the increase in the inventory were driven by the CSP 2016 initiative which was approximately 35% in the increase.  International inventory growth and the acquisition of Fasteners Inc. contributed approximately another 25% of the increase and then the last main driver was the on-site and large customer impacts which were approximately an increase of 10%.  We also disclosed in our earnings release that we had previously indicated our net capital expenditures would be approximately $120 million in 2016. We now believe, given the new vending locker lease agreement and a strong start to vending signings in the first quarter, that we will have total net capital expenditures of approximately $197 million to $200 million in 2016. We do plan to fund this increase as well as add some of our previously planned capital expenditures with the proceeds of our proposed private placement of debt.  During the first quarter of 2016, we purchased approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $37.15 per share for a total of approximately $59 million and during the last seven quarters, we have purchased 8.7 million shares of our stock or approximately $396 million worth of stock, which represents about 3.3% of our outstanding shares from the start of this timeframe.  As Dan mentioned earlier, last night we announced a dividend of $0.30 per share. This will be our second quarter dividend for the year. So we have strong cash flow and we are optimistic about our cash flow potential throughout the year.  And with that, I will open it up to questions from the group.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey : Hi, good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning, Dave.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning. 
David Manthey : First of all, in terms of the new on-sites that you turned on last year, can you estimate how additive to growth these  the on-sites that we are operating in the first quarter of 2016 were?
Daniel Florness: Probably the way I think about it Dave  the numbers start getting a little bit double counting when you look at the vending and you look at the on-site. The best way to look at it is, when I think of the districts that are signing on-sites, districts that added on-site last year are growing double-digits right now.  The districts that did not are growing low single-digits. We really look at the on-site business as being, when we go and sign on an on-site, what Christian talked about last fall, in our Investor Day was we really believe that when we exit a 12 months period after rolling out the on-site.  We have on-sites that turned on throughout the year, so thats where the numbers start getting a little muddy. But we really believe based on our data that when we exit the 12 months period, we will add close to $80,000 to $120,000 of additional monthly revenue on a per on-site basis.
David Manthey : Got it. Okay, and then second on pricing and gross margin, you mentioned that fastener pricing being lower, if you could quantify that and then if you saw anything in across the other 60% plus of your product lines and as it relates to gross margin and there is some timing issues with the FIFO inventory and so forth, but typically, first quarter gross margin is the highest of the year and then it declines from there or its lower through the rest of the year. Is that your expectation for this year or are there other factors in 2016?
Daniel Florness: Our expectations, given where our growth is coming from is that, 50% is probably a good target number for us to have. There is  when I look at the components of our gross margins, couple of things that were going on in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, it was in the declining mode as we were going through the fourth quarter, quite frankly declining mode throughout 2015.  We really saw the stabilization start to occur in the February, March timeframe from a standpoint what was going on with gross margin. So, I were to believe when I look out through the balance of the year, 50% is probably a better target.  When I look out long-term, its really going to be a function more of how successful we are with the on-site program. So that will materially change longer-term our customer mix, but its very attractive an ability to grow the business long-term and the operating leverage long-term.
David Manthey : And on the pricing, Dan, the fact that price
Daniel Florness: Sorry, yes, what we were seeing through most of last year is deflation somewhere in that 1.5% to 2% neighborhood. We are still operating in that zone. As far as the cost coming through, we are starting to see some lower cost now. Our overall inventory turns about twice a year.  The fastener piece of our inventory turns slower than that. The non-fastener piece turns faster than that and so some of the lower cost we are starting to see come through our cost of goods now. As it relates to the non-fastener product, I would say that area is pretty quiet. Any changes we have in pricing there would be solely related to customer mix and not to whats going on in the underlying product. 
David Manthey : Got it. Thanks. Dan.
Daniel Florness: You bet, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Your line is open. 
Robert McCarthy : Hi, good morning, Dan. How are you doing today?
Daniel Florness: Good, good morning, Rob. 
Robert McCarthy : So, I guess, in terms of April, I mean, I think you did take some pay-ins to kind of talk about the noise of the quarter in terms of not only the days of the Easter shift, but how should we think without commenting on April in terms of the demand trends because you havent disclosed it yet. Just, how do we think about the impact of the normalization for Easter? Would we think about a point benefit for April, or how do we think about in terms of the days in the Easter shifts?
Daniel Florness: Thats how I think about it. When I  if you walk through the math, I walk through on the March, so hey, here is the ugly part of Easter moving. I think it took a point, maybe a point two out of March, you should see the flip side of that going in April.
Robert McCarthy : Okay. And, why dont you remind us on what the days is in April, year-over-year, in terms of the difference?
Daniel Florness: In the second quarter, Sheryl, you can correct me if I am wrong, in April, we are at 21 versus 22 a year ago.
Sheryl Lisowski: Thats correct.
Daniel Florness: May, we are at 21 versus 20 a year ago and June its a push at 22. 
Robert McCarthy : Got it. Okay, and then, I guess, as a follow-up, in terms of what you are seeing in terms of industrial vending growth, are you still kind of committed kind of to that kind of 16,000 in deployments for the full year and I think you saw in your  your highlight is interesting statistic in association with your vending which was basically, your daily sales to customers to industrial vending grew about, 3.6 in the first quarter of 2016 and then daily sales of non-fastener products to customers of vending grew 7.4% but daily sales of fasteners to customers of vending contracted 5.5%.  So, I guess the question is, obviously, a lot of your business goes whether vending, its not fasteners, but what do you account for that kind of contraction? And I am referring to, I think the final paragraph on the second page of the press release. 
Daniel Florness: Yes, yes. When I think of vending, your data on with your comment or your question and comment about, vending is really about our non-fastener business. Vending really isnt used for dispensing of fasteners, now there is some extension of vending that over time are how our beanstalk for things like that will include  will incorporate essentially some of the vending type technology for replenishment cycle.  But vending is about non-fasteners and so, weve done a great job deploying vending to our existing customers over the last five years. And the fastener piece is about their economic activity and our ability to take market share. And I think the story, when I look at the fastener piece is about the economic activity.  The non-fastener piece is about the activity and our ability to grow and deploy vending. So we can have a customer whose business in the fastener piece is down because we have a great market penetration already in their business off. But we can grow the non-fastener piece because of vending, because we are deploying a better supply chain to our customer, because when I think about our deal with our customer.  And what our customer truly needs is, put yourself in the shoes of the purchasing manager, the plant manager. They live in a world where there is constant demands on them for improvement. They are working with fewer resources everyday. So what they need from their supplier isnt just great fulfillment. I think thats a starting point.  They need a better supply chain partner and in the case of vending and in the case of beanstalk and in the case of our on-site model, we are a better supply chain partner and we highlight this point because it demonstrates that even in a weak economy, we can grow our business, because we are a better supply chain partner for our customer.
Robert McCarthy : Thanks for your time. 
Daniel Florness: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open. 
Adam Uhlman : Hi, good morning. Thank you. 
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman : I guess, if we go just back and talk about the cash flow outlook to the year, it seems like we have been growing demands on cash from the CSP 2016 rollout, additional stores are added, the vending growth kind of unfolds through the year. Can you help me understand better I guess, how much debt do you expect to take on to fund these growth investments and at what point do you start to pull back on the other CapEx projects?
Daniel Florness: Well, Ill answer the last part and Sheryl can answer the numbers part, but as far as pulling back on the other projects, I dont really, the biggest thing that we  the only thing that weve pulled back on kind of just is, we slowed down a bit the pace of store openings.  But other net, I dont really see us pulling back on the initiatives that well have in place, as we talked about in 2015, a lot of the big, big initiatives we had from a CapEx standpoint are in our rear, I am talking about automation of our distribution of centers and the initial build of growing of vending  of creating and growing our vending business. So I dont see a lot of other pullback, but Sheryl you can touch on the exact numbers. 
Sheryl Lisowski: Sure. So we are still  as we are projecting our cash flow for the year, we feel very confident that operating cash flow will continue to exceed historical percentages of net earnings.  Our total CapEx, it will be a little bit higher than the historical percentage of net earnings due to the increase in our vending spend for the year and our free cash flow will continue to fall within the historical percentage of net earnings throughout the year. So we are still very confident that we have adequate cash flow to continue to support our initiatives throughout the year. 
Adam Uhlman : Okay, thanks. And then, Sheryl, could I just follow-up on the bad debt expense for the quarter, could you talk through what you guys are seeing there and the expectations going forward?
Sheryl Lisowski: Yes, we continue to see our bad debt expense trends to historical norms. We are not seeing a significant increase in bankruptcies or anything that causes us creates alarm or concern. Pretty quiet I guess quarter from that perspective and so, really no surprises from our end. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Cieslak with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ryan Cieslak : Hi, good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Ryan Cieslak : Dan, sorry, if I missed this, but, do you have sort of an initial view of how April is trending for you right now? I know its early or in two weeks in, maybe excluding the benefit you might get from how Easter fell in the extra day or so in the quarter. Is it gotten any better from  I think I heard you right, you said the quarter ended off soft. I guess, I would be curious to know just the sequential trend so far into April?
Daniel Florness: Yes, whenever I touch on the current month, I am always wrong and the question is how much. I dont know that was basically a weekend to the month that we had some chance to look at the data, I dont think its meaningful not even talk and tell something about it, so I am going to defer that and tell early May when we report it. 
Ryan Cieslak : Okay, fair enough. And then, I think last quarter, you had talked about discretionary spending being down and a headwind and in the release today, you mentioned a slight improvement. I would be curious maybe just some more color around that how the discretionary spending looked in the first quarter relative to maybe a normal first quarter or your expectations coming out of the fourth quarter? And how much of a drag on gross margins was that this quarter relative to the fourth quarter? 
Daniel Florness: Sure. The commentary on that, both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter is as much art as it is science and the team that analyzes all of our sales data slices and dices it about 18 ways to Sunday and one of the things that John taught for them was they looked at frequency of items and stuff thats purchased in a less frequent basis, how that was performing in the fourth quarter and we did see a drop-off in that.  We saw some of that comeback as we got into February, didnt see much of it in January and  but Id say its still kind of tepid. I think there is a lot of organizations out there, similar to comments I started the conversation with about what we are doing with headcount, what we are doing with expenses in general, what we are doing with store openings. A lot of organizations out there have their belts really tightened down and I think you are seeing that coming into the New Year holding pretty firm. 
Ryan Cieslak : And is there a way of things.
Daniel Florness: To quantify it, this is from the hip number but, I dont know, 10 basis points. 
Ryan Cieslak : Okay. 
Daniel Florness: But thats more of a guess. 
Ryan Cieslak : Gotcha. Now, thats helpful. And then, as really quick as if I may, Id just be curious to know, at the Investor Day, you had talked about, maybe a greater appetite for M&A this year in  maybe just sort of an update on what you are seeing there with regard to maybe some M&A opportunities for you guys in 2016?
Daniel Florness: Sure. Well, late in 2014, we started to take  probably a more serious look rather than stumbling upon the stuff periodically lets take a little more serious look at it. We looked at a bunch of companies last year, one of them that we met early in the year in April, be exact, that we ended up acquiring later in the year. There is a few companies we are in discussions with right now.  And we are constantly looking both on the distribution side as well as some of the support service side that might be a manufacturing entity or some other type of support service for our stores. Only time will tell how that plays out. I think the biggest thing is that we are open to it and we are actively looking rather than just seeing what, jumps up and hits us. But nothing in the works. 
Ryan Cieslak : Okay, thanks for the time. 
Daniel Florness: You bet. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel. Your line is open, with William & Blair.
Ryan Merkel : Hey guys. Good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning, Ryan.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel : So, back to March, Dan, is there anything that stood out to drive the softer finish either by customer or geography?
Daniel Florness: You know, geography, only thing that stood out there is that we did continue to see weakening deeper than we probably would have expected or maybe better way to say hope for when we are looking at it back in the latter part of 2015, but the oil and gas areas did continue to weaken when I look at it on a sequential basis and time will tell if some of the recent pricing influence is that positive in the upcoming months, but it continue to weaken.  But setting that aside, the month finished very poorly with five days, six days, seven days, eight days, less than a month, I felt wed be closer to 2% and the month really deteriorated late. And thats probably a function  thats probably described some things that we saw in the patterns of our larger account base, because they tend to be somewhat loaded little bit towards the back end of the month. But, frankly a weak finish.
Ryan Merkel : Okay. And I mean, should this frame our thinking at all, as we think about April or would you just have us adjust March for Easter and then just you saw a normal sequential, is that sort of the best way to think about April at this point? 
Daniel Florness: Thats how I am thinking about it.
Ryan Merkel : Okay. And then, on the macro, in the press release, you said you are seeing some improvement but an economy that is still very weak. Where are seeing the improvements? And then, when you talk to customers, are they optimistic that we found a bottom for industrial demand or is that still real optimistic at this point? 
Daniel Florness: You know, on the latter part, I dont know. One thing that I will have the benefit of, this week is our National Customer Show and so well have little over 5000 customers over a three day period in meeting with suppliers, meeting with our employees, meeting with our on-site folks, all of our teams, our vending folks, et cetera.  So, Ill be at more of a chance to get a pulse on that this week, this afternoon I am leaving to that show myself. But when I think of what are some of the positives, in the fourth quarter that was probably a bleak a period is you could see and I was not hesitant to share my thoughts on it during the fourth quarter, but our fasteners as an example were down about 6% in the fourth quarter.  In the first quarter, they are down around two. Our non-fasteners were struggling in the fourth quarter and I dont have the exact stat in front of me, I am sorry. But, they improved to mid-single-digits, upper single-digits in the first quarter. And so, we saw generally speaking an improvement in our business and thats I think what we are really talking about.  I think what we see is, the business in January, February and I cant quite say that for March, but in January, February, felt more like where we were in October and I think if I look at the last five or six months, I really think the outliers was the extreme weakness we saw in November and December and I think that was a function of companies thats shutting down around the holidays more extensively than normal. March, only April and May will start to answer for us what really happened in March. 
Ryan Merkel : Right, very good. Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Robert Barry : Hey guys, good morning. 
Daniel Florness: Good morning, Rob.
Sheryl Lisowski: Good morning.
Robert Barry : Wanted to circle back to the gross margin. So the pace of decline last year, 40, 50 basis points a quarter, now were looking at down 100. Just curious what drove that kind of step change in the pace of decline?
Daniel Florness: You mean, down 10 on a sequential, when you talk about pace?
Robert Barry : On a year-over-year basis?
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Robert Barry : Like weve been tracking down 40, 50 and now we are down 100.
Daniel Florness: Yes, you know, there is a number of things. One, our growth is primarily coming from large accounts and that deepened as we went through the year. Its primarily coming from  if I think of our sales number in the weakness, when you  weve done a nice job of signing new customers both on-sites and traditional national account customers that arent on-site.  When you are doing a nice job taking market share, you are turning on a lot of new business and thats  lot of times when you are turning on a lot of new business, you do get some short-term mix issues going on in that you  a new large customer isnt at average margins for that group on day one, because it takes you time, six, nine, and 12 months to work through some of the hiccups in the system of finding the best source of supply, finding the best part match for this item when you are turning on new business and typically you have your existing business that is supporting that, because that existing business, youve done a better job of improving your supply chain already.  If you think of whats really hurting us right now is from a revenue and revenue growth perspective, we are doing a wonderful job signing new national accounts. We are doing a wonderful job signing on-sites. We are doing a wonderful job signing vending and growing those pieces of business. So we are taking market share at a very good cliff. Whats causing us the struggle is our existing book of business, our existing customers are struggling in a weak environment. And so, the more mature component of our business is going backwards.  And that more mature piece has a better gross margin profile, because if Ive had a customer  excuse  for two or three years, I have already in many cases established a best part, so lot of the best source of supply to serve that customers needs and thats in my mix and that mix has weakened right now.  So thats a piece of it. The other piece of it is, on an execution standpoint, we slipped a little bit as we went through 2015, we slipped a little bit on the freight, how good we are on our freight expense versus our freight that we charge a customer. Part of that I think it became more difficult for our stores operates effectively given that fuel prices were lower.  Fuel price is an important part of our distribution cost, but its not the only component, but it might make it harder for you to charge freight on this item or that. And the fact that its a weak environment, its a competitive marketplace. I feel we are at a point where our gross margins are stable from a sequential standpoint. But thats still has been a painful process on a year-over-year basis. There is no question about that. 
Robert Barry : Yes, actually, I did want to just follow-up and clarify that. So its your expectation that you can hold the gross margins stable here now at about 50?
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Robert Barry : As we look in the next few quarters?
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Robert Barry : And I guess, my questions would be, whats changing as we move forward because the pace of decline seems to be accelerating as you say on-sites gaining traction, national accounts gaining traction, the product and customer mix issues have been there, theyll probably continue to be there. So whats going to, kind of diminish the pace of decline in the gross margin? What are the offsets?
Daniel Florness: I think the biggest one is, well, I think the biggest one is, the offset weve had in the last 12 months, you had dramatic weakening of our existing customer base and thats hurt our gross margin because that business where we have a very, very established efficient source of supply and so thats put a pinch on that.
Robert Barry : Yes. 
Daniel Florness: I believe the pace of that deterioration is slowing and I think that shines through in what you are seeing whats happening in our fastener business, in our non-fastener business from a growth perspective. So I think thats the wildcard.
Robert Barry : Yes. Just to clarify, Dan, at this point, because I think there is some confusion out there, what product lines at this point are accretive to the gross margins? Is it just the maintenance fasteners, or is it all fasteners? Or how would you describe that?
Daniel Florness: Id say its probably, it probably leans towards the maintenance as well as the construction fasteners in many cases.
Robert Barry : Yes. I think you said the maintenance was 40% of the business. How much of the business - of the fastener business is the construction base? 
Daniel Florness: Thats a relatively small piece.
Robert Barry : Yes. Okay.
Daniel Florness: I dont have the exact stat front of me, but relatively small, single-digits.
Robert Barry : Got you, fair enough. Thank you, Dan. 
Daniel Florness: Thank you. With that, I see we are at 9:44. Hopefully there wasn't anybody else in queue that didn't get to ask a question. I'll finish the call the same way I started the call. Thank you for taking time this morning to listen to our first quarter earnings call. I hope you find our earnings release today as well as our 10-Q which I believe will be out later in the week to be informative of helping to understand the Fastenal story.  I also invite anybody thats interested to either make a trip to Winona next Tuesday for our Annual Meeting or listen to it in our webcast. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - IR Dan Florness - President and CEO
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company Robert Barry - Susquehanna David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Chris Dankert - Longbow Research Ryan Cieslak - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. At a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2015 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Dan Florness, our President and Chief Executive Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. It will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2016 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Florness.
Dan Florness: Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. 2015 was a tough year for our customers. As the year progressed and as we reported our various quarters, we touched on how that was playing out and I think the best way to look at 2015 is to look at a subset of customers where we have a substantial market share presence with and that's our top 100 customers. That group represents about 24% of our revenues and it isnt about that group, what's going on in that group? It's about what's going on there relative to what we've seen in the past. If I look at that top 100 group of customers and look at it over the last four years, history says at any given point in time, 75% -- 75 of those 100 customers should be growing. And the reason that number is high as it is, is because of the growth drivers that Fastenal has at its disposal between our store operation, our vending operation and all the other things we can bring to our customer's table. In the first quarter of this year, 72 of our top 100 customers grew. In the second quarter, that dropped to 63. In the third quarter that dropped to 56. In the fourth quarter, that dropped to 49. So in the fourth quarter, half of our top 100 customers grew and half contracted. In the month of December to amplify that a little bit, 41 of our top 100 customers grew and 59 contracted. The next thing I looked at is try to gauge of the customers that are contracting, how severe is their pain. And history says, of the 25 that are contracting, about half of that number, about 13 will contract more than 10%. And about half of that number again, about six are going to contract more in 25%. And with that last group that's really a sign of the severity of their pain and whats going in their industry. We sell across the continent around the planet, most of our business is in North America and we sell to a lot of different industries. And when you start looking through the list, of lot of names that you recognize standout and you can see the pain they are feeling in their business. In the first quarter that 13 that are down more than 10 and the six that are down more than 25, look like our numbers, we have 13 and three and have bucket. By the third quarter that had slid to 32 of our customers that were down, were down more than 10% and 17% of those were down more than 25. After looking at that debt in the third quarter on our third quarter call in October, when Will and I went through our commentary on the quarter, you get question of wisdom of the statement but I made the statement that the industrial economy is in recession and I used this as my reference point. Again you could question the wisdom of saying of it loud but in the fourth quarter 37 of our top 100 customers were down more than 10%. 22 of that group were down more than 25%. There is one customer in that group where we didn't lose some business because of acquisitions other than that, this has pained those customers are feeling as they progress through calendar 2015. In the month of December -- November and December I noted in earning release, we saw some shutdowns of our customers. We really saw that in the month of December. In the month of December, the Monday before Christmas looking at the numbers and consulting with a few of our folks internally about what they were seeing in the trends. And trends looked a lot like 2014 in that, the Monday before Christmas, I felt we had a very good chance of having sales being flat December to December. And in the ensuing days, the balance of that week and then the week between Christmas and New Year quickly saw that erode as customers were falling off in their business activity and we produced a number we reported this morning. The start of January and again you could question the wisdom of making this commentary with -- as of yesterday, our month of January is trending, it looks like there is a potential for us to be positive in the month of January. A lot can change between now and the end of the month as we saw in the month of December. We don't have holidays but we do have weather. But as of the 14th, we are trending in a pattern it looks like we should be able to tread water, it would be slightly positive and time will tell how that plays out. The next item probably Ill note in the earnings release is our gross margin. Long term trends that we talked about on previous calls that we talked about on our Investor Day in over November aren't changed. One thing we did see in the quarter and I was most -- in November and December, as our customers were tightening their belts, we saw a layer of transactions just evaporate from our business. And the layer transactions -- if you look at our business, they are stuff that we sell every day. Vending is a perfect example of -- examples of products we sell every day through our store operations, through our regular sales channel, through our bin stocking and our OEM stocking, those products that we sell every week and every month. There is also a subset of products that we sell on a less frequent basis. Some of those out of our stores, some of those over distribution centers. A piece of that -- a layer of that transaction disappeared and that's higher margin business for us and our gross margin drop was largely attributed to that disappearing. That's the bad news, the good news I believe we did not see a structural change in our gross margin. Time will tell if that layer returns and how much it returns. I am hopeful and expecting that it'll largely will. On the expense side, this is -- I officially became CEO on January 1 of this year and from a practical standpoint after the Board informed me of the decision, mean Ill stepping in the role in mid-October. Will and I take in a bit but this quarter was largely under my watch and I think from an expense standpoint, we frankly did a mediocre job and I put that squarely on my shoulders. Full time and part time expense trends and I am looking at -- our biggest expense on the P&L after cost of goods is people. We have just over 20,000 employees with fourth quarter and the seasonality of our business this is not secret to anybody who owns our stock and its not secret to anybody who works at Fastenal. In 2014, if I look at our expense trends for full time headcount from Q3 to Q4, we managed it well. There is always some attrition in the business. We try not to replace that attrition in the fourth quarter. And in the fourth quarter of last year our full time dollars paid, and this is base pay only, dropped about 0.3%. Our part time, we can manage hours quite well and as we typically go into the post Thanksgiving season, we see our expenses falling off because there is less work to do and therefore we need fewer hours. In last year from Q3 to Q4, our expense dropped about 13.5% for our part time labor. In total, our expense was down about 2.5% -- 2.4% to be exact. In 2015, full time headcount crept up little bit to  increased about 3.5%, our part time dropped about 4.5%. I'm throwing a lot of percentages out here and it's not about the percentages and quite frankly it's not even about the expense itself. It's about managing the business through the seasonality of the year and we could have done a better job. In total, our labor costs were down from Q3 to Q4 but that's really more of a functional - when we dont do a good job, the leaders of our business after district, the region and to national levels as well as our supported years feel the impact of that in their bonus program. Our bonus programs are largely mechanically produce number and so our overall expenses were down despite the fact we didnt manage the expense well but they could have been done more. The message I have conveyed to our regional and national leadership is, right now we are in uncertain economy. We made substantial investments in calendar 2015. We added about 1700 people into our stores. We added about 2300 people into our organization in general. We are well staffed. To that end, I would expect our headcount to not grow between now and March 31. As we see some stabilization -- just assuming we see some stabilization and we believe there is reason for that - believe to be there. As we see stabilization well revisit our willingness to make investments in both store and support areas as were going to the New Year. If I look at the rest of our SG&A expense, we did a nice job on the occupancy side. The increase in that area was solely related to vending. As I have talked about in the past, I see that as a good -- a good expense increase because we know vending what touches our business, improves our interaction, our interface, our engagement with our customer and improves our growth. For those of you that -- Im approaching this conference call in the vein of, I've stepped out my CFO role, and Im stepping into the CEO role. So Im trying to avoid the weeds as much as possible probably got into a bit with the last few set numbers, some things try to change habits. I will point out one thing, if you look at expense trends, our history as said from Q4 to Q1, we are going into winter and the last week here in Minnesota it's been sub zero, so winter is definitely here. I typically expect to see our utilities increased about 2.3 million from Q4 to Q1 and that's solely related to heating locations that I throw it out there for those of you that find net of interest. We also have an item that we highlighted or several items we highlighted in the positives and negatives of our earnings release. We made the decision -- and we'd been venting this around for a number of months -- a number of quarters. But we made the decision to close down our joint venture manufacturing facility or to accept participating in our joint venture manufacturing facility in Brazil. We had several other disputes unrelated to that that we also resolved during the quarter. The tally of all those items was about $4 million impact to the quarter. I thought it was worth the permit. Finally lets talk about 2016 and some of the things we've told you to prepare for 2016. At our Investor Day in early November, we had a great participation for those of you that made it. Thank you for attending. For those of you that had the opportunity to listen to it, I hope you found it informative. We've really focused on four day -- four items that day. The one was our FAST Solutions our Industrial Vending Program. That's not new to anybody that weve grow that business wonderfully over the last five years. Were very excited about that business and when I look at that business today, about 45% of our districts in the company have more than 200 machines in their business scattered across 10, 11, 12 stores. We made the decision that at this stage in our -- in our Fastenal vending business, we wanted to place more dedicated resource within our districts to support that business and really challenged them in a two-prong attack. The first one was what we called optimizing of our machines and thats really looking at the data across these 200 machines, 300 machines, 100 machines stay on the district that youre looking at. Looking at those machines and optimizing the machines. The method is really quite simple when you think about our Helix machines and most of the machines our there are Helix and that is if we want a machine to do pick a number $1500 a month and every time a coil spins on average it drops $5 worth of product. That means in the course of a month, we need to spin a coil 300 times in that machine. 20 days in the month, 15 times a day a coil needs to spin and we need to look at the product that's in that machine and says can we get 15 spins a day? If we can, we know we have a home run. If we can't, we need to work to optimize the machine and thats what were doing right now. When we spoke to you in early November about 11% of our machines across the company had been optimized already, as of the end of December that number is up to 18% and the team that is driving that clearly it's everybody in the organization. Its the focus in the stores. Its our district managers. Its our regional leaders. Its focus involved in our vending program, but the actual dedicated team, we started the quarter with about 60 individuals. We added just over 130. So we have about 191. Our goal is to get to about 230 people to support our 260 district managers in North America. And the way we pay for that group is through optimization and were 18% all the way complete, but we have ways to go. After they get back to these, their next prong of attack will be helping to grow our signings, helping to grow that business. Its a wonderful business. Its a business when you truly inform your customer what it's about, it sells itself. The second half that we talked about is related to vending in our November Investor Day centered on the use of what we call our vending tab and thats really about the efficiencies behind the scene. While 13% of our stores we're using the vending tab and it's really how we replenish the machines and how automated that process becomes. As of the end of December were at 29% of our stores and now using the vending tab. The second item we talked about was a relatively new concept for us to talk openly about externally and that was our onsite program. History has said well add about nine a year. Its a program where we take a store and we essentially set up a store onsite inside the customers facility and it takes an engagement one step further even deeper than vending does. It changes the relationship with the customer. In the current year, we signed 82 onsites. Again our average was 9. Those 82 onsites came from 71 districts in the company. So it means presumably 10 people signed too. Those districts grew double digits and its so in 2015 the company grew 3.5% roughly for the year. The 71 districts on it if you average the group out, grew double digits in 2015 because they had a means to combat what the economy was doing to them. They grew their business. They took market share at even faster pace. Our goal as we enter 2015 -- 2016, excuse me, is to do 200. In the first -- as of -- through Wednesday of this week, weve signed five this month and if youd take that to the month, it would imply a run rate of about 12 or 13 for the month. If you take that times 12, it would imply a number just under 150. We have little ways to go, but I think were off to a good start and Im optimistic what this means for 2016, but as importantly for '17, '18, '19 and '20. This customer -- a specific business if I take our onsites, add to it what we call our strategic account stores, which is an onsite thats just down the street or near the customer, but not physically in the building, if you add this altogether, its about 16% of our business today. Im very optimistic about what this can be in the future because with our low cost model, we're uniquely designed as a business to go after it. The third item we touched on in November was eCommerce, our 2016 plans centered on our website roll out for Canada and then ultimately the U.S. Thats not really a 2016 story. Thats more of a 2017 story, but we wanted to provide an update on things that are in the works as it relates to the eCommerce strategy. And finally we talked about CSV 2016. That is a remerchandising of our stores. We converted about 800 stores to this format in the fourth quarter. We intend to do a similar number in the first. And really its about positioning our store locations to be even better equipped at same day service, at efficient replenishment for our customers and were excited about what that means for our future. With that, I will open it up to Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: Hey good morning. Dan, how are you?
Dan Florness: Good. Thanks.
Ryan Merkel: So starting with demand, I think you said there is reason to expect stabilization and Im wondering what signs are you seeing or is it just early January trend that makes you think we could see some stabilization?
Dan Florness: My comment Ryan is solely on the early January trends and what we were seeing in December before we saw the business just dial down.
Ryan Merkel: And that was kind of the first two weeks of December were tracking fairly good and it was really just the last two weeks that may have been impacted by the shutdowns and just the tighter spending by customers, which could be a transitory issue. Is that the summary?
Dan Florness: Yes, and time will tell if Im seeing that number -- seeing that in the data because I want to or if its truly there, but with 10 days left in the month, our trends were looking a lot like last year.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Well then my second question is in the press release you mentioned 2015 started slow because of oil and gas, but then as the year progressed, it spread into other industries and other geographies that arent typically driven by oil and gas. So can you expand on this a bit? Has this broadening of the weakness may be stopped at this point based on everything youre seeing and hearing?
Dan Florness: The broadening related to everything from other industries that you dont normally associate with oil and gas that are impacted in other parts of the country, companies that are involved in export, just companies that are involved in really a weak industrial economy. I cant say that Ive seen the contingent change. One thing I have always said over the years is the history in this business, for Fastenal's business that is, the trends from January to October, the trends that really matter, November and December are months you go through, but history has said they're never really indicative of anything. We saw some patterns in November and December. I thought they were worth noting, but I dont think there is anything that weve learned in the last two months that tell us if its spreading, if its stabilized, other than what we saw with 10 days left in December and what were seeing in the first eight days or so of January. And again, I throw that out there only because when there is more uncertainty, I do believe and Ive always believed this that we have an obligation to maybe share a little more insight. And so were trying to share as much as we can, but always mindful of the fact that the month can change on a dime. One of the reasons we had never talked about January, in the January call, or we've done it very infrequently is that were always wrong. The question is how much, but I cant say that we know anything about the contagion.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah, I think its fair in the past extrapolating December hasnt been the right move. That month is goofy. So I think that that's fair. I guess just lastly, you think initiatives that you announced at the Investor Day could add maybe three to six points of sales growth in 2016. So I am wondering do we see that right away in January or is that build as we go through the year?
Dan Florness: Well I think that builds. If you think about it, in that discussion we talked about the concept of what 200 new onsites mean? And you really can count them half because if they're turning on throughout the year because the 82 onsites that we signed last year, not all those are operational yet. We have I believe 58 of the 82 are operational as of December because someone just signed in November and December and like a vending machine you sign it November, it might take you 60 days, 90 days to turn it on. It's about -- to me, it's about momentum, but as far as what it means for the year my belief of these growth drivers and what they mean for calendar 2016 is completely unchanged from what I believed in November. Lot of what I believe is -- I am a very practical person and what I believe is based on what I see in fact and what I see in fact is a tremendous advantage we have in the pieces we talked about in November, whether it be vending or onsite. Fastenal is uniquely situated, to go after those businesses unlike any other company out there because one of the things that I always tell our folks internally and I try to remember myself is I am world where everybody is talking about building the last mile in this online world, we're a company that's built the last mile already. It's a very efficient last mile and how can we take that last mile, take our employees at the store, take our employees that are supporting the store and together growth a great business and that's what we focus on.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Very helpful. Thank you.
Dan Florness: And Ryan I am going to look, I am going to keep you from working in a fourth one there.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna.
Robert Barry: Hey Dan, good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Just a quick follow-up actually on that and I really don't want to dwell on the first two weeks of January, but in assessing how to read it, there is a 500 basis point easier comp and one less selling day. So how does that factor into how we should interpret what you're seeing in January?
Dan Florness: The one less selling day helps our number. Maybe I don't know, 0.5%. I don't know, when we consider a month, you could probably look at and say yes, we were helped slightly from a daily basis by the fact that we have one less day.
Robert Barry: Yeah, what was your commentary about daily sales or
Dan Florness: My commentary was about daily sales. So maybe that means, if I am looking at it right now and thinking we'll be nominally positive, maybe that means we're flat. If you ignored out the day, but I guess the point wasnt about getting lost and it is a 40 basis point of growth or 40 basis points contraction. It was really about right trend we're seeing and again January and February in the northern half of the country, weather can change things dramatically, but I was trying to give a pulse on what we're seeing right now.
Robert Barry: Yeah, appreciate it. I think what I really wanted to focus was just on the gross margin commentary in the release you mentioned that substantially I think was the word all the year-over-year decline was on this lower discretionary spend. And you also in that paragraph talked about pressures from lower rebates and mix and deflation if it's all from lower discretionary spend, it doesnt seem to leave much room for those other factors. So I am curious like what the commentary is really kind of on gross margin and especially going forward, is there any reason to think that the trend will change in '16 versus what we saw in '15?
Dan Florness: Yeah, two hours ago, I had a call with our regional leaders to talk about what we're seeing and some things that we need to do on the gross margin front. And our team that really challenges our gross margin and finds opportunities for us to improve it had a lengthy discussion with them over the last two weeks and I said, you know what? What really happened? Did our gross margin structurally change or is there more to it because the usual suspects are still there. There is always a nominal impact in the fourth quarter based on what's going on with our rebates? What's going on with utilization of our trucking network? The same trucks are running in November and December that are running in October and September, but they're carrying fewer packages. So you always have some leakage there in our gross margin and depending on the year, if it's a strong year, you get a little lift form some of your suppliers allowances. Some years you get a little drag. So those are your suspects. The wild card in it is there were a layer of transactions that just disappeared and they disappeared. We saw them disappear in both November and December and that was shining through in our gross margin and that really was the cause of our gross margin change. I honestly don't know if that layer comes back in January and February. I don't know if the belts are really tight and start to come back for a few months or this is stuff that was needed and people were towards the end of their fiscal year and they just turned it off [the figures] [ph] and they just closed their PO books and they didn't buy anything. History -- I am firm believer that trends have meaning and if history says these transactions are there because the business needs them over time, I believe theyll return and I don't believe it's structural, but only time will tell.
Robert Barry: Yes, but does that mean the impact from deflation and mix and rebates was absent in the quarter?
Dan Florness: No, it means that most of the impact came from this piece. Not all of it. Most of the impact.
Robert Barry: Yeah. Okay. So it would imply that if it does rebound this discretionary spend that your best guess now is that the gross margin in '16 would be, I don't know, flattish or modestly down? Is that kind of your take?
Dan Florness: Well, my commentary really is centered on here is what we were in Q3, here is what we are in Q4 and here is the piece -- here is some of leakage, here is where it came from. I believe these transactions come back again. Nobody knows right now, but I believe theyll come back because I think businesses need these products, but we will be working to crawl back our gross margin every month of the year on the leakage we're seeing through the year. The long term trends are still there that we talked about. On the positive side, our ability to continue improving our trucking network, its utilization, this is over time. Our ability to drive our exclusive brands to channel spend with preferred suppliers, those positives are always there. The drag that comes if onsite truly takes off the way I believe it can over the next five, six, seven years, that's going to lower our gross margin over time, but it's also going to lower our operating expense over time because we like the onsite business, but in the short term, I believe this business resumes and returns.
Robert Barry: Dan, thank you.
Dan Florness: You bet Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey: Hey Dan, happy new year.
Dan Florness: Thanks Dave, you too.
David Manthey: So I guess, I'll stay on your favorite topic here gross margin, could you tell us in the fourth quarter were there any yearend accrual adjustments up or down that impacted the number? And second, could you quantify for us the average gross margin differential between national account customers and the rest of the business? And then finally last quarter, you mentioned about 2% price degradation on Fastenal and I am just wondering if you can give us an update on Fastenal pricing or other product pricing as well/
Dan Florness: Sure. The national accounts piece, the delta between that and the rest of our -- and our company average is really been unchanged for quite some time. There is a eight to ten point delta there. If it's an onsite that delta moves down, the margin there moves down into the 30s as we talked about and it's prevalent in that 16% of our business that is onsite or onsite like business in our existing mix. From the standpoint of the pressure on deflation, that's holding pretty steady to what we were seeing in the third quarter. I wouldn't say it's gotten worse. I wouldn't say it's gotten better. So I would say that's holding pretty steady and it was third piece sorry. I didn't jot the first one down.
David Manthey: Just any yearend accrual true-ups that impacted gross margin?
Dan Florness: Nothing outside of norm.
David Manthey: Okay.
Dan Florness: So is always little bit of noise, but nothing outside the norm.
David Manthey: All right. And then just one quick one here, the $4 million charge for this Brazil joint venture, could you tell us what that amount was after tax?
Dan Florness: Yes, the $4 million is not solely related to Brazil. We try to identify several things that were unusual in the quarter to get and again felt the need to give some insight. The after-tax piece of Brazil, that piece of itself and I dont want to get into the details of each one, but the after-tax number was bigger than the pretax number -- was not helped by the tax because weve been incurring losses in that business and therefore there is no tax benefit. So further right off was looking at what were going to net realize on that business because we're selling it to our partner for an amount. And then there is no tax benefit from that. So it actually impacted our tax slightly as well.
David Manthey: Okay. I guess we'll follow-up on the rest of that $4 million.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: Hi Dan, happy New Year.
Dan Florness: Happy New Year Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Just a clarification first, how much of your business would you describe as being that discretionary spend, the spotlight business that melted away?
Dan Florness: I dont have a definitive number for you. I would venture to guess and this is a little bit of guess, it's around that 10%.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thats helpful, thanks. And then, could you walk through how youre thinking about the cash flow for the year? There seems to be several moving pieces in terms of capital spending? I think you had previously guided that down somewhat materially for the year, but then you had the CSP 16 program thats coming through. You took up the dividend. I guess Im trying to think through, how much cash generation you think you can do and if you're planning on paying down debt?
Dan Florness: The CapEx as we talked about early November, we came in on a net basis because we sold our old distribution center up in Kitchener. So we had some proceeds there, but on a net basis, we spent about $145 million on CapEx in 2015, which was about a 15% drop from what we had seen in 2014, which was about a 8%, 9% drop from what we saw in 2013. And really what had happened is in -- back in 2011 timeframe, we had an Investor Day and we talked about how our CapEx was going to be going up. History has said our CapEx should be somewhere between 25% and 30% of our earnings. It's pretty good accurate number over a decade and we noted that for a multiyear period, that number was going to materially go up. And the two things that were really going to drive that increase centered on we putting automation into our distribution centers and today over 80% of our picking activity occurs in automated distribution centers. The most meaningful project we have right now we're placing -- we're adding automation into our distribution center in North Carolina. That's a 2016 project, but we were going to have about a three-year period where we're putting in a massive amount of automation and that came with a price tag and so that is largely behind us. This year our CapEx as it relates to facilities is centered on the North Carolina facility I talked about and then investments in Indianapolis related to manufacturing and expansion of our automated warehouse. The other piece was we were very optimistic what vending could be and we knew that we were going to be spending tremendous amount of dollars on vending over a multiyear period. Two, we felt very good about the ability for us to grow the business and the second half of that equation is we didnt want to run out of supply. So we built an of inventory machines and so today, our spend is coming down in both of those largely because the automation is behind us. And on a vending standpoint, our patterns are more stable today and were able to burn in a little bit of that inventory as well. So all those pieces we identified in November and expectation that CapEx would drop probably around 12% to just under $130 million. And the only wildcard on that centers on things that we -- the pace of what we do with vending as we go through the year. There are some things Im optimistic about and we'll see how they play out, but thats probably the only wildcard, whereas the rest of the projects are pretty well known at this advantage point. Dividend, we just announced a $0.30 dividend last night. We had been running at $0.28. So if that were to continue throughout the year, that would imply about $344 million dividend versus the $327 last year based on where our share count is right now. And then the wildcard is what we do in buybacks? We did fair amount of buybacks in the current year. If you look at our debt we have on the books right now, its really about the buybacks weve done in the last year and half. I would expect some additional buybacks as we go through 2016. How that plays out is going to be largely dependent on the marketplace. But our distribution business by its nature throws off a lot of cash. This year, our operating cash flow as we saw last year is just over a 100% of earnings and for our distribution business to throw off operating cash that's greater than the earnings, tells me of the year you didnt grow pretty well and you didnt need that much of working capital. So that gives us prospects for strong cash flow generation as we go into 2016. Frankly, I would prefer to see a number in the upper 90s because they're telling me were growing there.
Adam Uhlman: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert from Longbow Research.
Chris Dankert: Hi. Good morning, Dan. Thanks for taking my question.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: Just first off thinking about the fasteners going to the vending machines and the quarter seems to kind of rough down about 8%. I was wondering just kind of given the utilization numbers and the production numbers were seeing this morning and your optimism on the early start in January, is there any commentary you can give us on just the fasteners so far? Have you seen an uptick in those numbers?
Dan Florness: I guess Im a little confused by your question Chris only from you started it by talking about the fasteners and vending. Fasteners, there is no connection between fasteners and vending size. Maybe I just misheard your question.
Chris Dankert: Im sorry
Dan Florness: Only non-fasteners go through the vending platform.
Chris Dankert: But I guess the upshot was your fasteners, have they improved in January commensurate with kind of what youre seeing on total sales?
Dan Florness: I typically dont get too caught up in the total numbers. I dont even look at product line mix during the month because its not a meaningful exercise. So I dont even know the number.
Chris Dankert: No. Fair enough. I guess the other question I had was as far as the IT cost, kind of the investments youre talking about back at the Analyst Day, can you break out how much of that is dollar value for the year? And then is it going to be classified OpEx, CapEx or a mix of the two?
Dan Florness: Well, our biggest investment weve made over the last several years is we've grown and built a development team and we've over last two years I believe we now have somewhere between 75 and 80 people in India that are solely about development, a great team. Ive not personally been over to meet with them, but everybody that has met with them, theyre really impressed with the quality of the people we have there. That obviously goes through our P&L. Historically for us most of the investments we make in IT go through the P&L in the period because they are ongoing coding investments. Obviously things like equipment or third party software, those are capitalized and would be spread out over a multiyear period is one would expect. But most of the expense would be the cost of those 75 people and were continuing to grow that group. I talked about some of the places were adding or were not adding. I think that number will continue to grow and will probably get to the point we have about 100 people over there because we want to build up our capabilities in that area to support our business more thoroughly but you can back into a number pretty fast just with the 75 people.
Chris Dankert: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Cieslak from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ryan Cieslak: Hey Dan. Good morning.
Dan Florness: Good morning.
Ryan Cieslak: I wanted to just first maybe hit the margin question again and you took a step back and you guys clearly have some strategic growth opportunities in the top line, but clearly have some puts and takes still on the margin side. And just directional when you think about incentive comp, the mix with onsite maybe ramping whats going on with vending, is this a year if youre able to hit your topline internal goals or grow the topline? Directionally how should operating margins trend for you guys relative to 2015?
Dan Florness: If we are able to hit our topline, to the extent were doing that because of the onsite, thats going to be a little bit of leakage, but again were talking a relatively small piece of the pie. Our ability to grow our earnings long term has always been centered on the fact that what we call pathway to profit and that is our stores has a mature -- the level of profits improved dramatically. The 900 stores we had in the fourth quarter that did more than $100,000 a month in revenue, the profitability in that group is completely on a different, just in a different place and the profitability of the remaining stores that do less than $100,000 a month. So to the extent all these programs, the vending, these initiatives cause our average store size to grow. There is no reason why that will enhance our profitability and fund any leakage what we might have as it relates to the onsite. Now if our onsite were widely successful. Let's say our onsites were frontend loaded and we get them turned on faster than we expect such that you don't have this wave coming in during the course of the year and the wave hits us earlier and the wave keeping increasing and we do materially more than the 200 million. I can see our growth being better than we expected and our operating margins being a little bit worse. I don't think anybody can call with a complaint about that.
Ryan Cieslak: And then Dan with the onsite onboarding, is there incremental one-time or onboarding cost that comes through initially that might weigh on the incremental EBIT contribution this year versus maybe what it looks like into the out year in '17?
Dan Florness: Oh! Sure, but that's a constant in our business. That's true of any new business turning on any new year, a new large national account. The first few months are kind of tough. First six to nine month, you're selling resources at it. You werent as good at sourcing the products. So your gross margin isnt where you would like. If I look at the onsites that we turned on in the -- in 2015, their performance would be materially different than the existing book and that's what we talked about in November and that would true of every year. Again it's really about -- I think at the end of the day, the real question is does it allow us to grow our business faster? And do you have confidence that Fastenal, if we're getting the growth can manage the operating expenses? I believe we can manage the operating expenses if we're getting the growth. I believe these growth drivers allow us to grow faster and take market share at a faster clip than our competitors. And we were at -- well I see, we were at 9.46 and so I don't have to ask you that if there is a follow-on, we'll take it offline. One rule we've always had is we realize its earnings season and everybody has a very, very busy day and so we try to hold this call to 45 minutes. So I guess I'll close on that note of again thank you to everybody for listening to our earnings call this morning. Hope you didn't mind hearing just my voice. In the past, it's typically been two. Felt that was appropriate to talk a bit about the quarter, but more importantly to talk about the growth drivers we have going into 2016 because that's why we held the Investor Day back in November because we think it's really about where is our business going long term. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Willard Oberton - President, Chief Executive Officer Daniel Florness - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Ellen Trester - Investor Relations
Analysts: Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Robert Barry - Susquehanna David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Robert McCarthy - Stifel Nicolaus Ryan Merkel - William Blair Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q3 2015 Earnings Results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2015 Third Quarter Earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2015 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, todays conference call may include statements regarding the companys future plans and prospects. These statements are based on our current expectations and we undertake no duty to update them. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results are contained in the companys latest earnings release and periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Will Oberton.
Willard Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks everybody for joining the call today. Id first like to start out telling you how happy the board, Fastenal board and myself are to announce Dan as our new CEO. Were very excited - Dan still kind of considered a new guy because he wont be 20 years until next year with the company, but we think hes going to do--we really believe hes going to do a great job. He has a great team around him that both Dan and I have helped develop over the last 30 years or so, and we think Fastenal has a great future under Dans leadership. Thanks, Dan. Then, Im going to switch to the quarter. As you know, its been a difficult quarter for Fastenal. Talked a little bit about our sales - September slowed down slightly, and really its a story of industrial fasteners and the slowness within or the slowdown within that part of our business. In the first quarter, we grew our industrial fastener business 5.5%, not great but market taking share, and then by the third quarter it dropped to negative 4.4, driven by not only volume but also some deflation in the markets, weak steel prices. We do not believe we are losing share. Actually, we believe we are still taking some share, not at the rate we would like to take or expect, but still taking share. On a more positive note, our non-fastener business grew at 5.9%, taking share, growing that business, and thats driven by a great effort by our sales team and continued success with our vending program.  On the margin side of the business, I believe the team did a very nice job considering the balance of things with margin plus and negative. Product mix goes against us when the fasteners are not growing. Customer mix goes against us when our large customers are outgrowing our small customers due to our success with the national accounts program, and then the deflation and weak steel prices. The positive on the margin that helped support it to where it is as we--transportation costs are lower than they would have been a year ago with lower fuel pricing. So there are some puts and takes, and overall I think the team has done a very good job of managing the margin. As Bob Kierlin always reminds me, the margin is more about our pay programs, our incentives and our pay programs than it is about mix. Hard-working, smart people have a way to make the margin work for themselves by delivering additional service to our customers, bringing value to the field. I also feel the team did a nice job on expense control. We were able to add, I believe it was almost 1,300 people - I get so many numbers in my head at this point of the month, I lose it; but I know close to 1,300 people in the year, and still managing our expenses to have earnings leverage, which weve never been able to do that in the past, and thats really a testament not so much to Dan and I and the senior people, but the people in the trenches that are working every day to run their businesses profitably and create opportunities for themselves. The last thing that I might--my comments are going to be very short today. The attitude at Fastenal, the mindset that were in right now is a mindset of we need to create our own luck. Were not economists; we dont know what the economy will do over the next two to three quarters, but were not real optimistic that its going to bounce back quickly, so we need to create our own luck as an organization. Thats what we want to talk to the investing public about on November 5, all the things that were doing - were having an investor day on November 5 for those of you that dont know that - all of the things that were doing to help separate ourselves and take more market share in 2016 than we would otherwise be able to do without being very focused. Were going to talk about our increased investment in our stores. Were going to talk about the increased investment in our vending program, how were refocusing that program, and believe it will give us well above average growth through 2016 and beyond. Were going to talk about our onsite program. Dan mentioned that, I believe for the first time, in our quarterly release that came out this morning about our onsite program, what were doing with that, and why were so bullish on that as a business--is why that brings value to our customers. Were going to talk about our web program, our e-business. We know were not--weve fallen behind some of our large competitors in that, and were working very hard to make efforts to come back on that and present our customers with a very, very good solution for them to buy products electronically.  Theres a common theme to the four things that I just mentioned - our stores, our vending, our onsite, and our web. All four of those bring value to our customers. They bring product closer, so the customer has to do less work to run their business, so they can spend more time running their business than they have to spend buying parts that are necessary to make the place run. So with that, Im going to turn it over to Dan and hell cover more information on the quarter. Thank you.
Daniel Florness: Thanks Will, and thanks for the message that started the call as well. Good morning everybody, and thanks for your interest in Fastenal. Im going to work to keep this focused on the quarter. As Will mentioned, we plan on having an investor day on Thursday, November 5 at our Indianapolis facility. Well be talking a lot about 2016 and beyond, and one of the things--and I think one of the things that will stand out on that day is always looking at the facts at hand in a business. In what ways are we great, and in what ways do we have the best opportunity to leverage that greatness? The thing that always stands out for me when I think of Fastenal, and that was true 20 years ago when I joined the organization, its true today, and that is we put a lot of energy into recruiting, identifying talent, and nurturing talent, and unleashing that talent, letting people make decisions in their business to impact their future.  Knowing that, the second thing that were great at is early on, we figured out how to make money in a footprint with a lot of small locations. We figured out--when I look at a lot of industrial distributors, a lot of great companies, regional companies, national companies, one thing that stands out is its really difficult to make money in a store doing 50,000 or 60,000 or $70,000 a month, but if you can figure that out as you move beyond that, you can put people closer to customer, you have the ability to provide a different type of service than anybody else, and we thrive in a marketplace that wants to get better, that wants to be helped by some of the tools, some of the things that we bring to the table, and thats really whats driven our ability to excel, is if you put great people closer to customer and you have a business model with a low--with a structurally low operating cost, you can compensate people fairly for what they are doing and you build a great machine over time, and you build a great organization over time. Thats really what weve done, and we want to talk about that in early November. But getting back to the quarter, you know, Ive tried to incorporate over the last few quarters into our press release obviously the usual items that we talk about and disclose, but really some quick bullets on what are some negatives and positives in the quarter. I always want to get the negatives out of the way so we can then talk about the positives, because I think theres--the one list outshines the other. But the reality of it is, in 2015 we, our customers have been hit hard by the slowdown in the oil and gas sector, and hit hard by the strength of the U.S. dollar and the ability of our customers to compete effectively across the globe, and 89% of our sales are in the U.S., so anything thats negative to the U.S. market is negative to us in the short term as far as managing through it. The other item, and you saw it in our September number, we have seen stabilization in a lot of parts of our business in recent months. The Texas market for us did take a little bit of a step down in September, and the other item I noted is our Canadian business - and this is all in local currency, so I want everyone to be mindful of that - you know, Ive heard a lot about the negatives in the Canadian market and the weakness in the Canadian market. We continue to--I put it in my negatives because were only growing at 6%, because we were growing at 10% in the second quarter, but I continue to look at that and say its a negative in that that business has slowed, but its really a positive in what we were able to accomplish up there in a very tough environment, and it demonstrates the types of things that we can do, and Jeff Watts and his team, I think are doing a wonderful job with that business of continuing to manage through and prosper.  If I looked at individual regions around the country, there is a lot of similar stories to our business. Its just that you have some geographic areas that are getting really--hit really hard, and those areas are big areas for us; but the positive is were executing well in a lot of places. I think that shines out in some of the positives I mentioned. We entered the year saying we werent sure what the oil and gas was going to mean for us in 2015, but were going to invest in people at the store level. Were going to invest to keep growing our business long term because the opportunities for us are immense, and year-to-date weve added 1,234 people into our stores in the last 12 months - weve added just over 1,300, and weve continued to invest in the energy of the business. I think thats meaningful. I did introduce our 2016 estimate for store openings, and right now were setting a range of 60 to 75 stores, so 2 to 3%. Im happy to talk about that. The last few years, most of discussion has been about looking at some of our locations, rationalizing some of our locations, and well always do that, but also talking about what were doing to grow the business because, again, when you have the ability to break a profit at a reasonable level in a store and you see opportunities to take market share in a lot of different ways, get close to your customer, this is one of those pieces. The other thing that is positive is when I look at our national accounts business, and Ive gotten--Ive had the opportunity to work with the folks in our national accounts team quite extensively over the last year or so, and some things that Ive learned over the last year is the opportunity is immense, and were seeing that shine through in our signings. Now, we might have existing customers that their business has been weakened, and we have their business but their business is down 10, 20, 30%. We cant change that in the short term. What we can change is, are we doing everything we can to get all the wallet share we can at that facility with that customer? Are we doing things to help their business, because when we help our customers, they help us back with more business. Are we doing those things, and are we out meeting new customers every day? When I look at the pace of signings, we are on pace to easily exceed our last three years of individual signings with new customers, and I feel very good about where we are even year-to-date and the fact that were almost at the 2014 number right now as far as signings and will easily exceed it through the end of the year, so very excited about whats going on in our national accounts business. The onsite, as Will mentioned, its the first time Ive ever mentioned it in an earnings release. You know, when I look at our onsite business, and I take a little bit more expansive view of it when I think of that business. I include in that what we call onsite today, as well as what we call strategic account stores. When I combine that business, its really about dedicated locations, either physically inside the customers facility or really nearby, dedicated locations that are about this one customer and getting closer and closer to that customer, helping them in their business, becoming more knowledgeable of their business. That business over the last 15 years has grown to be almost 15% of our--just over 15% of our sales today, so its about a third of our national account business. Its a great win-win relationship - we can get onsite, lean up some of our operations, and really take a much wider view of things we can do for the customer, and I think that bodes well for us into the future, and well be talking on that, as I mentioned, in our meeting in early November. As Will mentioned, our gross profit improved in the quarter. You know, were doing a lot of things to make good, wise decisions every day at the store level, at the district level on how we price our product. Clearly the fastener piece is tough because theres some deflation going on in that market right now. Its creating top line issues for us. Its creating some gross margin issues for us. Despite that, we continue to manage through it and eked out a nominal improvement in our gross profit. Finally, and this is about our district managers and about our regional leaders, they are managing the business really well in a tough environment. Weve asked them to go out and add people, and to that theyve added 1,300 people into the business. Weve asked them to open some locations, to keep building for the future in an environment where our existing book of business is going through a very weak period. Despite all those things, we had incremental margin of almost 50% in the quarter. Im proud of them for what they accomplished, because thats about them because were asking them to do a lot of things.  But with that, I will turn it over to the Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi guys, good morning.
Daniel Florness: Hey Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Congrats, Dan, on the CEO position. I guess Im wondering, and Id like to start with--you know, you talked about it a bit in the release and the prepared remarks about the national account wins. Im wondering if there is any way to quantify the opportunity thats popped up with a lot of these wins already on track ahead of last year. Is that the revenue opportunity or just the sheer numbers of them, so could you help us with that?
Daniel Florness: Well, I guess the biggest way to think about it is national accounts, when we started that business 20 years ago, was low single digits as a percent of our business. Today, its about 46% of our business, and when I think of national accounts and I add to that other large customer pieces that we dont classify as national accounts, but large regional accounts, a lot of our government business, when you start adding all those pieces together, youre probably talking 56%, 57% of our business. Yeah, I dont know if everybody knows all the facts of life, but Ive always been a firm believer - 80/20 works in a lot of things, and I really believe that the large account business, the national account business can be 70%, 75%, maybe 80% piece of our business if you broaden the definition a little bit of our business long term. The real question is how do we keep growing that business? Given that we have a structural advantage in the marketplace, we have people close by a lot of these locations. A lot of these locations are not in the major metros - they are in various locations through the States, through the provinces in Canada, around the planet, and so the fact that we can get close to a lot of them and grow it long term, I think is tremendous. I do believe thats going to be a driver of our growth long term, and vending and onsite are merely another tool to that, growing that business.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Im just wondering--you know, because the revenues were only up 1% in the quarter. If nothing changes next year, should we expect it to get another --?
Willard Oberton: Revenues are up 1% because our top 10 dropped. I mean, if you look at where weve done a great job in the last three or four years, its heavy industry, and that heavy industry has dropped tremendously. Dan mentioned oil and the strong dollar. The other big one is agriculture for us, and mining and, things like that, so the gap between us signing a lot of--you know, more accounts and our national account performance, its two different things right now. Were taking share for the future. The economy picks up, we will be rewarded for that, is what we believe.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, thanks. 
Willard Oberton: Does that make sense?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, good morning.
Willard Oberton: Good Morning Robert.
Robert Barry: And Dan, congratulations.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Robert Barry: So it sounds like even though the top line is decelerating that the messaging on investment is that its going to remain strong, maybe even accelerate with more store openings, ecommerce investment, et cetera. So curious how we should be thinking about the SG&A line over the next 12 to 18 months.
Willard Oberton: What we have--you know, over the last couple quarters, weve spent a lot of time looking at where we can make the maximum investment and still maintain at least not negative leverage - you know, some positive leverage like we did in this quarter. Weve done a nice job of that, so were going to invest in--were going to talk about investing in some inventory for our stores, but were going to take that inventory out of our--were going to redeploy the inventory from distribution to the front line, and we have a very good plan for that. We talk about vending - weve added--weve greatly increased our sales force. Weve found other areas to offset those expenses, and weve found ways to pay for those people.  So what weve had to do is weve had to become very focused, and one of the reasons we have to do that is for the investing public, but the bigger reason is for our employees who get paid off the performance of the business, and so were very focused on creating our own luck, but at the same time were not going to give away the bank and destroy the quarter. So looking forward, tight expense control, continue to add people at a certain level, and hopefully separate ourselves with additional growth.
Daniel Florness: One thing you have to always keep in perspective, and weve touched on this a lot over the last seven or eight years is what we have always coined the pathway to profit, and that is anything that we can do that drives the average--that drives our average store to get a little bit bigger has incredible profit gains built into it, and you can invest some dollars to do that, and the only thing thats on our list that doesnt drive that in the ultimate sense is opening 60 or 75 stores, and we know what that costs and thats a pretty modest cost. So its really all the rest of the things are about things we can do to drive the top line, because the deflation--the negatives that weve had in our business are already embedded in our business. The negatives that have occurred in 2015, the customer thats down 10 or 15 or 20 or 30%, thats already inherent in our business, so the things that we can do to drive market share gains faster, whether thats national account signings or driving our vending, driving our onsite as a complement to the national account signings, all those are wins that are highly profitable wins and allow us the luxury of investing.
Robert Barry: Guys, that all makes sense, and I think the focus on the top line seems reasonable. But it does also sound like you are willing to live with, at least in the near term, what could be very low incrementals given whats happening on the top line, and yet this commitment to pushing on the investment. Is that fair? Like, how are you thinking about the incrementals?
Willard Oberton: I think thats fair. I mean, although a 50% incremental is great, when you only have a couple percentage points of earnings growth, it doesnt add up in real dollars. Our pathway, and I believe what our true long-term shareholders want, is they want us to grow, and were going to work very hard in that growth but be very smart about it. Were not going to be trying a bunch of crazy things that we dont--you know, new things, because we dont have a lot of luxury to do that right now. As both Dan and I laid them out, were going to invest in things that are very tried and true with a great team that knows how to execute, and were going to have to say no a lot to good ideas that dont make the top of the list. In doing that, we believe we can be on that balance point, a little bit of incremental earnings growth, but thats not our major focus. Our major focus is getting some growth back and doing it wisely, and thats using the things we know very well and keeping our costs low in every investment we make. Were good at that.
Robert Barry: Great, thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning everybody, and congratulations Dan. 
Daniel Florness: Morning, Dave. Thanks.
David Manthey: First off, on the deflation, both of you in your monologues mentioned it, and Im wondering if youd tell us what the top line impact on revenues of fasteners and non-fasteners were in the current quarter relative to pricing?
Daniel Florness: The deflation is really about the fastener side of the business, and its about 40% of our business. Thats about--were seeing about two points of deflation right now in the business.
David Manthey: Okay. Then as it relates to your FIFO inventory methodology as we look ahead to 2016, are there any implications there or generally what are your expectations for pricing and margins in 2016?
Daniel Florness: Sure. You know, our inventory turns about twice a year. Thats our overall inventory. Our fasteners turn slower than that, and so the deflation has been a full this year. Its hurt our top line, its hurt our gross margin, but we really havent seen much of the benefits through our cost of goods because that inventory was coming on our shelves, and if you think about the pace of our business, if our business is growing faster than we expect, that inventory is turning a little faster. If were growing a bit slower, that inventory stretches out a little bit. But that bodes well for us going into 2016. That will be a friend to our business.
David Manthey: Okay, so you expect pricing out the door to remain relatively benign, then, and youre benefiting from the lower cost inventory?
Daniel Florness: The pricing out the door is going to depend on what the market is doing in the next 12 months, Dave, more than anything. Is the market stable, is the market improving, is the market weakening? If the market is stable or improving, I think we can do a pretty good job holding onto that, and most of it will be about the new business were adding and is there a mix difference going on, than anything else.
David Manthey: Alright, and just to be clear, the 2% you mentioned, thats revenues to Fastenal on fasteners in terms of pricing?
Daniel Florness: Yes.
David Manthey: Okay, very good. One clarification here - when Will was talking, I think he cut out a little bit. Will, you were saying something about creating your own luck, and then I believe you said youre not optimistic things will bounce back quickly. Is that what you said, or did I catch that wrong?
Willard Oberton: No, Im saying that were not planning--personally, Im not real optimistic when I look at everything going on in the world, and thats the way the thinking is, is lets create our own luck. If Im wrong, Ill be the happiest guy in the room, but right now when you look at election year, you look at the turmoil in the Middle East, China, and many other parts of the world, weak economy in Europe, theres nothing that points--it doesnt like oil is going to come back, and corn is probably low for a long time. There arent a lot of strong economic indicators that are going to push us up, but were in a huge market. Were in a market that in the U.S. alone is, who knows, 100 to $150 billion. Its at least 100, we know that, [indiscernible], so we have to go out and take share. Our problem today isnt that we arent taking share.  Our problem today is that our base business, as Dan said earlier, has shrunk. Our good existing customers are buying less for us, so to grow at 2%, we have to take share at a much faster rate. If the economy just stabilizes and that base of business just stays flat, were going to stack business on top and were going to separate ourselves from our competitors and the market, and thats what were planning on. Now, if it were to bounce back and we were to do that at the same time, then youll see growth like we had--I believe youll see growth like we had in 2010, where we were getting the benefit of our existing customers growing at a rapid pace and new business piling on top of that. So those are the two scenarios. My crystal ball tells me its probably the one where we take share and add it on top of a more stable base.
David Manthey: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations Dan.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Robert McCarthy: So a few questions here. I guess in terms of--you know, weve spoken in the past that the expectation is that perhaps you would have seen growth in September, given what you saw in recent pronouncements and monthly sales releases, but its obviously inflected negatively. Could you expand on what your expectations are, given the tougher compares in the fourth quarter into 1Q, given the stack of what youre seeing? What should we expect qualitatively for growth in the fourth quarter?
Daniel Florness: You know, weve never been good at forecasting the future, so weve tended to stay away from it. What we are trying to do is talk about what were doing to invest and how were going to manage through it. We were disappointed by the September number as well. With 10 days left in the month, it was looking to be slightly negative, as we saw, and so it wasnt a case of strong finish, weak finish, that kind of thing. It was pretty steady throughout the month. It was more pronounced in certain geographic areas, like I talked about. Like I say, I look around the country and I see a lot of positive things, but saw some things that did worsen. So--
Willard Oberton: Business is slow.
Daniel Florness: Business is slow, and I dont think its going to--I dont see anything externally thats going to cause it to pick up in the next three months, so Wills point of we need to make our own luck. We need to look at our business, we need to look at things were really good at, things where we have great relationships with customers, and set our priorities accordingly and drive our own growth, make our own luck.
Robert McCarthy: Yes, and just as a follow-up to that, I think Id take your comments to imply that the fourth quarter, given what we see in terms of the stack of compares, would be negative in terms of the top line. How do you think about the gross margin, given the supplier or lack of supplier incentives, and the seasonal nature? Should we be thinking about a sequential downtick there qualitatively? Probably, right? I mean, how do you think about the fourth quarter in terms of the factors that are going to drive gross margin there?
Daniel Florness: You know, I think well manage through it just fine. We know our team on the supply side, managing our transportation areas, they are ready to manage through that piece. They know what were expecting as well. When I think of the mix of our business and what are the things that are positive and negative to our fourth quarter and our 2016, I believe we can manage the gross margin through it just fine, so Im optimistically looking at 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2015 that well manage through it in true Fastenal style, and to be just fine with our gross margin.
Robert McCarthy: One last question, if youll indulge me. In terms of the 60 to 65 of store adds, could you talk just qualitatively how we should think about capex and opex there? What are the learnings from basically driving growth at your existing stores now? Are you looking at different geographies or different footprints or different configurations for your stores so that youll get a better return on the store growth, because probably youre optimizing for the right region? 
Daniel Florness: You know, first off on the capex side, our capex, whether youre looking at 2015 or 2016 and beyond, theres never much capex that goes into new stores If you think about a new store, the capex thats going into it, its really centered on computer system, some shelving and a pickup. The rest of it is working capital, primarily inventory obviously. So the investment going into a new store, weve dialed that in years ago, so were really, really efficient about that. Our capex going into next year is really about what are we doing on the front of vending, what are we doing as far as our distribution centers, and what are we doing as far as our vehicle fleet, because those are really where the dollars are driven, not if we open 75 stores or if we open 25 stores.
Robert McCarthy: I guess well get further color on that at the November analyst day in terms of how youre thinking about the capex, but clearly given the level of investment, you expect an uptick there?
Willard Oberton: No.
Daniel Florness: No, no. I can give a preliminary number on our capex for next year. This year, were going to be in kind of that mid-150s neighborhood, between 155 and $158 million, and thats very much in line with what we talked about earlier in the year. I would expect next year, our capex will drop meaningfully. It will be in that 130 neighborhood, maybe 125.
Robert McCarthy: And whats the driver of that? Whats the driver of that, given the level of investing and vending and DCs, et cetera?
Daniel Florness: The real driver of that is if you think about our business over the last few years, we had two big drivers of capex. One was we came out a number of years ago and said, you know what? Weve automated two of our distribution centers. We really like what weve seen, and were going to do that into the future and were going to do it aggressively. So we went from having two distribution centers fully automated, today about 84% of our picks are done through automated DCs, so now what happens is in an Akron, Ohio, for example, where we have a highly automated distribution center, the dollars that go into there today are more about how much of that business is growing, what do we need in distribution capacity to support that growth, but were not automating the facility, were expanding the facility. So thats a completely different proposition, so our capex when I think of distribution will drop meaningfully from where it was in each of the last three years. The second one is vending. When we started vending back a number of years ago, we really didnt know how fast this thing would grow. If you recall in 2012, we started the year saying, jeez, if we could sign X-number--you know, 10,000 machines for the year, wed consider that a home run, and we hit that number, I believe it was around July 6. The one thing that we wanted to do is we wanted to have our powder dry to support that business, so not only did we invest capital in the machines we were deploying, we invested capital in the machines to be deployed because we didnt want to outshoot our ability to produce machines.  So we have an inventory of machines that weve been working through, and so that puts us in a luxury of now managing our vending equipment to the needs of the business, as opposed to staying well out ahead of it, because we have a better idea of our pace. 
Robert McCarthy: Well, Ill see you in Indianapolis. 
Daniel Florness: Very good. Thank you.
Willard Oberton: Great, look forward to it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks, good morning everyone. We have covered a lot of ground here, but I just want to go back to the incremental margins just for a second. Just assuming next year, sales are up only 2, 3%, lets say, what would incremental margins look like, do you think, given that youre going to ramp some of the investment spend a bit more?
Daniel Florness: You know, incremental margins would probably move a lot closer to our operating profit. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay.
Daniel Florness: You know, we wouldnt be in the--I mean, lets face it, right now were in kind of an unusual place of incremental margins being north of 35. In our history, you look at a lot of our--over the last decade, 25 to low 30s was a much normal range, and I think in an environment, if youre investing for the future, to hope for being on that upper end of the range probably isnt realistic and you move down closer to our operating margin. But the piece you have to keep in the back of your mind is we have a natural lift to our business profit as we add dollars to our individual stores, so if were adding--in your example, Ryan, if were adding 2 to 3% top line growth and were opening 2 to 3% stores, were kind of treading water there. But we dont have some of the mix issues going on that weve had going on over the last few years if were only doing two or three.
Willard Oberton: Were going to be very focused on beating that sales number.
Daniel Florness: Absolutely.
Willard Oberton: Thats the way we win, and thats the way everyone dependent on us - our shareholders and our employees - win, and if the economy just stabilizes, our customer base stabilizes, we have a very good chance of making that happen, we believe.
Ryan Merkel: Absolutely fair. I hope its better than 2, 3% too. I just wanted to sort of calibrate everybody on what the incremental margin would look like under that sort of more dire outlook. Then just lastly, Fastenal growing zero percent here in September and in a non-recessionary environment, its pretty surprising, I think, for a lot of us. But if we just step back and we think about quantifying some of the headwinds, and I dont want to put words in your mouth but it seems to me, oil and gas customers are probably down, what, 30% this year. It might be a 3% headwind to sales. And then what about exports? Ive got to think thats an even bigger impact, but you tell me - and weve also got FX as a one-point headwind.
Daniel Florness: Yeah, a couple things. First off, the premise of the question, I would argue that anybody selling into the industrial market is not selling into a non-recessionary environment. We are--
Ryan Merkel: I agree. I agree with you there.
Daniel Florness: The industrial environment is in a recession - I dont care what anybody says, because nobody knows that market better than we do. You know, we touch 250,000 active customers a month.
Willard Oberton: CAT, Deere, Emerson, Terex - name the list, theyre all down 8 to 10.
Ryan Merkel: Right.
Daniel Florness: If I look at our top--you know, last quarter I cited some stats of our top 25 customers. Ill take a broader brush and Ill look at our top 100. Right now in the third quarter, 44 of our top 100 customers are negative. We have not lost any business with that group. They are negative in their spend. In some cases, they are negative because their business is very negative and they are somewhat negative with us. In some case, their business is treading water and they decided to tighten their belt. I mean, look at our capex next year - there is going to be suppliers to our capital spend that will have a tighter year in 2016 than they have in 2015, because were not automating two, three, four distribution centers in the next 12 months. Of that 44 that were negative, 32 of them were negative more than 10%. Of that 44 thats negative, 17 of them were negative more than 25%. Thats a sign of a recessionary environment, because despite all that, we continue to add customers at a faster pace than weve done in recent years, which is about momentum into the future. We continue to grow our national account business, which is about momentum, but we have existing customers that are struggling through a pretty weak environment in their own business.
Ryan Merkel: Right. I mean, you read my research - you know I agree with you in the recession for the heavy manufacturing. I just meant the traditional GDP for the U.S. is negative two quarters in a row. Really, the focus of my question was if I think about the headwinds this year - you know, oil and gas 3%, exports maybe 4 to 5%, FX one point - you know, were those things to turn around, you could be back to a 10%-plus top line grower.
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Ryan Merkel: So I was just trying to quantify--
Willard Oberton: Even if they just level out.
Daniel Florness: Even if they just settled down.
Willard Oberton: Just leveled out.
Ryan Merkel: Right, okay. Well great, thanks.
Daniel Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh : Good morning, and again Dan, kudos on a very well deserved promotion. I want to make sure thats reiterated.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh: Two or three questions, just housekeeping of nature. First off, can you give us, Dan, what the machine equivalents were, the vending machine equivalents, both signed during the quarter as well as the install base?
Willard Oberton: I dont have that number, but Im going to throw out one stat thats impressive. The volume through the machine, sales dollars through the machine grew 16.6% in the quarter just in a very difficult environment. I think I said this to Ryan Merkel recently that thats about a $600 million business for us growing in high double digits, almost 17%, probably the fastest growing industrial business out there of that size. So were doing--seeing very, very good growth, and thats the reason that as a team, we decided to double down on that growth. Now I think Dan has his numbers here. Hes paging through.
Daniel Florness: Yes, I have the number of units in service. I dont have a copy of the 10-Q in front of me. Well be filing on that on Friday, and all the details are in there. But our equivalent number of units in service at the end of the quarter is 40,067, and the actual device count is 53,547.
Willard Oberton: And Sam, internally we are more focused on the growth through the machine than any other metric, because thats what its all about. Thats what creates the commission and the profit.
Sam Darkatsh: Thank you for that, and a couple more quick questions, if I could. I think if Im understanding it, Dan, the store openings of 60 to 75 next year is a gross number. Im guessing you may still have some closings that are anticipated. Do you have a sense of what the net store count, the change in the net store count might be next year?
Daniel Florness: This is a little bit of a stab in the dark. I would suspect if we closed 20 stores, that wouldnt surprise me, and I dont have a firm number on that but it wouldnt surprise me. So a number--you know, a number Ive had in my head is well probably add 50 net next year.
Sam Darkatsh: And then the last question - you had a little bit--you repurchased, I believe, about 600,000 shares in the quarter, which was a little bit below the pace the first half of the year. Was that timing? Was there something strategic to that? What do you anticipate that the level or the pace of repos over the near to intermediate term?
Daniel Florness: Yes. You know, we hit it really hard in the second quarter, as we talked about on the July call. We pulled the pace back a little bit. Part of it, were in discussions right now to up our line nominally to have dollars in place for that and some other pieces that are going on with our business in the next nine to 12 months. But well probably continue at that pace, maybe a little bit higher in the next few quarters. A lot of it is going to depend on where the market values the stock, too.
Sam Darkatsh: At the third quarter pace, youre referring to?
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay. Thank you gentlemen. I appreciate it. Much obliged.
Daniel Florness: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Daniel Florness: This is Dan speaking. Again, we reiterate - thank you for participating on our call today. Thank you for your continued support of Fastenal. Our investor day in early November, in addition to hosting an investor day, we will be broadcasting that on the web for people to listen to remotely. Thank you and have a good day.
Willard Oberton: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Lee Hein - President and CEO Dan Florness - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Wilson - Raymond James David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Flavio Campos - Credit Suisse Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Ryan Merkel - William Blair Robert Barry - Susquehanna Robert McCarthy - Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fastenal Company 2015 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Ms. Ellen Trester. Maam, you may begin.
Ellen Trester: Thank you. Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Lee Hein, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Lee and Dan, with the remainder of the time being opened for questions-and-answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2015, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call includes statements regarding the companys anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of todays date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lee Hein.
Lee Hein: Thanks Ellen, good morning. Today, Id like to begin the call to answer the question on what is our opinion of the economy. And when I say that its a tough economy in a tough environment, Im really centering it around five areas for us: Its non-res; its oil and gas; ag; manufacturing; and of course the currency. And so tough environment but when I look at it given this quarter, I think its a solid quarter of execution given the revenue number. We were able to leverage our growth of 5% into 8.9% pretax growth; we were able to raise our pretax percentage to 22.6 and incremental to 40%. Now when we talk about execution, the word that comes to mind for me and I think many of our folks within Fastenal, is discipline. To execute, you must be disciplined. And so we put a call out to our folks to the blue team we call them and we ask them to scrutinize every expense and to reduce where possible. The reason we did this and we tell our folks over and over why are we doing what we do. And we make it very clear. And in this point, we look to reduce expenses so we could add energy into the stores. And to that point, year-over-year, were up about 1,129 people, 910 folks weve added in the stores; thats a 9.4% increase. And whats nice and what I want to point out here is a few quarters back our adds were almost identical whether it was non-selling or selling. Today that 9.4% year-over-year, it is 4.9 on the non-selling. Were starting again show discipline and balance and what were trying to do in our growth initiative of offering or getting more energy into our stores, again to offer a high level of service, immediate service when needed to stay in line on these large key customers and to serve our customers on a local level. And so the other point that I look at for the quarter thats a highlight is we were able to sign 5,144 machines compared to 3,962 in the previous quarter. And today, its our pleasure to point out that we have hit a milestone of 50,000 installs. And weve done this all in just over five years. So all-in-all, solid quarter but we will continue to pour energy into our growth drivers. Dan?
Dan Florness: Thanks Lee and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining on the Fastenal call today. We changed up the look of our press release with this quarter. Hopefully, you find it useful. We tried to really boil it down and summarize little bit better than I think weve done in the past. Our Q which will go out on Friday, still has a little bit more than meat [ph] that youve grown accustomed to in the past, but we felt the best way to communicate is to get to the point fast. And if you want a little more detail, we can cover some stuff on the call and cover some stuff in the general Q. The cash flow for the quarter, Ill touch on a few things and then Ill kind of work back through the press release little bit. Operating cash year-to-date, 97.5% of our earnings, we feel good about that number. Typically we think a good number for Fastenals in that low 90s 90% to 95% neighborhood. So, we feel good about what were doing. Were doing nice job. Obviously the accounts receivable growth really centers on whats going on with our sales growth. But I think were doing a nice job managing the growth of inventory. There is a lot of places we have found where we can free up some inventory dollars; there is lot of places where quite frankly, we want to invest some additional inventory dollars. But I think all in all in total, were doing a nice job managing the first six months of the year and Im confident in our ability to continue managing that in the future. If I look at our CapEx, no surprises there; we talked in our annual report about what we expected our CapEx for the year to be. That number was moderating from what its been the last few years. A lot of our big distribution projects are behind us with automation and a bunch of our DCs over the last three years. Our vending, we spent a lot of money for about three years, building up our vending capacity, both from the standpoint of the teams and our equipment, and now were in more of a steady state mode and so that number has come down a little bit to better match what we are actually installing as opposed to building up a base of machines. And so, feel good about our CapEx in the first six months of this year. Free cash which is operating minus, our net CapEx about 177 million, so about 66% of earnings, again, I believe a very good number for Fastenal. We in the first six months of this year, paid out about a 165 million in dividends, so about 61% of earnings. So, most of our free cash went to funding dividends thus far this year. As you all know, we bought back some stock in the latter half of the 2014 and weve been busy buying back some stock in the first four and a half months of 2015. We think its a good wise decision for our shareholders. So, year-to-date, weve bought back about $250 million worth of stock and we borrowed about $240 million to fund it. And as a quick snapshot of our cash flow, we think its good decisions for our shareholders short-term and long-term. In the first page of the press release, continuing on to second page of the press release, I touched on four bullets about the business that and I am going to touch on it again here. The first one, I think Lee did a great job talking about the people side of the business. Were putting people into the stores; were trying to really allow the efficiency of the organization between the automation weve put in, some of the technology weve put in, everybody working smarter everyday to minimize what were adding outside the store to minimize the expense growth there. And I think we did a nice job of adding people into the right spots in the first six months. Item two touches on; weve been head hard this year by a number of factors. In here, I talk about oil and gas. I dont think there is any surprise by that. Our customers have been hit hard by the strength of the U.S. dollar. Most of our business is in the U.S. and anything that impairs the manufacturing output of this country, impacts us and the strong dollar has done some of that. We also sell a fair amount in the Canada and that business is all denominated in the Canadian currency. So, thats created some headwinds for us. I site in bullet two that we see some signs of stabilization in the oil and gas. And I want to share a little more insight what I mean by that. As you know from our press releases and our filings over the years, weve put a lot of emphasis. We try to really understand the trends of our business, whats going on to improve our business, whats going on to hurt our business. And if I look at the Texas and Louisiana geography within our business and I look at that business and look at their sequential patterns, so not the company numbers but those two states and look at those sequential patterns and whats actually happening in our business, the story is really different in three distinct time periods this year. In the January and February time period, I look at history and I look at actual results, there is about a 9 or 10 percentage point delta between what history says should happen and whats actually happening. So from January to February, if history says we should be up 2% sequentially, were 9 or 10 points and were down 7 or 8 points. So I want to explain that what Im talking about. In the March, April and May timeframe that 9 or 10-point delta, the deficiency on our sequential pattern contracted to about 4. In June, it contracted to two in change. Now, does it mean -- I mean our year-over-year numbers are pretty weak right now but sequentially the trends are starting to move closer to normal and that makes me feel better about what it means for third quarter and fourth quarter and going into next year as far as the health of that underlying business. So, I just wanted to touch on that. Point number three, gross profit is hit by large accounts. Its no secret that our growth has been driven by the success weve enjoyed in leveraging this network weve built into growing a large account business. Because for so many years, most of our growth centered on local customers, local business as we were rolling out our short network. As weve developed that store network in the last 15 to 20 years, weve very aggressively gone after large account business. Weve had great success there. That business does not operate at companywide gross margins. But the beauty of going after that business is we can afford to go after that business even with the lower gross profit because that leverages the network we already have in place. And so those growth profit dollars shine right through quite well to the bottom line. In fact this quarter, if you look at it for every dollar in sales, we picked up about $0.41 in gross profit. $0.40 of that $0.41 actually shut, made us way down to our pretax line because our operating expenses were essentially flat. Now thats in spite of the fact that we were adding people at a very fast clip in the last -- as we site in our release, in the last 12 months, weve added almost 1,400 people into the organization, an increase of 7.7%. We funded that by not spending dollars everywhere else. And thats the exciting part about what we were able to accomplish in the last 12 months in my opinion. And again, the fourth point just touches on what I just said, the strong incremental margins. Im sure there has been periods in our history where weve had incremental margins of 40%. Id have to go back up Bob Kierlin and see it back in the 70s quarter-by-quarter, if he has that information still. I cant recall the time in my 19 years here at Fastenal that weve done it. And so, Im really, really impressed with that. Some thoughts on revenue growth and in the past, Ive touched on this in passing in the calls. Sometimes I dont want to get too deep into the numbers into the weeds because Ill lose everybody on the call. But I think its helpful to understand our business. And in the press release, I touched on were really two distributors in one. Were this fastener distributor that has built up a book of business over the last 50 years; and were an MRO distributor, really built up that business in the last 20 years. We really started to expand our product lines beyond fasteners in the early, the mid 1990s and have grown that non-fastener business now to [ph] 60% of our sales and thats 40% fasteners and 60% non-fasteners are really different businesses, different end markets going through a common channel. And so, if I look at that fastener business, a lot of production business in there. The beauty of that business is incredibly sticky. Its really invasive and complicated and painful to switch a fastener supplier. Because thats a very tight relationship because Im supplying you the stuff you need in what your producing and the quality, the source supply, all those things we bring to the table are critical and its very, very disrupted to change your supplier. Thats the good news of that business. The bad news of that business is linked directly to production. If our customers production is down 10% that business is down 10%; if our customers production is down 30% that business is down 30%. The good news is if its up 20, our business grows by 20. And thats really what weve been seeing in the last few months. If I look at our top 25 customers, and I took a good hard look at that group of business, 11 of those 25 customers were negative in June; 7 of those 11 were negative double-digit; and 5 of those 11 were negative in excess of 25%. Thats a negative of being directly linked to their business. The positive is when I look at those relationships, these are solid relationships. Ive visited with most of those customers in the last six months. We have a great relationship; were continuing to strengthen as most of those customers; we are growing our business with them. There is only one on that list that I can think of were not growing our business and its actually going backwards a little bit. The other 24 were growing our relationship but their business is struggling in this economy. Thats a function of the end market economy. If I take that a step further and go beyond the 25 and I look at our top 100 customers in the company that group of customers represents a little bit over 20% of our sales. That group of customers has gone from 7% growth four months ago to 2% growth in June; its still growing but its struggling because there are so many in that group that are negative. The good news is, if I look at all of our other large account customers, all of our national accounts outside of our top 100, that business is growing and growing well. In March that business grew at 11.3; in April it grew at 13.5; in May it grew at 14.5; and in June it grew 14.2. Thats about Fastenal taking market share thats not about Fastenal being impacted by the economy. Were out taking market share as fast as weve ever done. I look at our signings in the first six months of this year; they are ahead of our signings in the first six months of last year. So, I feel very good about the underlying business as far as our ability to take market share. But were struggling with some headwinds right now. With that I have used up a little bit more time than I planned on. I will be quiet and well take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Wilson: Hi. This is Josh Wilson filling in for Sam. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on the operating expense control. Could you talk a little bit about what your expectations would be going forward, under a range of growth assumptions? It looked like, if its what would be in kind of low single digit environment that mid single and that sort of thing?
Dan Florness: That question gets pretty involved, because there is so many dynamics that kick into play. For example, at the start of the year, we talked about a goal that we expressed to our people in December of adding 3,000 people into our stores. Now that was anticipating a top-line growth a world away from what were actually seeing. And so what you have seen is that number in the first six months is just over 900 people into our stores. And I would suspect that when the dust settles at the end of this year, we wont double that number because November and December, we typically pull back but youre probably going to see a 1,600 1,700 [ph] kind of increase. But the dynamic that comes into play is if we saw our business picking up for some reason, wed ramp that number up. In a single-digit environment, we will endeavor to keep our operating expenses growing in a fashion that you saw in the second quarter. It will be a little challenging. The one thing that helps us is last year, we had a little bit stronger growth and so some of our incentive comp was a little bit higher. And thats providing one of the puts and takes to keep helping us, keep our operating expenses low. But if all of a sudden our sales growth was to take off, youd see us adding people little bit faster, you would see our incentive expense expand quite quickly and you would see your operating expense growth move from that low single-digit into the middle single-digit. To me, I wish to think about it in context of what do I think about our incremental margin and I feel very good about our ability to -- I was surprised quite frankly by the fact that we hit 40. I thought a number in the 30s would be pretty good. And I think a number of -- around that 30% neighborhood is a pretty good target for us to strive for in the next few quarters.
Josh Wilson: Thanks for that color. And I didnt see unless I missed it in the press release, an update on your guidance for store account openings for 2015. Could you give us an update on that?
Dan Florness: No change in our guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi guys, good morning. Im looking at a gross margin and I dont want to dwell too much on this. But with all the ongoing mix shifts and this rebate situation, is there any reason to believe that third quarter gross margin or fourth quarter for that matter should be any material difference from what we saw here in the second quarter all else being equal?
Dan Florness: I would expect pretty quiet on the gross margin front in the third and fourth. There is really -- the drop in rebate side, I indicated -- I see thats a transitory issue. If our growth gets stronger that number improves as well.
David Manthey: And then on SG&A, its rare to see a downtick from the first quarter to the second quarter, so fairly, youre doing what you said youre doing here and keeping a lid on cost. But assuming a slow growth environment going forward, should we just see normal expenses flex up with volume into the third quarter and sort of the 5 million to 10 million uptick in SG&A that we normally see from the second quarter into the third and fourth quarters or -- again is there anything that sort of hit the second quarter that was unusual that will unwind in the third that we shouldnt expect to see?
Dan Florness: Probably the most noteworthy thing that hits from first to second is we get out of the heating season. And even though energy prices are better than they have been in the past, it still costs money to heat; and that steps out and you see that benefit from first to second. Second to third, I dont see anything that would cause me to think last years sequential pattern would be anything outside the norm.
David Manthey: And then just final question kind of philosophical here, you have mentioned your CapEx requirements relative to your earnings power lower in the future and now that youre paying dividends and buying back stock, can you tell us, going forward will both of those be a part of your capital allocation plan and do you favor one versus the other longer term?
Dan Florness: Well, first off on the CapEx, if you look at that number over an extended period of years, say, ten years or so, what you would see is our CapEx kind of hovered in 25% to 30% of earnings zone typically. And that number as weve indicated about three to four years ago, that number moved up dramatically when we were doing two big things at once. We were automating our distribution centers; we were rapidly building up an inventory of machines to deploy. And so we never had to be in a situation where a customer wanted a machine and we didnt have one to deploy. And so I think we had a high watermark of CapEx at 44% of earnings. And we really saw this year going down closer to that 30% number and probably being in that kind of zone going forward. So that gives us flexibility from the standpoint of free cash. Free cash, I think our bias still leads towards the dividend. We have a lot of shareholders that I believe have grown accustom to that. We have attracted some shareholders because of that aspect of our business, a growth organization over time that pays out a meaningful yield on the stock. Quite frankly, the marketplace has pushed us to buy back some stock by how you price the stock. If our stock had a price that was materially higher than it is today, we wont be having this discussion, I dont think. And so, I think the question on allocation in the future is really going to center on where is our valuation. And I dont mean from an absolute perspective, I mean where is our valuation from a relative perspective, where is our valuation relative to our peers. And the tighter that number is were probably more inclined to buy back all the stock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Flavio Campos of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Flavio Campos: I just wanted a little bit more color on the SG&A line. We didnt get the fuel disclosure this time around. So if you could talk a little bit about what the impact of fuel was there. And also how much of that of those savings were coming from the fuel itself and some discretionary expense and how much is that tied to the fact that you had net 13 store closures this quarter?
Dan Florness: The 13 store closures really doesnt affect the numbers that much. Typically most of those employees go into an adjoining -- a neighboring store and it increases our selling potential because you dont have any -- you dont have all that labor thats tethered to the store. But in the short-term that expense is pretty nominal on its impact. I am looking at the copy of the Q here. And our employee related expenses were up about 1% in the second quarter. Our occupancy related expenses were up about 3.5%, and most of that centers on vending. And then our selling transportation expenses, similar to what we saw in the first quarter, its down around 20%, 21%. And if I look at our fuel component of that, in the first quarter, we spent just under $9 million in fuel, thats total fuel, thats in cost of goods; about half of thats in cost of goods for diesel going to semis, about half of thats in operating expenses, the gas that goes into our pickups at the store. And that number was just over $9 million in the second quarter. So, similar savings what we saw last year, about $3 million saved us.
Flavio Campos: And on the vending side, we saw that growth of customers with vending to drop to single-digits for the first time in the time series. How much of that is the replay of the national accounts that you are talking about in the call that the top 100 is lower and the lower and the smaller national accounts are growing faster, and is there a strategy to increase penetration of vending on those faster growing vending accounts, national accounts on the tail?
Dan Florness: Absolutely. I mean first half of your question was -- the linkage, is a direct language. Those customers that we have a lot of OEM relationship with, I was just at a plant last week in Redmond, Washington that we are on site with a lot of OEM business and I saw a lot of blue vending machines I was walking around those two facilities I was in. And so they are very tightly related. But the weakness we are seeing in our top 100 customers, heavily, heavily weights on what you are seeing on the vending because vending quite frankly, if you think about the vending machine, our goal with the FAST 5000 is when we place it, our goal is to get $2,000 in monthly revenue. And so vending by its nature tends to lend itself to a larger customer rather than a smaller customer because the $500 a month customer, if were getting a lions share of the business, they are probably -- they are not a target for a vending machine where you are targeting 2,000 -- that I spend.
Flavio Campos: But are you -- do you have a strategy to target those -- that end of -- those smaller customers as well or theyre just not as attractive for any solution as a top 100?
Dan Florness: We are targeting every customer that has the business potential to justify it, whether that customer is a national account or a local account and in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. We are bringing that value to customers that the vending machine is valuable to. So that customer has to spend to make economic sense for their business to have vending, were bringing it to them; we dont care what group theyre in.
Lee Hein: And Flavio, we dont care whether its gloves, office supplies, beverage, water. We look at the customer and we go in; we do a process mapping and we try to tailor our deployment by size of machine, number of machines to really give them the benefit of vending. We have a smaller 3000 we have a 5000, we have lockers. And so we really try to come to the customer with some type of solution that fits their business needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Uhlman: I guess the first point of clarification seems pricing is still a headwind to revenue growth. I was wondering if you could detail how much that was a drag on your year-over-year sales growth. And then secondly, it sounds like you have a good amount of traction with the smaller accounts coming through and I might have missed it but what was your active account growth for the quarter?
Dan Florness: I dont have that number handy right off the cuff. That number is probably mid single digits I guess.
Lee Hein: Yes, 3 to 4.
Dan Florness: And that number is -- so much of our growth is coming from -- there is two components to our growth. There is active account growth and there is dollars per active. So much of our growth has been centered on dollars per active in this environment because all of our growth drivers with the exception of the people weve been adding now in the last 12 months. But the growth drivers of the last three or four years have really centered on means to additional dollars per active because its very, very profitable growth for us.
Adam Uhlman: What was the drag on revenue growth this quarter from pricing?
Dan Florness: The exchange rate drag from a pricing standpoint was about 1%. If you look at our year-over-year number, most of the drag comes from mix and not from pricing. Id say probably a quarter of a 1% drag -- a quarter of our drop in the gross profit was more about pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: I wanted to start with a bit more color on June. I know there was an extra day in the month and also it ended in mid week but you still missed the sequential pattern by a decent amount. So, Im just wondering how the months play out and then are there any other signs of life outside of the energy delta coming in a bit? 
Lee Hein: June was disappointing, there is no question and even at the 1% on the extra day it was not where we wanted it. And when you look at and you talk about outside of the oil and gas, some bright spots for us I look at some things that are happening taking place within the business in Florida and California in some of our Midwest regions, were starting to see Canada when you really factor in the native currency is actually performing well. And so this oil and gas thing as weve talked before Ryan, its just got such a ripple effect through the economy and through the business that its just waiting astound. But if you look at non-res, thats we think and when we look at our information, we believe thats heavily tied to oil and gas. So thats a factor. We look at ag and heavy manufacturing, all headwinds right now for us.
Ryan Merkel: And I guess maybe a follow up is lacking anything else, should we just sort of assume normal sequential patterns for sort of the rest of the year just because there is really no obvious catalysts that youre seeing in your business, is that a fair statement?
Lee Hein: Thats a fair statement.
Ryan Merkel: The second question and Dan you sort of hit on this but I want to ask it again. I thought that the higher EBIT margin year-over-year with lower gross margins was a big positive. But its hard to tell how much of that is one-time cost cutting versus Pathway to Profit really starting to shine through. And Pathway to Profit really wasnt shinning through last year for example because gross margins were sort of coming down so much and offsetting it. So my question is, should investors view your results this quarter as a positive long-term signal that you can raise EBIT margins even if gross margin moderates due to mix?
Dan Florness: I believe so. Weve touched on that and really talked about the mix; what it does to gross profit but the inherent cost structure that we have and the ability to leverage that cost structure. One of the things I shared with our board yesterday is if you look at our business, we have the 80% of our business thats gone through either U.S. or Canadian store and 20% of our business thats either going through what we call an onsite situation or a strategic account store where we have a very close tight relationship with a large customer or our non-U.S. and Canadian store business. If I set those aside and look at the 80% of store business, when we set up the Pathway to Profit back in 2007, most of our business was going through that piece that store piece. And we said as this piece continues to mature, we could take the operating margins from the 18.3 we are at, to north of 23. This quarter if I look at strictly the store subset, so that chunk of business that represents about 80% of our sales, we were at north of 23%. So we actually hit our pathway to profit target in that subset of stores. And weve always said thats a point in time number because that group of stores is about 106,000 a month in business. So, I think its very, very bullish for our long-term ability to drive the profit machine that is Fastenal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: I wanted to just actually again follow up on the SG&A. I mean I understand you are in low growth environment and so it makes sense to really double down and try and dial back the costs. But Dan, you did mention you havent seen this kind of performance in the 19 years youve been at Fastenal. So, Im curious, beyond the next couple of quarters, were changes made in the way youre running the business that are permanent and sustainable? Can you maybe share a little more color on that?
Dan Florness: Well, I mean the leverage that we described in Pathway to Profit, thats structural. Thats a case of our occupancy, as a percentage of sales, continues to decline because were running more dollars through that same building. The portion of our labor thats tethered to the store becomes the smaller and smaller portion of our labor pool. Those kinds of things are structural. The things that arent structural that are part of the tug-of-war of life if you will is one of the challenges Lee put out to the team and I think the team responded tremendously to is hey folks, were investing and adding all these people; we cant spend money doing other things; weve always been frugal with travel and sometimes we joke about some of the things we do when we travel because thats who we are. Weve doubled down on that. Now, how permanent that component is, is a function of the tug-of-war of life. If we were growing faster, Lees message might not have resonated quite as deeply with our district managers, our national accounts folks, our regionals because they might be traveling a little bit more because they are visiting more customers, they visiting more people, they are more things. And sometimes you dial that back, maybe you dont need to have that meeting; maybe you have that meeting as a conference call rather than a face-to-face; maybe you do these things in the short-term, but those in the scheme of our expense pool are relatively small but they are very symbolic. And the fact that we managed our travel, our non-store operating expenses as well as we did, I think was enhanced by the called action that Lee put out there, three, six and 12 months ago but we demonstrated we can do it when we need to do it because when you are growing your top line 5%, youve got to do things like that that maybe you wont have to do if you were growing at 12 to 14.
Robert Barry: Right. Fair enough.
Lee Hein: Let me just add here -- yes, Rob, Id just add one thing though and you have to link this together that when you put a call out to the troops and you get them into the why and I said that at the opening, they were asking and they want to grow; their commission plans are setup that ways. So, they want to grow; they want to take market share; they want to serve at a higher level. So, when you put out that we want to add energy in your store but I need a little help over here; thats what were talking about. They saw the reason and they responded like Dan said, the team just did a tremendous job.
Robert Barry: Could I also just follow-up on the vending some of the disclosure absent this third quarter was also the signings and installs on a machine equivalent basis; is that something that you could provide?
Dan Florness: That will be in our Q. Let me see if I have that page handy here. Lets see, on a machine equivalent basis, okay, the signings number would be 3,931 versus the 2,916 we did in the first quarter. The installs at the end of the period would be 37,714 versus 35,997 at the end of first quarter and I think the rest of stuff was in our release.
Robert Berry: So, even on an equivalent basis, thats pretty good acceleration year-over-year. And anything in particular driving the acceleration in the signings?
Dan Florness: We have a group of store employees, district managers and national account members that are keyed at driving that number because one thing that we know about our business that we keep reiterating with our team, the vending machine is a sign of engagement with your customer. If you are truly engaged with your customer, you should be able to put vending machines out there and it makes the business stickier and its good common sense, have a reason to be in talking to your customer multiple times a week.
Lee Hein: I think the other thing too Rob is again I worked in the store and when you -- and again, its a world of competition and we like that, we love it. And so when a competitor comes in and they see our blue machines in there, our folks are starting to understand that how tough it is for the competition to get us out. And its a learning curve with 2,600 stores, 2,700 that more and more stores are adopting, more and more stores are seeing the benefit, more customers. And for me personally, if I am in a store and I have a customer with vending and I show you and take you to that customer and you see it in action, that is how we continue to see more engagement and more adoption in the field.
Robert Berry: I you had actually purposefully dialed down the pace a little bit a year or so ago in an effort to improve the efficiency and the profitability. I mean, do you think given youve made progress there youre dialing up the aggression a little bit?
Lee Hein: I think its -- what we said earlier, I think, this is actually linked to whats going on with our national accounts. Everybody is engaged with vending, whether its a local store; district managers; regionals; and national accounts, but as our national accounts are providing the growth, are also providing a lot of what were seeing on our vending right now.
Dan Florness: And its 09:42 Central. It looks like we have time for one quick question, if there is any left.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Robert McCarthy of Stifel. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Now, in terms of -- I mean, I dont know if I missed this earlier, but did you talk about what you thought incremental margins could be in the back half for the year? Did you talk about kind of the 20s range or the 30s range, I forget?
Dan Florness: Our goal is always to be as close to 30 as we can. And I was frankly surprised by -- pleasantly surprised by the fact we were able to hit 40 despite the fact that June came a little weaker than we thought it was going to be. And I noted that on the last calls, we get antsy when that number is below 25. Because that number isnt at least better than our operating profit, whats causing us to
Robert McCarthy: Right.
Dan Florness: If were losing that because were consciously making an investment in something, thats one thing but our anxiousness rises if were not meaningfully beating that number.
Robert McCarthy: Could you just talk about the effective -- kind of the roll over steel prices, have you seen any impact in terms of pricing and gross margin, how would you quantify it?
Dan Florness: We have seen the impact in our revenue; we have seen the impact in our gross profit. Its difficult to quantify it, because sometimes there is a lot of noise in the numbers. We have different customers and there you have customers we are changing the source of supply because youre bringing a better cost value to them. Its not just in steel; it could be in non-steel products as well. But there is no doubt about steel is creating headwind for us and its creating some challenges; it also creates some opportunities. Earlier on -- when I asked about our gross margin change, I indicated about half of the drop from Q1 to Q2, centered on our supplier incentives and probably about quarter of the drop related to the impacts of pricing.
Robert McCarthy: Pricing, okay. And then in terms of the back half of the year, I mean obviously, you can look at the sequential patterns but also the compares are little tougher. I mean, I guess, you still see the prospects for positive organic growth in the back half for the year, given what weve seen in terms of June?
Dan Florness: Yes.
Dan Florness: It is 9:45. Wed like to thank everybody again for your listening on the call and your interest in Fastenal. And well talk to everybody soon.
Lee Hein: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jan Degallier - IR Lee Hein - President and CEO Dan Florness - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group Flavio Campos - Credit Suisse Ryan Merkel - William Blair Luke Junk - Robert W Baird Charles Redding - BB&T Capital Markets  Robert McCarthy - Stifel  Kwame Webb - Morningstar Brent Rakers - Thomson Research Group
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fastenal Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Ms. Jan Degallier, ma'am, you may begin.
Jan Degallier : Thank you. Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Lee Hein, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Lee and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2015, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lee Hein.
Lee Hein: Thanks, Jan. Good morning and welcome to our Q1 2015 call. The quarter was when you look at it's really two stories. One of things we can control and things we cannot control. Obviously the things outside our control are the currency, weather, oil and gas and the port situation in California. But the things we can control, I think when I look at the Fastenal team I think it was a solid quarter. But that being said I will always say this that when we see single digit revenue growth, we are not satisfied nor are we happy. But with 8.8% growth we did some things and I think hats off to the Fastenal team when you look at some different areas. When I look at the fact that we stabilized our gross margins and I know there has been questions there but I look at the fact that we were able to do some things there. And a lot of that is truly execution when you really look at what our people are doing at the point of transaction. The second thing is we challenged our Fastenal team to really live within our means. And what I mean by that, that's an old school BK philosophy that if we don't need it, don't buy it. And you saw that play out in the first quarter when you look at meal, travel and entertainment. We made a conscious decision to spend our money on labor and the stores. We said no to things that may sound nice and may actually help us long term in some regards but today we made a decision to invest in our store to fuel our growth to drive profits and that's what you saw play out on the expense side even when you take out the tailwind on the fuel.  The other thing, some other highlights, we grew our earnings 14%, that's a nice leverage when you consider we are at 8.8% on daily average growth. More importantly and more impressive I think is the team was able to put up 32.2% incremental margin growth. Again a number that I think most companies would just -- would be thrilled with. When you look at the added energy in the store, I want to -- this is where we really got to get down to what's truly happenings boots on the ground. From the end of Q3, 2014 up until the end of Q1, 2015, we've added 1,000 people into our stores. Now most of those heads came in the last half of Q1. January, folks I got to tell you, January coupled with the weather, the fact that the kids aren't back to school. It's a rough month for recruiting. But in the second half of February and in the month of March, that's when you started to see the team really start to bring people into the stores. And we will continue that. Going forward, we are committed to energy in the stores. We are committed also to looking at a few of our stores. When I look I talk about that our large stores, our stores with the high number of customer, we would just say a lot of traffic. We are looking at adding products into some of those stores to also build invoice, build customer satisfaction all the things that we try to do everyday.  The other thing and lastly I think a shout out really to Nick's team on the inventory side coming at 867 with inventory at 869 a year ago really is again a testament to the Fastenal team and what we can do when we put our minds to it.  With that I will turn it over to Dan.
Dan Florness : Thanks, Lee. And good morning, everybody. And for those of you that are wondering he is referring to Nick Lundquist and the team on the supply chain and a really nice job of managing the inventory in a tough environment.  I'm going to -- typical to prior quarters Im going to reiterate few of the points made and then touch on a few additional. I have the opportunity to talk to a lot of folks in the Wall Street community over the course of the month. And one confusion there has been and what we talked about in the January call, I just want to reiterate here. And that is Lee touched on it and we really are focused on adding energy into the store to free up the time of our sales people to get out and sell more. And as Lee mentioned in the last 12 months, we've added more than 1,000 people 1,067 to be exact. And we intend to keep adding people to the store level and internally the way we've described to our folks is we have just under 300 district managers in the organization. And we would like to be in a position for each of those district managers to on a net basis add an employee into their business each month. And most of that hiring is going to be part time, we continue to want beef up our ranks on the part time. It's really a means for us to recruit long term because we go into two and four year -- two year technical colleges, four year state colleges, we recruit people with a year or two years left to school with the hopes that when they graduate, they can come work for us full time and we can really hit the ground running. And we have the dollars to put a lot of training into them during their entire cycle with Fastenal. So if we added 300 people a month and say did it for a hopefully nine months or 10 months of the year, maybe nine months, but you would be adding about 15% to your FTE base in the business. So you add 3,000 people, they work about little less than 20 hours a week. You start with a group of 10,000 FTE, you add 1,500 on to that it is 15%. I don't know when the dust settles at the end of the year if well hit that 15% number or if it will be closer to 12% to 13%. The economy is going to dictate a little bit how hard we push on that. But that's our intention to invest heavily into time in the store and free up our sales people who are quite frankly the best in the industry. Free up their time to get out and sell. And as Lee touched on, quite a few of those came in the last really two months. In the first quarter here we added about 614 people into our store locations. Little bit in the release starting on Page 5, talk about the environment; tough environment out there. Our sales growth softened as we got deeper into the quarter. Weather hit us hard in the January, February timeframe. Oil and gas and some of our customers that are involved with export markets, the currencies  the US - strong US dollar is not helping export. So our business did weaken as we went through the quarter. You really see it showing up in the industrial, the production side of our business and as we talked about in the release, the best way to think about that is on the fastener side. Our fasteners grew about 6% for the quarter. They were growing 10% and 11% in the third and fourth quarter of last year. So that business really slowed down. We didn't lose any customers but those customers are producing fewer widgets and therefore they need fewer fasteners.  The non-fastener business still maintains double digit growth. It did weaken, it will move directionally with the other business. But that is a much -- it's a more resilient piece of business for us. And part of it really stems to the fact that it's heavily influenced by our vending initiative of the last five years.  Starting on Page 10, we talk about the earnings and probably the things that jump out for me when I look at it personally are, and frankly I think it is pretty impressive report. And I am the first one to let our folks know when we had a weak quarter. I am also the first one let them know we had a strong quarter. And I think from an execution standpoint we put out a nice report because we actually hit it well. I mean we added in the last 12 months over a 1,000 people into our stores. We managed our labor expenses well. We managed our non labor expenses even better. We were helped obviously by the fuel and gas prices in our business but that was known item for everybody. But even outside of that we did a wonderful job managing our business.  Finally, cash flow. Cash flow was very strong. Partly as Lee touched on, we did nice job with our inventory but a strong performance looking at all aspects of the cash flow statements, some things that might be worth pointing out. Late yesterday we announced our second quarter dividend, the $0.28 a share. That is consistent with our dividend in the first quarter. Late March we announced that our Board had increased repurchase authorization for buying back stock to 4 million shares. Just to give you a brief history on that. In January, they established a 2 million share authorization. From mid February till the latter part of the March, we spent and bought back 2 million shares. We spent roughly $82 million. We bought back stock at -- just under $41 a share. This depleted that authority, therefore we asked our Board and they agreed to establish a 4 million authorization to use going forward. We have been in the process of increasing our credit facility. So we are in a position to exercise that if the market sees fit. And we will see how that plays out. I think the report is pretty straight forward this quarter. So not let noise to it. Obviously, the top line weakening is probably the most noteworthy thing again everywhere it seem generating February numbers. So no surprises there. And I have one item I'll throw out as a reminder and then we will switch over to question and answer. And that reminder is just you remind you focus our annual meeting is next Tuesday at 10 AM.  With that we will turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Robert Barry : Hi, guys, good morning. I did I wanted to start by asking about gross margin because you mentioned that you had stabilized it in the quarter and it's positive. But it sounds like the language in the release sharpened a little bit this quarter and now seems to call for ongoing decline as average store size grows and since you are not adding stores it sounds like essentially same gross margin decline as the business grows. So can you clarify what the expectation is for the gross margin going forward? 
Dan Florness : Yes. I will take that one. I don't recall if it was the January call or the October call. But in that previous call -- one of the things that I don't know the people always appreciate, we've talked about our pathway to profit table for years. And in that pathway to profit, as our stores mature they become more profitable because we dramatically leverage the fixed cost structure of our business. The flip side of that coin is you know if you are visiting $50,000 store, you don't have very many $20,000 and $30,000 a month customers in that store. I would be surprised if you have one. You visit a $150,000 store and you could have several. You could have three customers doing $20,000 and $30,000 a month. And those customers first off they have more ability to negotiate pricing. But more importantly than that we have the ability to go after that business in a different way because that market is little different. And so you go after that business because you have more predictability of what your need is and you can be a little sharper with your pencil. Because you know that those revenue dollars and more importantly those gross profit dollars while there are some added expenses of serving them, you are still in the same building. You are still the same semi delivering product. And so when we move from $100,000 store, if you look at all of our stores over $100,000, our average store in that group is about $165,000 a month. Our gross margin in that group and I am just reiterating what we talked about earlier, our gross margin in that group is about 90 to 100 basis points lower than the rest of our stores. However, our operating expenses drop off around 450 basis points. So that $165,000 store has profit relative to the sales dollar thats 350 basis points higher but there is some trade off, you have given up little bit a gross margin, you are picking up at operating leverage. We like that trade off and so as we move -- once we popped above $100,000 a month in sales, as we move further away from $100,000 a month, I would expect our gross margin to decline. And I'll take that trade off of $1 here for $4.5 over there. 
Robert Barry : Yes. So it sounds like the outlook for gross margin is essentially a secular decline but you expect more than make up for it at the operating margin level through SG&A leverage. 
Dan Florness : Yes. 3.5:1
Robert Barry : And I noticed you took the table out of the release this quarter that shows how the margins are progressing in the various store buckets. I don't know if that will be in the Q but maybe you can just share some thoughts on what has been happening with the margin in the largest bucket because it look like it had been declining.
Dan Florness : Well, the operating margin improved and you see that shine through, if you look at our stores that do over $100,000 a month, that's about half of our revenue. And so our overall profits were up 100 basis points from last year. That group was a big piece of that equation. I removed it for a couple of reasons. I think one thing when we started the pathway to profit back in 2007, we dramatically expanded some of the information we disclosed really because it was a big change for Fastenal. Five years ago when we introduced the industrial vending, we expanded a bunch of our disclosures because again that was a big change for Fastenal. And one thing we like to be in a position to do always with our shareholders is to be able to think out loud openly and honestly feel what we are doing. I kind of got -- I started to signal last year that I was going to pull back some of the disclosures. Not because we want to disclose less but we want to make sure that all the stuff we disclose doesn't create noise and take away from the message. And it's really -- because you want to focus on here the major things and here the minor things. And so we are trying to pare it back a little bit so we have little bit more concise report. And I am firm believer after 7-8 years of showing pathway to profit for the people that believe it you don't need to see it every quarter. For the people that don't believe it after eight years, I don't know how to convince anybody. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Flavio Campos with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Flavio Campos: Hi, there. Thank you for taking my questions. Just focusing on gross margin just very quickly on Q1. It looks like fuel helped you about a 10 bps right little bit of reduction to that $8.8 million this quarter. And you guys talked a little bit about seasonality as well. So if you can just help us bridge that and if you can also talk a little bit about the fact that on the fastener business you had a lot of cost deflation on the supplier side and now we are seeing a little bit of that price pressure on your customer side as you called out on the release. And if that mismatch in timing has also helped gross margin right now or if you are actually passing through a lot of the savings? 
Dan Florness : Yes, no, the gross margin really hasn't been helping any timing. Where we do have contracts that are tied to a CRU or some other type of index, it usually mirrors the turn of our inventory. So really when I look at the gross margin and I try to touch on that in the release, the improvement in gross margin, there is always a seasonal lift that occurs. And the real impact is we have a fixed cost with our trucking network. That truck is going, [inaudible] from Winona is Redwing, Minnesota. There is a truck that stops there every morning. Whether that truck is carrying 10 packages or 20 packages, cost of the truck is the same. And from October to November, December, our volumes will drop off meaningfully because of the seasonality of the business. And so that fixed cost of that truck weighs little heavily -- more heavily on the sales. When our sales snap up in the first quarter that truck still cost us the same, I am ignoring fuel here for a second, that truck still cost us the same but we are delivering 10% more boxes. And so that lift is always there and drag is always there in the fourth quarter.  I think what's more important about our gross margin is we did more than that. We got the lift that's there. It was [inaudible] a little bit as you mentioned because our fuel cost came in less than say a year ago, less than even fourth quarter although that delta is smaller. But more importantly we did a better job pricing our product and sourcing our product. A lot of our sourcing is done at the store level which is fairly unique for industrial distributors in general because we are very entrepreneurial in our nature. And it's really you know looking at everybody square in the eye and challenging everybody, what we need to stop this and stabilize. And we did a little bit better than that. 
Flavio Campos: Perfect, that's very helpful color. Thank you for that. And if I can just have a quick follow up on the non-res side of the business, that slowdown a lot in March end, that seems a little less levered to the headwinds of oil and gas and exports, I am not sure if that's accurate but if you just could comment on a little bit on the health of that end market.
Dan Florness : Yes. That business did slowdown for us. One item just keeps in mind, a chunk of our non-res construction is directly tied to energy. Its infrastructure because where we operate and the infrastructure is being built to support the production as well as downstream refining and the transmission in between. We are involved in those three stages of oil and gas. So oil and gas does have an impact on our non-res. But that business was little weaker, part of that was weather standard, but it did soft a little bit. I think there is a lot of tentativeness in the marketplace right now. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys, good morning. So first question, when I look at your March growth rate and I look at the IFM index, it looks like demand is slowing sort of beyond oil and gas and beyond exports. Are you seeing this is well and what do you think is driving this? 
Dan Florness : Well, I think, yes, we are but I think what you really have is those two you mentioned export and oil and gas. That casts one heck of a shadow; it is not just the folks that are directly involved in that business. If you are in the same geographic area and the manufacturing pace, the manufacturing heartbeat of that area is weaker, everything else is kind of takes a step down. If you are working at industrial business and you are kind of worried about what's going on your business, people aren't as quick to other things to buy a car, to buy a thing to make a renovation to their home. People just say let's wait and hold because I don't need to replace this television set today. Stuffs like that, you just become a little bit more conservative because everybody is little nervous. 
Lee Hein : Ryan, I jump in and the other thing on the oil and gas, last call we talked about it being 10% to 12% from a geographic standpoint. But even when you start to consider the steel mill that's making the frac pipe, we didn't even -- that's not in part of our discussion last quarter but there is a ripple effect that I think as Dan said that is greater than I think most people really understand. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And asking at a different way. Do you have the growth rate in the quarter for the energy state, the non energy state; was there a big difference there? 
Dan Florness : I don't have that right in front of me, Ryan. But if I was looking at the energy in general, in case of March, that's probably about 3% impact. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then incremental margins were very strong as you pointed out. But I am just wondering if growth store stays at 6% -7% ranges and then you are going to ramp the FTEs, if it sounds like, what's the reasonable incremental margin range in your mind if you look at 2Q, 3Q, 4Q?
Dan Florness : Well, one thing to keep in mind, once second quarter and third quarter last year our gross margin was at 50.8, fourth quarter it took little dip down now we are back at 50.8, we could be in a position to invest well and if the noise of gross margin is silent, it's really about our operating expenses. And I see no reason why -- yes, I don't know if it will stay north of 30 but I feel very good about staying north to 25.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Luke Junk with Robert W Baird. Your line now is open.
Luke Junk: Yes, just building off your last comment there on the gross margin line, Dan, Just kind of way out in terms of the outlook for the rest of the year, things that you can't control and some of the things say you have been working on a pricing side. First is maybe some of the headwinds we might face this year especially in the fastener product line, just how this -- in your act and maybe better understanding as we are seeing the drop in steel prices right now and piece of your business that you are probably turning less than two times per year just how would you expect some lower steel prices to work its way into the P&L as we go forward here. 
Dan Florness : Well, that the lower steel prices, any time you have deflation it creates a challenging environment and we have been in a situation having deflation now for a few years. And so it makes challenging as we go through the year. At the end of the day though I really looked at it in a little longer term perspective than just that. As I try to understand what are the long-term drivers of our gross margin. Because that's really the things that you are focus on. And the long-term drivers of our gross margin are really gets down to business and product mix. So customer mix, how much of our business is coming through stores of different sizes that we touched on earlier in the call. How much is coming with customer of different sizes. One thing that we've done a nice job in recent years and by recent years I am saying the last 15, but we've done nice job of leveraging this infrastructure that is Fastenal, the store base as Fastenal and growing our larger counter national comp business quite aggressively. That continues to outgrow the rest of the business. Not because that we are losing opportunities in the smaller customer base, is because we are under represented in large customer base. So we continue to grow little bit faster there. To me long term the growth in that large customer base as well as the residual impact to our product mix that ultimately drives our gross margin. And as we see as our revenue base grows and our gross margin does decline a bit, we do a very nice job of our business model leveraging that cost. And do a nice job with a pretax which really at the end of the day is the of all the numbers in the P&L, really don't they want matters is the one at the bottom of the page. Everything else above that is just discussion point. But it's still healthy to appreciate the point and understand how that differs from business but ultimately it gets down to what our customer mix and what's our product mixes within those customers. 
Luke Junk: And then just follow up. Lee you mentioned that the port situation was something that did impacted during the quarter. Just curious at a high level what impact it may have had on your supply chain, on product pricing, need to source any product domestically you typically import et cetera.
Lee Hein : We kind of try to get a message to our folks that we thought this thing would get rectified and to really try to take care of our customers but really we took I think fairly tough stands and we are not going to go out and find something or secure parts domestically and eat the difference. So we did a nice job there to put a number on I can do that. But it cause I think for maybe a few months or month, a little bit of problems here and there but nothing to the degree that it really move the needle for us on the margin side. 
Dan Florness : One thing that helps us in situations like this is the fact that we have -- with inventories turns roughly two times a year. So we have more resiliency than our peers really do when it comes to this matter because we have 2,600 -2,700 store locations and 14 distribution centers. We have a lot of inventory stored around the country. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charles Redding with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Charles Redding: Hi, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. I wondered if you could just drill on a little more on Canada. I realized your exposure certainly more heavily weighted towards the eastern markets. Have you seen a weakness there advantage to direct oil and gas exposure? Are you seeing that really bleed over into and some of the more ancillary markets? 
Dan Florness : For a Western Canada, obviously our business there has been impacted pretty dramatically. And yes it bleeds over into everything in that geographic area as you noted in your question. When we originally entered Canada, we entered from essentially Southern Ontario and grew through Ontario and then from there expanding East and West. So the core of our business is really in the province of Ontario. That business there is held up reasonably well. If I am looking at in Canadian dollar. Obviously, the Canadian currency is very much tied to the fact that their economy is tied to extractive industries. And the weakness in oil and gas, weakness in energy in general is not helped their currency. So we are in a local currency basis we are growing reasonably well. But when compared to the USD, that's what we report in, picture isn't quite so good but the -- underline, and business is sound. 
Charles Redding: Okay, thanks. And then on heavy manufacturing and Ag, I know your exposure there is relatively limited as well. But if you could just color, provide a little more color on heavy manufacturing right now and trends, where you are seeing now you are seeing that shaping up over the next quarter or two?
Dan Florness : That piece is pretty weak right now. A chunk of our heavy manufacturing is tied to -- easy way to describe it big wheel pieces of equipment and those and that's mining equipment type, agricultural equipment, it might be military equipment. We have a good focus there because those end markets really value what we can bring to their table from the standpoint of fastener expertise and fastener availability as well and everything else that goes with it. Although that is a pretty weak right now. You folks know as well as we do what's going on in some of those end markets as far as with some of those large customers are experiencing right now. It's not a pretty picture. And so that's impacting our fastener business because it is impacting our heavy manufacturing. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter in a tough operating environment. Yes, I guess one -- this question has been asked prior but could you just walk through, do you think there was any kind of benefits from kind of the rollover and steel just from a contract perspective and those contracts get reset, how are you thinking about kind of more of normalized gross margin at the back half of the year, it is a bit of leading question so you can argue with the partners, so that's fine but I just wanted to ask it. 
Dan Florness : Yes. I'll answer this way. Deflation in steel never helps our reported margin. If the steel based products that-- are the slowest turning for us. If there is some deflation in non-steel product that we sell so the non fasteners that inventory turns little faster. There you can realize some impact. For us what we are always endeavoring to do is manage the noise of timing. In other words manage where you are giving price concession, where you are not. And really the only time you ever really can get an impact as if you go back to I think it was 2008 timeframe, there was a lot of inflation going on in steel. And we actually saw some short-term gross margin improvement because of it. That was a little unusual because it was so extreme. But generally speaking we-- the lift-- the improvement we had in gross margin is, if there is any impact from steel pricing in there it's negligible, -- not it is measurable. 
Robert McCarthy: Really -- immaterial
Dan Florness : No.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Then the second question is I mean and I know you are reluctant to pull out your crystal ball the last year, I mean just looking at the comparison in the back half of the year and some of your comments about non-residence construction in terms of the fact that oil and gas, I mean its number the emanation from oil and gas that we -- is going to affect more markets than we would like and we would think. How do you think about the -- if you saw a commercial construction recovery or some strike in the back half of this year and the comparison, are the prospects there that you could still see kind of mid to the high single digit organic growth in terms of sales given the acceleration in non-res.
Dan Florness : We believe so. That the business really weakened in this three months period. We don't know where we are in the weakening cycle. We don't know if it is 90% behind us or 50% behind us. We don't know. 
Lee Hein : Where oils going in
Dan Florness : Yes. What we do know is that, I think we've demonstrated an incredible resiliency to managing through it. And I think the selling energy we've added into our stores gives us a great means to defend, anything that markets going to deliver to us. But our folks have always been on and Lee touched on really well at the beginning. And being the farm kid I appreciate that perspective really well. You worry about the things you can affect. I don't worry about the weather when I am grown up on the farm because I can't affect it. I worry about how I react to it. Same thing here. I don't worry about the economy. But we do focus our energy and how we can react to it. And I know that's not a real satisfying answer to your question. It is but largely because we don't frankly know what the economies going to deliver in the next 9 to 12 months. 
Robert McCarthy: Has a one more question, I am sorry. But I mean is there any data point you are seeing in terms of your order book, your sales that has been particularly troubling or that you are really monitoring closely versus just a normal slowdown versus pronounced cyclical rollover. Is there any evidence on side or the other? 
Dan Florness : No. There is not. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kwame Webb from Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Kwame Webb: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my call today. So there has been a lot of talk about adding support people to the stores. Maybe you can just kind of bring us up to date on what you have done in terms of headcount additions for the national sales initiative? Just in terms of adding extra bodies, adding extra IT resources, just to help we understand a little bit better why that business seems to be growing a lot faster than historically was. 
Dan Florness : I think it is a case of all the things that we've done, it is a combination. It is not about what we did in the last three months or six months or twelve months. It is a combination. Our store footprint puts us in a position. Picture yourself you have -- last week we had our annual customer show down in Nashville, Tennessee. I had the opportunity over the course of three days to talk to probably more customers than I had ever talked to in a three day period which was a wonderful event because what it demonstrated to me is how much opportunity there is out there. And I think that's what really drives for us long term is maybe sometimes the realization of how big the opportunity really is. And what that means for our ability to grow our business. And so the fact that we positioned ourselves with a great store network, staff with great people, a distribution and support infrastructure behind the scene to support day to day activities. Last five years we've built the basically $0.5 billion a year business, selling products through vending machines. And all those things support a multi location customer who wants to have product available for their employees but doesn't want to have voice, that's where vending comes in, who wants to have a supplier base that can support him not in one location or five location but all 20 locations. 
Lee Hein : Yes. They want consistency. 
Lee Hein : Yes. And so that's a really important thing. And I think we just over the years have gotten better at realizing what we bring to the table. And probably, at least I can speak for myself, realizing just how massive the opportunity is out there. And that's why I am a firm believer that business is growing faster because we are under represented there. Not because the small comp business isn't growing, is because we are under represented in one and we are really poised to sell into that and demonstrate what we can do. And take advantage of growth there. 
Kwame Webb: And I want to say about a year ago I had a conversation with you guys in terms of just making sure all the incentives were there. I believe there were some commentary saying that you are comfortable paying double commissions both at the store level end and at the national accounts level, just to make sure that people want to compete against each other for business, is that still true? 
Dan Florness : We believe it is harder to grow than it is to maintain. We pay a higher commission on growth. Just like we pay a higher bonus to our non sales personnel on profit growth than on profit. Because status quo is easier than change. And we reward for change. 
Lee Hein : Your question I believe are we stacking commissions both at the -- on a national account rep percent, yeah, we pay both but is much like the national account folks are the hunter but our stores do the work, day to day to support the accounts. We pay both and that's factored into our decision and it is great move. We are lined up but that's a company. If the company wins, our employees, our leadership wins, our support folks win. We don't, we move on. 
Dan Florness : And our shareholders with
Lee Hein : Yes
Kwame Webb: And just before I hop, when we talk about this big national account wins, who exactly is this business coming from? Is it still mom and pop or is it more sort of national top 15, top 20 type industrial distributors? 
Dan Florness : It is coming from -- it is come from everywhere. There are a lot of very, very good local and regional distributors out there. And they have probably 70% of the market. And so just to add let say they should be getting impacted 70% of the time. And so it's both but it is a mix.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brent Rakers with Thomson Research Group. Your line is n now open. 
Brent Rakers : Yes, good morning. I want to follow up on the implications. I guess the cost application of some of the employee additions you are talking about, if -- Dan, if you hit the targets by the time the fourth quarter comes around, do you have a sense for what the impact would be on overall compensation? Are we talking about an $8 million to $10 million a quarter type of number? 
Dan Florness : The real driver is looking at that those 300 people we are adding every month. And the way to think about it is we are adding 300 people. They are working let just say for discussion sake 20 hours a week. And depending on what the geography is our average hourly rate is $5 or $11, so that probably the best way to think about the math, Brent is kind of those three pieces and that's kind of the layering effect we have on each month going forward as far as the expense. 
Brent Rakers : Then I guess Dan or Lee, the related question is how you look at the -- that the payback from that. I mean you are adding -- you are talking about adding basically about 15% FTEs, how productive does that make the other store sellers to get that revenue growth and gross profit dollar to offset or even to get a decent return on the those part time additions? 
Dan Florness : It doesn't take a lot of business to get pay back on that type of expense especially when you are spread it across 100 and some thousand dollar store, but what it does provide is the employee based that we have in that store, I am really talking about the sales people that we have in that store, the season sales people, that's A, it is an inexpensive population but more importantly it is a very productive population but if they are come in everyday to help receive in the truck or to make deliveries, it's just -- it removes from their day, from their window, that the pure amount of time they get out and sell and again as I touched on in the earlier question about opportunity. Opportunity is staggering. I still visit a lot of stores and I am always amazed by just when I asked people in the store what are some of the customers, or what are some of the opportunities in this market, the opportunity is staggering and we want to be able to unleash that because this cost at the end of the day on a store by store basis, because if you look at it we have around 2,600 and 2,700 stores. We are talking about really adding one person per store over the course of 12 months. Doesn't take a lot of revenue dollars, gross profit dollars to pay for that and get a pretty attractive return because all your other expenses in the store are fixed.
Lee Hein : And Brent, I would just jump in, when you add a part-timer and now I am going back to my days in the store, when you add a part timer into a store, or you have a general manager and OSP and a team that understands the value they bring to the market then they can actually present that more often, the return on that part timer is hard to measure. The Dan is really touching on a lot of things. We have opportunity within current customers. We saw that last week in Nashville. But we need to be out in the market daily, taking market share and that's what this part time employee brings not only but it is the other side of the coin is the part timer gets to understand our company and our culture to make a decision long term for them. It is a win-win for both the employee coming in and for our teams in the store. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Lee Hein for closing remarks.
Lee Hein : We just want to again thank you. We appreciate your support. We don't take it for granted. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Dan Florness : Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Investor Relations Lee Hein - President and CEO Dan Florness - Chief Financial Officer Will Oberton - Chairman
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James John Baliotti - Janney Capital Markets Winnie Clark - UBS David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Ryan Merkel - William Blair Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fastenal Company Q4 and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2014 annual and fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Lee Hein, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present for todays call is Will Oberton, our Chairman. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations with Lee and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2015, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lee Hein.
Lee Hein: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning. Before I start, Id like to just say thank you to the Fastenal members on the call, I know there is a lot of you that tuned into this and we are so appreciative of the work that you did in the fourth quarter. So just a great job and Id like to report that it was a good quarter for our company, 13.8% sales growth, thats 15% or 15.7% on the daily average and there will be some questions I am sure on Christmas and December was in line with the rest of the quarter. We just thought it was a right thing to do to take the 26%. 20.1% on earnings growth and that equated to 28% incremental margin growth, which again these are strong numbers for our company. And how we got, there really was we continue to work hard on our gross margin, but in this quarter we really focused our attention on our expenses and the Fastenal Company and their members, Ive got to tell you really did a nice job looking at all different types of expenses and we really clamped down and one thing that really came out is our ability to manage our labor. Historically, our daily average is going to decline somewhere around 10% from the end of October to the end of the year, we know that. And what we simply did is we turn down the hours or pullback the hours and we look at the timing of Thanksgiving, Christmas, et cetera, and just with the natural decline in our daily average. But we continue to add people at the company and especially in the part-time ranks and I would say in 2015 with the good economy we are committed to putting selling energy into our stores and I just again when we talk internally we are committed to a store-based model, we are committed to the fact that we really believe being close to our customers offering a high level of service is really the best -- is best way to really approach the industrial market. The other question we get is, if you are going to add 10% to 15% more hours in the store can you afford it? That really equates to about a 7% net effect on the labor dollar impact and so it's a good model for us, it really bodes well for our stores and for most importantly our customer. So strong quarter, we continue to stay disciplined in -- on the gross margin and there is pressure there, but we really like the momentum in the direction we are moving. With that, I will turn it over to Dan.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Lee, and good morning, everybody, and thanks again for participating in our call today. I think our press release is certainly self-explanatory on the quarter. We published monthly numbers, so I think, as we touch on, our sales trends remained strong throughout the quarter, we think that bodes well as we go into 2015. Id tried to highlight on the bottom page one, top of page two, the handful of bullets of things that I think were important to the business. One of them I wanted to and some of this commentary is based on questions that I might get and so did want to touch on. The headcount patterns as weve been going through the fourth quarter especially at the store level as we have talked in the past about the investment and selling energy and adding hours. The one position we were in this year, yeah, we really werent in last year is we are in a position to much more acutely manage the expense because we werent in a ramp up mode, we were in a manage the business mode and so we did a much better job of managing our expenses. We went through the fourth quarter. We were able to dial up and down the variable components of our expense, a big piece of that being the store-based labor to really match the needs of the business and really the needs of the customer to serve the customer. One item that I typically touch on or get questions on is the table we have on Pathway to Profit. I think its a good way to assess some of the underlying things going on in our business. And one of thing is always helpful I think is depreciate how we look at our business. And one thing that we do is were an organization that rewards our personnel internally whether that be people at the store, at the district level and at distribution center or some other support roles. We reward folks based on our ability to grow the business. We will reward more for growth sales than we do for maintenance sales as an example. We reward for managing containing the cost of our business and growing the profits of the business. So those are three things that are really critical when we look at how we compensate. And so one thing to keep in mind when we look at that pathway to profitable, over the three years -- because I always look at different buckets. And my poster child is always looking at 150,000 plus store where I look at the last two groups combined. Because it helps me understand what's really going on in the business. And I'm pleased to say when I look at 2014. I look at that group. The number of the level of profitability, the components of the profitability make a lot of sense to me and position us well to go forward. One thing you'll notice is the profit in that group slipped slightly from a year ago. Now were largely beyond the noise we've had in the past month. So whats going on in gross margin year-over-year. So its really about how are we managing the expenses of the business and invest in to grow the business. When I look at that, slight leakage, what really drove it is a decision we made a year ago to dramatically expand our district and regional leadership. We went from roughly 230 district managers to shy at 300. We expanded the key accounts teams. We expanded our ability to manage the business and grow the business. The other thing that happened is if you look at the business this year, Lee just mentioned, we grew at 20.1%, our top line 15.7 on daily but 14% on absolute basis. A year ago those numbers were 9% pretax growth and about 7.5% sales growth. So what the other component of our P&L that changed dramatically is folks at the district level, folks at the region level, our teams throughout the organization were paid a premium to grow our earnings. Bonuses and store compensation were up meaningfully from a year ago. And so when I look at that, we picked up about 70 basis points of expense because of the fact were not growing earnings at 20% versus 9%. And I don't want to get too deep into the weeds here. But thats -- but despite that 70 basis points, our profitability in that group only went down 20, the other 50 is pathway to profit leverage, which not only did we improve the profitability of the organization because the mix change but the underlying help of the business improved. And where we did get deterioration, its because of the investments we made, a, and the way our incentive compensation works, b. And I think thats a winning combination. With that, again I think our press release probably gives most people more details than they want to know about the world within Fastenal. With that, Ill stop and Will, if youve anything you want to add, otherwise Ill turn it over to Q&A.
Will Oberton: No, Ill wait for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam Darkatsh: Good morning, Lee, Dan, Will. How are you? Very nice quarter with respect to expense control. First question, the spread between vending customers and non-vending customers in terms of the growth rates is -- continues to moderate. How should we look at that? And the concern obviously would be its a reflection of the maturation of the initiative but there is got to be some other factors or components driving the contraction of the spread?
Lee Hein: Well, I think it's really a function. If you look at the growth of the customers with vending. Theyve been in a neighborhood of representing about 40% of our sales. So that group of customers. It inches up a little bit every quarter but its been in the upper 30s. Now, its approaching 40. The growth has been basically at 20% all year. I would say that the moderation of spread is really about the fact that the other 60% of our business, the investments we made in people at the store and at the district level. The rest of the business has lifted itself up. It isnt so much that the gap has narrowed. Its the performance of the other 60 has improved and its raised our company number. As weve been basically at 20% growth in that group for the entire year.
Will Oberton: And part of that is, Lee, a little bit resurgence in the fastener business. If you look at year ago, the fastener business was seeing almost no growth at all, bringing that growth back basically does not come through vending. Its non-vending business. It changes the mix a little bit about where our business is.
Lee Hein: And that business is about half of the 60 that isnt vending.
Will Oberton: Yeah. So that really influences the gap.
Sam Darkatsh: Helpful. And my follow-up question, how do you look and its here in 2015, both early on and for the year, I know you voiced 51% expectation. What are your thoughts around pricing in fasteners and non-fasteners and how realistic the 51 expectation should be for the year and for near term?
Lee Hein: On 51, I frankly dont know. What I can tell you is -- I think what we demonstrated this quarter is we can invest heavily in the business. We can manage the expenses. We can let the pathway to profit mechanics shine through in our profit growth. We can do that without expansion of gross margin. And to me, thats the most critical. Its a competitive market out there right now. Our mix as weve talked on prior calls is not -- isn't inherent to raising margin. If you talk about the growth drivers of our business but the profitability on those growth drivers is great when it comes to the pretax line.
Will Oberton: We get couple other positives on the margin. We do have a couple tailwinds. One is we still have a tremendous opportunity on upside for our exclusive brands, our private brands. And other is our transportation costs with fuel where it is or oil situation is going to drop. And as you saw in the fourth -- or as you see in the fourth quarter and other quarters or late quarters, the flexibility of our fuel and the costs going up in our fuel and utilization. Our utilization will be high in the first quarter of our transportation. And as it looks like right now, fuel costs will be down. So however we get to gross margins, its great. So exclusive brands, tailwind there on the fuel. And also our fastener business is doing a little bit better. So there are gives and takes all over the place in margin and its always going to be a fight. But I tell you what the team has done a great job of managing our margin through changing business environment.
Sam Darkatsh: So no reason to think why the 28% to 33% incremental margins should not hold true in '15?
Dan Florness: We feel very good about our ability to get strong incremental margins we had in July. In April, we talked about getting the 20% in the third quarter -- or excuse me in the third quarter -- on the third quarter call, we talked about this quarter really being in the upper 20s and we feel very good about where were are positioned going into 2015.
Lee Hein: I think one of the other reasons I feel good about that is we made very heavy investments at the end of '13 in our district managers, a lot of outside -- sales people outside of the stores and so were in a heavy investment mode. We can -- we dont have to do much of that this year. In fact, in the leadership roles, district, regional, outside sales people were very set for at least the first six months of the year. And so well able to -- that will come through in the P&L and incremental gross margins or incremental margins.
Sam Darkatsh: Thats very helpful. Thank you all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baliotti with Janney Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Baliotti: Good morning. Thanks for taking question. Dan, as part of the assumption for '15, I know its early in the year, but with respect to gross margins, the fact that you pointed out the mix of business being larger customers, is it -- are you for the time being expecting that the mix to kind of stay where it is?
Dan Florness: Well, the mix has been changing over many years that our large account business -- you see when you look at our vending numbers, because a good chunk of that is large account business, our large account business. And you see that the rest of the group like we talked on that first question, the rest of the group has stepped up and gotten closer to it. So we actually have a little bit more balanced growth in, in fact on gross margin in the next 12 months and we probably did in the last 24, because by adding -- selling energy in the store, the local business is stepping up to the play a little more. So when its not being pulled by the vending, the large account business, but there is still little bit of mix right there, but we will touch on both the fuel and our private brands is really powerful.
John Baliotti: Yeah, I mean, the mix is not, I mean other distributors said the same thing, its not unusual as an industry now that the larger customers are contributing more. But to the point earlier, I think Lee brought this up, in terms of adding heads and you put it in your release, adding more in '15. As you said, you did a nice job of controlling your SG&A cost. Do you see that as a percent of sales more level with '14 this year, given that you are going to add more heads, but maybe offset with some further focus on cost or how do you see that shaping up?
Dan Florness: I am not sure if I clearly follow your question.
John Baliotti: SG&A as a percent of sales was down about 54 basis points this year or just under 30%. And you pointed out that you had pretty tight controls on expenses, especially in the fourth quarter. You also said that you are going to add some more heads in '15 to kind of resume what you were doing in '14. I was just curious how do you see those two in aggregate focus on cost control, but also adding heads? How do you see that aggregating into your SG&A as a percent of sales?
Dan Florness: If you think about the pathway to profit, everything about that, including adding heads is about leveraging your SG&A. And so that in order to get the 28 to 30, low 30s incremental margin talked about, from our perspective thats all coming from SG&A. The position we are in is that when you look at the labor growth for next year, the SG&A growth for next year a lot of the incentive pieces like I talked -- touched on what we gave up in the fourth quarter year-over-year because there is actually bonuses paid out again. Thats in our numbers now. Thats been growing into our numbers as weve gone through the year and stepping up a little bit every quarter. And so, it really puts us in a position to make investments, but the rest of the expense pool really isnt growing that fast. And so we think we are in a great position to manage the SG&A going in 2015.
John Baliotti: Great. Okay, thanks. And Lee, congratulations on your new position.
Lee Hein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Winnie Clark with UBS. Your line is open.
Winnie Clark: Good morning.
Lee Hein: Good morning, Winnie.
Winnie Clark: So in terms of the store count, you closed 52 stores in the second half ahead of that initial 45 target, are closings largely competitive at this point and how should we think about net store count additions in 2015?
Lee Hein: Net store count additions, I would expect to be positive in 15, marginally positive. We are always looking at our business. And even before we announced the 45 in the second quarter, I think we closed around 20 stores in first half of the year. And we think thats a healthy thing because in our business, our locations are about -- in my mind and Lee, if you can chime in if you disagree with my approach on this. But my thought about our locations, its a base for our sales people that stocks inventory and customers have the ability to stop in. So we can do a great same-day service and a high-level to service for our customers. But if we come, if one of our district or regional leaders looks at our market and says, I think this market is better served, having us operate out of 4 points than 5 or 3 points than 4, when we know we are going to retain an incredibly high percentage of that business. Weve got to look at and say whats the smartest way to grow, but to answer your question I would expect it to be nominally positive in 2015.
Winnie Clark: Okay. Great. Thats helpful. And then just finally, I was hoping you could give us a sense about your exposure to oil and gas region is and how sales growth has been trending in those areas relative to the company average? And then maybe just how you think about the various puts and takes for your business of lower oil prices?
Lee Hein: Sure. Will, I will take that. When you look at our sales about 12% to 13% of our sales, I would say are effected in some way shape or form from oil dropping, especially under 50 bucks barrel. And when you look at that but there is a percentage. And Im kind of framing up from Pennsylvania to Texas to North Dakota, Tulsa, Western Canada, Alaska, weve really looked at that and thats about 10% to 12%. We are going to fill it. Now what happens is I think, when you look back in time when oil drop, by the time it drops to the net effect where it hits us, it could be six months out there or something. There is that lag. So we are keeping an eye on it and we are definitely going to fill it in those regions. The flipside is we don't quite understand what its going to do to our other customers because it actually puts a little wind in their sales so to speak from a bottom line. So that's kind of how we look at it and how it affects company today.
Winnie Clark: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Lee Hein: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
David Manthey: Hi guys. Good morning. First off, back on the contribution margin side, just given the level of profitability and the earnings growth that you are seeing right now. I know on the upside and the downside, weve had these stabilizers or shock absorbers through bonuses and profit-sharing and things. And I'm just -- I just want to press a little bit more on that contribution margin side. It sounds like you took a little bit of that in the fourth quarter here but as we look to next year, is there a possibility that those things kick in and even at a flat gross margin, its a little bit more difficult to get to that 30% level, Dan?
Dan Florness: Well, with growth where weve talked about it in that mid-teens neighborhood, we are in a position to invest in energy at our stores and really get in the neighborhood of those operating margin, I mean, incremental margins, Dave, because when I look at our bonus pools, our incentive comp, it really stepped up when I look at it in the four quarters of this year. It really stepped up when we got into the second quarter and in the first quarter it was pretty really number too. But it really stepped up and so, I think that layer of added expense is really in our numbers when I look at the tails of the 015. And I think it positions us well. And the offset of that, some of the pieces you normally dont count on and Lee just touched on it and Will touch on it earlier is you have some SG&A thats going the other way in the short-term. I mean, we have some nice benefit coming into the first quarter as it relates to energy. I know you are down in Florida, as you dont always appreciate this anymore now that you are no longer from the Midwest but it is cold up here. And energy prices for heating a lot of our locations in the northern half of the country and throughout Canada is a meaningful piece to us. So it gives us some tailwind coming into the first part of the year.
Will Oberton: Hey, Dave. I'll jump in here. This is Will. But if you -- the biggest component by far of our SG&A, as you know is our labor and with the plan that Lee and his team have laid out for adding the vast majority of our new selling energy. They are not selling energy but storing energies so our sales people can get out by hiring college students. We can add 15. Im not saying we are going to add 15%, but the math says we can add 15% more hours in our stores and that would translate into just under 7% labor, not including bonuses. So the base labor to fuel that were to support that 15% more hours and those are the scenarios we are looking at. So that gives us a tremendous amount of leverage when you look at the labor is by far our biggest expense where we can add the hours with only about just under half of the expense as a percentage. Thats where a lot of it comes from. And it allows us to be very bullish out there with our customers and serve our customers at a very high level.
David Manthey: Okay. All right. Thanks Will. And then on the gross margin, I know this gets far too much attention here lately. But the 51%, Im just -- as I look historically at the company has maintained that level of gross profit profitability. And I know that historically there has been offsets, whether that was direct sourcing of Fastenal or ramp up the exclusive brands or changes to the logistics network, et cetera? So I know that historically even no national accounts have moved up in the mix and non-Fastenal as the percentage of the mix, you been able to maintain that level? What Im wondering about is as those secular changes continue as they have for the past several decades, are there offsets that will allow you to remain in that range or is it just we reached a point where gross margins could potentially just be lower and we have to rely on better cost leverage?
Dan Florness: Well, if you recall on the last call, Dave, we -- I probably not so artfully, but I tried to walk through what happens on the Pathway to Profit as our average store size gets bigger. I think that's really the underlying cause of a lot of what we are telling about. Our average store size gets bigger because were more and more successful with our larger customers and we drive some key counts in those individual stores and thats what pushes our store from 80 to 100 or from 100 to 150 or 150 to 200. Overtime we have some $40,000 and $50,000 month customers and/or maybe an $80,000 month customer. But you have some big business thats coming into those stores and like I talked about on the last call, if I look at our stores that are -- that do more than a $100,000 a month in sales, so -- at the time goes about just over 1,000 of our 2,700 stores, that group operates at a lower gross margin and goes up to
Will Oberton: 70.
Dan Florness:  70 basis points lower than the company does. And so as we move from 100,000 to 110,000 to 130,000 to 160,000 average store over the next few years, because only nominally adding units, so that means our average store size going to grow. I would expect our gross margin to compress and right now I would expect it would be closer to 50 than that say, 51 or 50.5 that we just reported, because of the impact of that. But as I also talked about given up that 70 basis points, you give up -- you pick up both 450 basis points in operating leverage and thats the secret.
Will Oberton: And thats going out over one, two, three years.
Dan Florness: Oh! Absolutely. I mean
Will Oberton: Just want to make sure.
Dan Florness:  lets look at out into the future because that group of stores averages a little over $160,000 a month.
Will Oberton: And in this quarter that group of stores is a 24.5% pretax and thats the fourth quarter. So that gives you an idea of the potential of the profitability of the organization.
David Manthey: All right. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Guys, thanks a lot. Stay warm.
Lee Hein: Thanks, Dave.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Dave.
Will Oberton: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Securities. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Lee Hein: Good morning.
Eli Lustgarten: Im glad to at least listen at the overemphasis of gross margin is strongly been recognized. I have two questions. One, we talk about sort of current business conditions as we look out the 15. Typically, first quarter has a very easy comp within December from the weather impact a year ago so it doesnt repeat? Last year if you know, nobody love -- if you look to which you not going to forget January and February so quickly? Can you give us some idea some benefits in there? And then second part of that thing, can you talk about the heavy manufacturing impact you told 20% of your business. Can you talk about the impact of ag and the Canadian economy, which is now starting to show signs of stress on Fastenal, particularly the ag market is one that we know was crashing at the moment and whether Canada is becoming a bit of a problem or not?
Dan Florness: No. But quite a few items there. Ill try to bounce through a few and Lee or Will, if you want to chime in, feel free. First off, on the end market piece, the manufacturing, that business really improve for us. And I think thats really shines through in the fact that we exit the year with our fastener business growing double-digit. We started the year with our fastener business growing low singles, 1.5% first quarter, 1.9% fourth quarter of last year. Thats says a lot to the health of our OEM manufacturing customer out there. So I think that has very good trends going into the New Year. When I think of our Canadian business and I know enough -- some about a lot of details, sometimes get myself in trouble in the conversation. To me, the biggest issue we have with our Canadian business right now isnt how well it's growing. Its the value of the currency. That business grew for us in the mid single -- in the mid-double digit, excuse me, here when Im looking at the last few months. But what shines through on our company level, when you look at it in USD, it cuts that down by almost two-thirds because of deflation in the currency. But the underlying business up there for us is healthy. Now one thing you have to keep in mind when you look at our business in Canada, it is weighted towards the eastern part of the country. We went into Ontario first and because we were expanding from the basically the Great Lake states in the U.S., when we first entered Canada been 90s. So we have a big chunk of business sets in the Ontario province and then out towards the Maritimes. It was later that we more expanded into Western Canada from the standpoint of where our dollars are. And that business, the eastern part of the country is stronger than the western part. Obviously, the western part is much more link to extractive industries.
Eli Lustgarten: Can you talk about the weather impact in the ags and the firms out there?
Lee Hein: Well, the weather coming into last year -- we had a tough start to the year. Weather really beat us up and -- weather while its been cold in the upper Midwest, it hasnt been pounded by the weather you saw. And time will tell how that plays out in rest of January and into February. But I dont see weather as a threat right now.
Will Oberton: But we did have a good March last year. So that balances it out too weather wise. We came back very strong. So it wasnt the entire quarter that was affected. It was mainly January.
Lee Hein: Yes.
Eli Lustgarten: Again, one other question. You had an initiative in metal working that was started several years ago, which really hasnt done very much. I mean the relationship with Kennametal really just seems to be plotting along. Is that still a focus of the company or future growth lever or is that sort of just been put on the back burner?
Will Oberton: Ill jump in on that. Metal working continues to do well. Our relationship with Kennametal is good. People, I think, had too high of an expectation going in thinking we are going to be as big as MSC in overnight and that doesnt happen. Our metal working business has grown not double digit, but almost double digit above the Fastenal growth over the last -- over 2014. We even did better than 2013. And weve grown a very nice size of business. We are doing well with it. We think the upside is great. Its just hard to grow a business that right now represents about 10% -- just under 10% of our total revenue. So its a meaningful size business. And its hard to grow it more than 20 plus percent year-over-year with the business that big. So we are very committed. And we think we are going to continue to do well in it for a long time. And part of it is what we learned is that although Kennametal is a very good supplier, they dont have full spectrum of what the customers need and neither does any of the other suppliers. So weve developed relationships with the wide range of suppliers and most of them are enjoying very good growth through Fastenal. So we are still very committed to and believe its a great opportunity for the future of Fastenal. The main thing that makes sense is our Fastenal and MRO customers. Most of those are using metal working products. We already have developed relationships. Now we have to develop a product relationship in this specific area.
Eli Lustgarten: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Just want to clarify the 10% to 12% you said was tied to oil and gas. Is that direct to energy customers or were you saying that 10% to 12% of our stores are in energy levered states?
Lee Hein: 10% to 12% of our sales are in those geographic areas and shooting from the hip, I would say probably half of that would be closer to the energy piece. But thats somewhat anecdotal talking to our regional leaders in those geographic areas. But its really looking at the Gulf Coast, the Texas market, Western Pennsylvania, Western North Dakota up into Oklahoma and Western Canada, kind of looking at those and engaging it.
Dan Florness: And its pretty close to 12%. And more information, that grew in the third quarter. It grew at about 24% versus the company now. We have enjoyed very nice growth. So thats the -- so we have that 12% of our business. It will probably slow down.
Ryan Merkel: Yes.
Dan Florness: I mean, probably will look good. But the other part of our business at 90% or 88% remaining, we are hoping we get a little tailwind through lower energy cost and maybe it balances. If it doesnt balance, we also have about a $12 million of quarter energy and have $10 million energy, Will.
Will Oberton: Yes.
Dan Florness: That we think is going to go down by $3 million or $4 million. So we could give up a little revenue and balance it with the expense. We are hoping we dont give up any revenue and we get to capitalize on the expense. So weve looked at it hard, Ryan and we are trying to figure out. But theres no crystal ball for this right now. Its all about how the rest of the economy is affected because of lower fuel prices.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. I just wanted to clarify that. So you are kind of saying that 10% to 12% is direct and indirect and direct would be more like 5.
Dan Florness: Its always the geographies.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. Okay. I just want to be clear. That would have been a little bigger than I would have thought but 5% makes sense, which would be direct. Okay. Second question, given the decline in steel prices, should we be worried about deflation in fasteners and can you just remind us how your fastener contracts work with regard to price?
Will Oberton: The large contracts which probably make up 20% to 25% of our fastener business are tied to a CRU index which is a steel index. And when -- the triggers on that are typically, they are not all the same, but majority of them have a 5% trigger. So as steel goes down more than 5% or up more than 5% over a six month period, its always on the calendar and January and July are the trigger points, that we will either raise our prices or lower our prices accordingly and then based on that, we are figuring out what percent. So Steel goes up 5% or down, it doesnt mean we lower our price because we factor in the labor, so there is a formula there. So the other 75% of our business is not on these contracts when steel goes down, we have some upside from margin if we can hold on to that pricing. And thats really where we think the balance is. There is always margin pressure exposure if there is lot of deflation in the business. So far, weve not seen a lot but that time will tell. Weve been very close with our guys in Asia that run our business for us over there, our trading business. And trying to understand what the manufacturing are saying and seeing.
Ryan Merkel: I mean, what would the lag be?
Dan Florness: Pardon.
Ryan Merkel: What would the lag be? So steel prices go up or down 5%, you have to change your pricing. Is it a quarter lag or is it right away?
Dan Florness: Its usually six months.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Great. And then probably just one more and kind of a big picture question. There is a view by some that the MRO industry is more competitive, more consolidated today and therefore the growth going forward would be slower, potentially less profitable. So what is your view and has anything changed in your view over the past 10 years?
Will Oberton: Well, things have changed. But if you look at the big players and whoever you throw into that group, weve all grown nicely, but so maybe weve gone from 25% market share to 28% or 30%. So it has consolidated at pretty slow rate when you look at the -- combined if you look at us, MSC and Grainger combined and there is others I know, but our growth is probably 10% if you add us all up. Takes a long time to consolidate the industry. Its always been competitive and I think it will remain competitive, but there is a tremendous amount of opportunity out there. We think the opportunity is as good as its ever been. And that's why were so focused as Lee talked earlier about staying close to our customers, using our same-day store model to grow our business and take market share.
Ryan Merkel: Very good. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning. Congrats.
Lee Hein: Hey, Adam.
Adam Uhlman: Can we go through the cash flow outlook for next year? Pretty good job this year and getting cash conversion, I guess. How should we think about the CapEx? What are you thinking from an inventory side that would be helpful?
Dan Florness: Our CapEx will drop, as we go into the New Year. The number I would expect us to be citing in our annual report will be number of around 150 plus or minus 5 million. And I think were positioned -- I think were positioned well. I think were in a good position to manage the working capital needs. The biggest component of need there will be more on the AR side than the inventory because I expect our business to keep growing nicely. And I think it puts us in a great position to generate very, very strong cash flow. And our operating cash flow this year was even high by our norm, because we basically had operating cash of essentially in line with earnings. Part of that was the fact that, our friends in Washington D.C. saw fit to continue the bonus depreciation and the few other things there. So we didn't get that tax bill coming and that defers that off, but its really a strong operating cash flow year. I think we have a great position for next year, because a lot of those investments in distribution are in the rearview mirror rather than in the windshield.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Got you. Thanks. And then clarification on the headcount its been asked several times. Its still not clear to me. We had 2% year-over-year growth in December on FTEs. And I'm just wondering, how you think about that? For the first half of this next year, are we going to bounce back the 10% to 15% that was mentioned earlier? Or are we going to remain in the single digits and then ramp back up?
Lee Hein: Are you talking about at the store level?
Adam Uhlman: The total headcount growth on FTE basis, year-over-year in December we stay there some time.
Lee Hein: You really have to discount a lot of what the year-over-year numbers are in November and December. Because in November and December a year ago, as I touched on earlier, we are in the massive ramp-up stage and we kept the hours just dialed up because we wanted to get our sales people out of the store selling. And this year as we manage through it, we were able to dial down the part-time hours in November and in December. And thats really what -- that drives the FTE and one of the reason I put that bullet in on one page was really to talk about, hey, on the headline it looks like we dropped our numbers at the store. Our FTE did go down, so we dialed down the hours, but we actually added people. And so coming in to January and February that will dial back up because we have the need.
Dan Florness: When we looked it at trying to normalize it taking out to people going home for the holidays and all that, we are in the high-single digits. I think we have 8% to 9% more selling energy, if everybody was at work all week long. And thats a little lower than what we wanted, but its in the neighborhood. Does that make sense Adam?
Adam Uhlman: Yes. And so that we kind of get back to that normalized 8% to 9% and then maybe grow from there as you have need.
Lee Hein: We want to push it up from there, yes.
Adam Uhlman: Okay. Thank you.
Lee Hein: Thanks.
Lee Hein: I see we are at 9:45. Again, I want to thank everybody for joining on the call this morning. And well good luck.
Dan Florness: Ill be here.
Lee Hein: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Financial Reporting & Regulatory Compliance Manager Willard D. Oberton - CEO Daniel L. Florness - CFO Leland J. Hein - President
Analysts:  Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Flavio S. Campos - Credit Suisse David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fastenal Company Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Ellen Trester, maam, please begin.
Ellen Trester : Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2014 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present for todays call is Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2014, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated.  Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton:  Thank you, Ellen. Thank you for everybody for joining us on the call this morning. To talk about the third quarter of 2014 overall we feel that we had a good quarter. Starting out with sales July was a little bit weak. We had a very good August and actually September was a good number. We had a very slow start after the holiday but once we got through the first four days we had a very good run rate, very much on pattern of what we would expect after historical numbers.  On the margin I also believe we did a good job on the margin. There are a lot of gives and takes on the margin right now. We have customer mix, larger customers are growing faster. We have some product mix issues but the Fastenal growth continues to rebound and thats very positive. We also saw nice growth in our exclusive brands, which run at a much higher margin and going forward we have a lot of opportunity to improve the margin on our vending product through "T" hub and other things we are doing to source that product, lower our cost to package and lower our cost to serve the customers. I think the most important thing to think about on margin though is a piece that Dan put in, talking about the margin in larger stores and the profit -- inherent profitability of those larger stores. As you put in there the stores with revenue north of 100 the two groups, one from 100 to 150, then 150 and above have a -- about 90 basis point lower margin than the company average. Bigger customers -- bigger stores bigger customers, thats really the story. But the most important part there is their operating profit is 350 basis points above the company. So we are not as concerned about the absolute gross margin. We are concerned very much about the pretax and return on investment and we continue to make that point and thats why I am pounding it here today. From an expense standpoint we did a good job. We didnt do a great job on that because Ill put it this way, we did a nice job considering the labor we added in the store, we would have expected little more leverage, we continue to add labor in the stores. Going forward were in a very good position with store labor. We will continue to add labor in the stores at a rate of about 10% more hours which translates into about 5% or 6% higher labor cost plus commissions and things like that.  So we are in a very good position labor wise and I believe our expense growth going forward will look much better. One area in particular that we did a nice job, kind of a shout out to team is the transportation. Its been a tough area right now -- excuse me transportation has been tough, trucks are hard to find, rates are going up but our team just did a great job in both the second and the third quarter. I am very proud of what they have been able to do. Vending, very steady progress. We are happy with whats going on in vending. Our signings are basically have been steady all year. The best numbers are the numbers that give me the most -- Im the happiest about sorry are really the sales going through the customers that have vending. That growth -- the customers with vending grew at 21.9% and that represents 37.8% of our business. So very good progress, growing as a percentage of our business and vending in general, the overall business concept has a long pathway. We continue to see other ways we can use the technology. We continue to lower our cost of the product and lower our cost to serve the customer, very competitive. We believe its a very long-term business for us. On the inventory, working capital, inventory grew much lower than sales and thus we made nice progress there. Our supply team group is very focused on improving the service levels while at the same time reducing our days on hand. I spent a lot of time talking with that group recently and we believe we have a lot of opportunity over the next four to even eight to twelve quarters to continue to improve our service to our customers and at the same time reducing the working capital need of inventory, using new tools, new tools they are buying and just getting better at understanding how to use the inventory. Overall, for the quarter I feel very good about where we are. We have good sequential growth going into 2015. We watch that very close. Our margin seems to be more stable than it was earlier in the year. Labor in the stores is at a good level, so we have added the labor. Our margin is stable. We have good sequential growth. If the economy stays steady we are in a very good position to see the benefits of pathway to profit in 2015.  Before I turn over to Dan I apologize for stumbling. I was looking at the stock going down at the same time and I couldnt speak clearly. With that I will turn it over to Dan. He will cover some more things and then we will come back and answer questions. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness:  Thank you, Will and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Ill reiterate the commentary; well we added some commentary in the quarterly release, I think much more explicit then we have been in the past and maybe thats remiss on my part. But on the page reference I am going to use are on my copy and if the version you print on the web is slightly different I apologize for that.  But on one page one -- page two, we talked about gross margin and relative profitability, as Will touched on it a few minutes ago. And that takes me right to page 10 which is our pathway to our discussion on profit drivers of our business and really the pathway to profit. And some things that I think are worth pointing out on that table, one is and we have continued to make this point in both of these sections our profits and ability to leverage profits long term is above the top line growth and growing our average store size.  We have said that for a number of years as relates to pathway to profit were kind of -- to accentuate the feel of the components, the puts and takes in the math, both on the P&L as well as the working capital side, I think they are both important to talk about long term profit, growth, relative profitability and relative returns and we think we have amplifying effects for all. Some things that I think probably jump out to you is the relative profitability decline in the different groups. And it really is stemming from four components, when I look at it; one, in comparison to both 2012 and 2013 our gross margins in those periods were 51.6 in 2012, third quarter I believe. Last year was 51.7, we are 50.8. So we have given up about 90 basis points of gross margin, thats one component when I look at that table. Another component is, as we talked about last -- last year in the July and October calls we felt we were under investing in people, especially at the store level and so there was a little bit of under expense in those two periods when I look at those relative groups of stores and I believe we have corrected that and we have the appropriate staffing in our stores today to grow our business.  Growing our business drives our average store size up because when you look at these tables yes, we gave up some relative profitability in the groups but look at the percentage of the stores that are now in the fourth and fifth group, 100 to 150 and 150 plus. The relative in the 100 to 150 has gone from 15%-16% one and two years ago, they are at 21%. The relative percentage of stores in the fifth group, over 150, is now at 17%. Last year was at 13% and change, two years ago was at 11% and change. Thats what driving our overall profitability even giving up 90 basis points and adding people at a faster clip than we have done in each of the last two years, when I look at that third quarter timeframe. And I think those are important distinctions to make.  The other distinction that I think is important thats often overlooked, I believe by many people, sometimes myself until you take a step back and you think about it, our relative expenses, if you look at our P&L over a number of years is a gross margin in the low 50s and operating expenses, 29%-30% kind of neighborhood and operating profit in the low-20s.  And I think those are important things to sit back and think about, because when I think about a lot of companies, I look at in the industry, I am just talking about public companies, I am talking of private companies too, in the industry when I think about profitability within industrial distribution, I think about a number in the low double digits and I think about P&L that probably is gross margin in the lower half of the 40s. I think of operating expenses around 30%, maybe 29% maybe about our number and an operating profit in the low double digits and some of the better players in the industry, some of the better leveraged players in the industry starting to line up into the teens. I think an important thing to ask yourself is Fastenal has an average store size of 107,000 which means that some time in our history, 20-30 years ago we figured out how to make money in a store doing $50,000 a month. There arent too many players in the industry have done that.  If you look at the average store size of most private and public players in the industry their average store size is a multiple of ours, eight, nine, ten times larger average store but the operating expenses really dont change appreciably. In fact they are in many cases when I look at them, they are at or slightly higher than ours, which always makes me scratch my head a little bit, of why the industry is so different. And maybe its just a case of we developed a frugal nature 30 years ago and that frugal nature continues to shine through in our business and gives us just a structural delta to everybody else, I am not sure. But I think its something for people to think about, because it positions us long term with that structural advantage to keep going after the market, and to keep going after the market in a profitable way and with great returns. And speaking of going after the market and top line growth some things that always pop in my mind is it really gets down to a handful of things; our top line growth is above the existing market, its big, the relative health of our existing market share, and thats had a tough couple of years for us.  We talked a lot about what we saw in our Fastener business, what was going on with our large customers over the last several years, the fact that was stabilizing, improving slightly I think you see that in nice growth numbers or good growth numbers in our Fastener business. We grew about 10% this quarter and thats a big business and we are pretty excited about the improvements we have seen there.  And then and then the growth in the average, in the available selling store energy, the fact that we have right-sized, we have corrected the headcount in our store and were positioned really well going in 2015 and our trends year-to-date you look at our daily gains in overall business, in fastener business in non-fastener business are quite strong as we approach 2015.  Some things, other things that jump out to me when I am going through the release and again Im using my page references, on top of page four, looks at our five-year stores whats happening to the growth in our five-year stores. We have had five months now of 10% plus growth. Look at the last three -- look at the three years on that table that never happened. I think we had five months in 2012 with 10 plus growth but they werent consecutive. I dont believe we had any last year and so there are some [powerful] things going on because we have added the selling energy into our store and our large account business has stabilized, our heavy equipment manufacturers have stabilized and our inherent growth is shining through. Page six, and I touched on this already, but our end markets and our product we are seeing improving trends there, both when you look at absolute year-over-year numbers but more importantly when you look at year-to-date numbers, where we will be January, where are we in September how were trending, as weve had said in the past, September and October tells us where we are start the New Year. On page 12, you see the numbers and I am sorry headcount numbers, you see the number settling down now as we get in the third quarter because we are anniversarying where we started to add people post Labor Day last year. Gross margin weve touched on that, I think pretty explicitly both in the early part of the document is well on page 13.  The page 14, our SG&A. Probably the only thing that stands out for me there is, okay our labor count -- our labor expense is up because of the headcount we added and because there has been improvements in our profitability bonuses, in our profit sharing contributions, because of our of -- of what we are performing relative -- and thats more about the last several quarters, so much then the anniversarying.  One thing that jumps out, our selling transportation is too high, as were adding people we are adding, I believe some expenses there faster then we should and those are some things we are working on to correct right now, kind of rounding out the release. Our operating cash flow is okay. Its about operating cash is about two points lower than where Id care it to be but its where that you wont get that comment out of me on a quarterly basis we are two points higher, and we bought back some stock in the third quarter.  So year-to-date we bought some in the first quarter, we had previously disclosed we bought some in the third quarter and we increased our line of credit during the quarter to have some cash ready and available to buy -- to buyback those shares and potentially some more. One item Id like to throw out there that I want to point out, our International business, we were particularly pleased with that business and by International we -- our U.S. and Canadian business are very homogenous businesses from the standpoint of our store footprint, the infrastructure in those countries and the amount of time we have been in those countries.  So when I talk about the international, Im excluding the Canadian piece. I am just looking at south of the border, Europe, Asia business, very pleased with performance in that business. We grew our earnings more than 50% in that business, third quarter to third quarter, partly recovery, had some struggle a year ago but probably just some darn good performance and a good compliment to Steve Rucinski and his team in those businesses.  With that I am going to turn it back over for some Q&A and as we have asked in previous quarters please limit yourself to one question with maybe a potential follow-up and well go from there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Willard D. Oberton: Good morning, Ryan.
Daniel L. Florness: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company: So I guess the big question here is how can we have confidence that gross margin stays near 51%, if the plan is for larger stores across your network, which larger stores had larger customers and the larger customer have lower gross margins?
Willard D. Oberton: Dan, I will give it to Dan.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, first off as we cited, the stores that are north of that have a gross margin that is slightly lower. I think, Ryan it really gets back to whats our operating profit going to be and if I think if everybody who looks at the Fastenal business and looks at owning our stock and looks at owning our stock today and having that stock three years from now and five years from now.  If you believe we can grow the business and we look out to a larger business some years into the future, and lets just say for discussion sake that the margin drops 40-50 basis points but the operating margin is at 23 or 24 because right now the one thing that I probably didnt touch on, sometimes I have learned to shut up when I should shut up is 23.7 for a 100 to 150,  I would be lying if didnt say I was really disappointed in that number. I dont think that number should be below 24, I think it should more like 24.5. But would you own Fastenal organization, that larger organization in the future, because I believe its going to grow and I believe our average -- and if it grows our average store size has to increase and would you -- the question you should ask yourself, would you own that company that looks a lot like that, even that disappointing number that we have in my mind today, would you own that business versus some other stock, I would.
Willard D. Oberton: Ryan, I think I know history doesnt always predict the future but if you -- we are focused on big stores margin going down but over the years we focused on company gets the bigger, the margin goes down. Fastenal mix drops, margin goes down. There is a long list of things I could address there but our margin has been around 51, as the center point for 25 years. And so a lot of it and Bob Kierlin always stated this, the number one thing that determines our margin is our branch pay programs or our incentive programs, not just at the branch but at all the levels and that continues to come true if you pay people to hit a goal, high percentage of time they would hit a goal. Its far more about that, than it is about product mix, customer mix or store size.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company: Okay, and then I guess my follow-up or second question, do you have an updated pathway to profit, average monthly store size to hit that 23% EBIT margin target? Is there an update there, I mean clearly it looks like its higher than 110,000 a month.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, I removed that paragraph and there was some discussion on whether I should or shouldnt and I looked and I said we have had that paragraph in there for years and I think the table removes the need for the paragraph and so I just finally decided get it out there and partly because I think there was always so much questions about 23, 23, 23% has never been a target. 23% is a point in time reference. I just cited a company in the future that has a 24% and but right now if you look at the table that 100 to 150 is at 23.7% and so I mean you could look at the -- Ill throw out some components. Right now the 2,647 stores that are in that table as you see in the next page represent about 87%-88% of our sales.  If I look at the first five groups in that table, the ones where we have explicitly call out the percentages that subset represents about 80% of our sales, and the delta is in the strategic comps and oversea stores. So you know, I look at a number thats with the gross margin being lower then it was a year ago, its not a 110, because we are at 107 right now for average store size 
Willard D. Oberton :  But we are also not happy with where those numbers came out this quarter, Ryan. So I dont think its that far off of the 110, somewhere in that range, 110 to 125 but its really about point in time growing average store size.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company: Okay, thanks guys.
Willard D. Oberton: You bet.
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial:  Hey, guys good morning.
Willard D. Oberton:  Good morning, Robert.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial:  Will, I did just want to follow-up on that and clarify. I mean I understand that some of the targets could be a little bit soft at times but it does sound like versus last quarter your outlook for the profitability of your business has gone down. It sounds like both on the gross margin side and on the EBT margin side I mean is -- [that] involves interpretation?
Daniel L. Florness:  Yes. Yes. Our optimism about building the profits of the organization and our ability to grow profits has never been stronger. 
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial: I guess
Daniel L. Florness: We did -- we expanded the language around gross margin. If you went back to the transcripts from the second quarter call in July, I was very much expecting a call that would center on top line growth, top line growth, how do you get that top line growth, primarily because third quarter of a year ago we were in that July timeframe. Our growth was pretty anemic; our growth was more in line with the industry. And we had started to expand our growth. We felt there was great momentum to continue to expand our growth and I was frankly a little disappointed that the entire call was about 15 basis points, 20 basis points of gross margin and not about our ability to grow the business.  And when I look at that table, that [path to the] profit table I -- its so compelling about where we can move the profit of the business to, if we are growing and we grow our average store size and the discussion was getting lost in a few fixation points and I think the fixation should be how do we move deeper into that table? And why do we do and grow our top line and how does that happen?  The markets big, whats the health of our existing market share and what are we doing to grow the business and I think thats where the headcount, the energy in the store really comes in to play and those are the three most important things.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial: You know
Willard D. Oberton: To get back to your question, you misinterpreted our report. We are very confident in our ability to be highly profitable.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial:  Yeah. I guess, just to clarify, I mean I guess Id agree with you about you know maybe there was too much focus on the gross margin but at the end of the day I think we need to measure the growth as well as the cost to engender that growth and as we move further down the income statement I mean Im more concerned I guess about what sounds like backing off the ability to get to the 23% EBP at the 110,000, then I am about the softer gross margin target because that does sound like there is some offset on the SG&A.
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  Let me jump in here. If you think about the 2007 I dont if you followed us then, when we came out with pathway to profit our 23% was -- goal was at a 125,000 a month. 
Daniel L. Florness: Halfway between the 150
Unidentified Corporate Participant: I think it was 125,000. In the interim when we got very tight with our expenses during the very tight recession of 2008 and 9 we lowered our base cost. We brought that down to 110. Now we are back to where we were at 2007, somewhere in the middle there and actually at 125. I think it will point to 23.7.  So the difference between 110 and 125 and 22 and 23.7 to us is going to move around. Its an inexact thing but we believe we are going to go right by that number and be highly profitable and so we are not trying to back off the number. We are trying to not give so much information that our calls are completely dominated by, as Dan said 5 or 10 or 15 basis points in different categories.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial: Okay. So the message you want to leave with investors is that kind of over a period of time kind of big picture the targets are kind of roughly as they have been?
Willard D. Oberton: Absolutely.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial: In terms of your ability to raise profitability, yes as store size grows.
Willard D. Oberton: Its easy math, if we dont open many stores we grow our top line just say 15%, our average store size goes from here to here you can look at the chart put your finger down and get a good idea of what the leverage is.
Daniel L. Florness: And the average store, in that 100 to 150 category right now is the 123,000. Thats the average store size if you actually run the math.
Willard D. Oberton: And we believe that should be about, we believe that group should be in the low 24% pretax not 23.7, thats where our head is. We need to move to the next question.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial: Yes, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Flavio Campos with Credit Suisse. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Flavio S. Campos - Credit Suisse: Good morning, thank you for taking my questions. Just focusing on the selling personnel after you count it was flat in September and pretty much flat as well on the quarter, a little bit down. I was just wondering if thats just a seasonal thing because of the summer months and how do we go back, how do we go up to that 10% growth that you mentioned in the call?
Daniel L. Florness: There is always some flattening that occurs in the August-September time frame really August through the first half September timeframe. We have a fair -- one of the means in which we recruit is we strive to have a subset of our employee base be full time students either in a four year state college or a two year technical school, technical college. Because we find that if we have some part timers working for us that hit that type of demographic its a great short term work force but probably more importantly its a great long-term recruiting force. And so we recruit from that.  There are certain times of the year you get some churn in that group or just some stalling in that group. When they are going back to school in August you see a little bit of a pause until they get their schedule worked out in August-September and you see a little drop off in some hours typically.
Willard D. Oberton: Because when we report numbers we are reporting FTEs.
Flavio S. Campos - Credit Suisse: Perfect, thats helpful. And just turning to margins for just one quick second, on Q4 generally we see a little bit of a drop seasonally. Just wonder if we are going to see that this year if you are expecting that this year as well or if this 50.8, thats kind of your expectation for Q4 as well?
Willard D. Oberton: We dont give guidance on the fourth quarter. I mean, Dan anything.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, the only thing is the softness that we do sometimes seasonally get is related to, we have an extensive trucking network and that trucking network loses a little bit of leverage in the November-December timeframe. It can be amplified in a year like 2012 or 2013 or 2008 if there is something thats compounding that softness, but its a little bit of noise and right now our trends on volume are good.
Flavio S. Campos - Credit Suisse: Perfect, thats helpful. I am going to jump back in queue and thank you for taking my questions.
Daniel L. Florness: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Sir please go ahead.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks, hi guys, good morning.
Willard D. Oberton: Good morning, Dave.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co.: First off, I realize that stores dont drive growth at Fastenal. Its the people but you closed 37 locations, I am just trying to get a read on that number and did those closures, do you think have any impact on September? And then to back it up and forget about the stores for a second, could you discuss your hiring plans as you look to 2015? Will, I think you mentioned 5% to 6% increase in labor cost, is that kind of a next year thought as well?
Willard D. Oberton: Ill take that part and then I will hand it to Lee for the store closings. Our thought is 10% more hours, a minimum of 10% more hours assuming our sales growth stays in the range it is, the teens. If we do that it will cost us about six percentage points higher labor and that is the plan for 2015. Well well move that up or down as if we grow faster we will add to it, if we grow slower that kind of that roughly add hours about 5% lower than our sales growth.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay.
Willard D. Oberton: And the other 5% come through productivity. Now I will give it to Lee on the stores.
Leland J. Hein:  Hey, David. On the store consolidation piece it really you got to get your arms around the fact they are small stores. Were highly aggressive as we open stores. So yeah, did we put some stores in markets that were fairly close, we really feel we are going to retain a good portion of the business, we have [homes] for our people, the markets are great and it was just a great strategic move for us but its really about the consolidation and we are still committed to the markets in almost every case and even more so when you really think about going forward with the energy we are going to put it into some of these stores or move the business and its just discipline at work at Fastenal and its what we do.
Daniel L. Florness: And the store would not have impacted September any more than it would have impacted August, July, June or May because these things were in the works. And I think we cited in the second quarter release and I apologize if I am slightly off, but out of the 40 some stores we had identified I think they were eight that were more than ten miles from another store and when I looked at all the data we assumed less than 10% of the sales from all the stores we were closing would have some risk of being lost.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Got it, okay. And then just final question, you touched on "T" hub and its been over a year since you started rolling that out. I am just wondering if you can talk to us about are we seeing the benefit today, what kind of tail is on this initiative?
Willard D. Oberton:   I dont have the stats, I stay very close to it, Dave, but I dont have the stats as far as how many parts were shipping. I dont know if you do, Dan.
Daniel L. Florness:  I dont but I
Willard D. Oberton:   And I said in the second quarter call it has not ramped-up as quickly as we thought it would but it continuous to grow. We have a long tail on it from a -- probably the biggest, two biggest areas that we will pick-up benefit is gross margin because the product in "T" hub we are buying at very, very good prices; and the other is inventory turns because if we are buying it centrally the stores do not have to buy as much because if stores are buying a product on their own they might buy two or three months supply to get the pricing. So the big advantage right now is we see our gross margin and inventory turns as also efficiency but that is probably not as big a saving. So we are very still very optimistic on moving that project forward.
Daniel L. Florness:   Just a couple of thoughts on it, end of July we had all of our stores that are going to be serviced by "T" hub, their point of sales system was converted over, such that they could turn parts on/off on being serviced out of "T" hub and that ramp up really occurred in the June-July timeframe. So the steps that occur before and after that is aligning the parts that are being vended in the machines and optimizing the turning parts, so that you have an efficient redistribution plan.  I always use the analogy if we have a soda machine in the warehouse and nine out of ten people want Mountain Dew and Mountain Dew is one of the six options, they are going to fill the Mountain Dew slot every day as opposed to maybe you need five out of the six be Mountain Dew or Diet Coke or whatever the case might be. One tangible thing that I can point to that comes with "T" hub, Will touched on the gross margins, is we measure different pieces of our business and the one thing that did change is the percent of our sales going through vending, that are Fastenal brands went up by one percentage point from Q2 to Q3. And so we are seeing some tangible things there and for the suppliers of branded products that are in our "T" hub facility I would expect to see their business and we have seen their business grow commensurate because there is more of that activity going on.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Got it, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Hi guys, good morning.
Willard D. Oberton: Hey Adam.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: I guess just to start with the Fastenal sales, you touched on it a little bit here but -- and we saw good acceleration in that. Could you talk about the visibility that you have into growing that chuck of the business, what are you hearing from customers and their production schedules versus new business that you brought into the fold and combined with that heavy manufacturing, there is a good deal of worry from investors like us from the impact from farmer equipment demand and oil and gas. So maybe you could help us understand your exposure to that as well.
Willard D. Oberton: Its hard for us to breakdown exactly where the Fastenal growth is coming from. The biggest part of it is machinery manufacturers. We have also had a very strong push with small customers. Its really about incentive programs at the stars, difference programs for bin stocks and just raising the awareness of Fastenal because its kind of the other stuff is more fun to sell, branded products are just more to it.  So I think its about putting the energy in and continuing to work hard on just talking about the Fastenal. As far as the exposure, yeah I have been reading that too, some of the large farm equipment manufacturers are slowing down. I guess fortunately we dont have a lot of that business right now. We would like to have it but the timing is probably good that we dont. I guess our exposure really trends more with the overall manufacturing than any specific area of manufacturing, I mean whether it would be egg. We are light in egg on a big scale the [Dears and the CH Case and Holland], we are light in automotive. So there is less exposure in those areas but its broad manufacturing base. I mean I think its same exposure we see in all manufacturing. Does that help, its a little bit difficult.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Yes, thats helpful, thank you. And then just somewhat related to that, if you think about your longer term growth drivers, can you talk about what you are seeing, what metalworking, government, e-commerce overall the growth rates and maybe how big they are now?
Willard D. Oberton: On the -- government continues to grow well, represents about 4% of our business. Metalworking has slowed a little bit still, are growing the company but slowed some, thats about just under 10% of our business. So its about a $300 million business. We are working hard on that, trying to think about -- we talked about the vending earlier, fasteners you know those numbers. Safety is one that continues to do well, driven -- its a great product -- through vending. We continue to see very good growth in the safety product line, some of them, trying to think ones that arent doing as well, fasteners I guess is still doing well but its still not keeping up with the company, so the other ones are outgrowing it.
Daniel L. Florness: One tip that I will throw in though on trends is year-to-date the last couple of years if I look at what our business was doing in 12 and 13, if I looked at January to September we are up about 12% on average, 12.5% in 12 and 11.5% in 13. We are up about 18% this year. Fasteners arent far behind that 18%, so up about 17%. Last two years they were up 8% and 6% respectively and our non-fasteners are up about 19% to get our average of 18% and they were up about 16% the last two years. And so our vending business continues to help support our non-fasteners, more hours in the store support our non-fasteners. The marketplace as well as more energy in the stores is getting our fastener growing.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay, thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks Adam.
Willard D. Oberton: I think we are at 9.44, sorry Michele. I think we are at 9.44 and so we are going to wrap up the call. We are very conscious of the fact that the folks on this call were in earnings season so you have busy schedules and we like to hold to our 45 minutes. Again thank you for participating in the call this morning. And one shout out Ill give is my sons soccer team won in the High School, won their second game last night in the state tournament or in the sectional tournament. I wish them good luck on Saturday. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Investor Relations Will Oberton - Chief Executive Officer Dan Florness - Chief Financial Officer Lee Hein - President
Analysts: Holden Lewis - BB&T Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Robert Barry - Susquehanna Ryan Merkel - William Blair Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities David Manthey - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fastenal Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ellen Trester, of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2014 second quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present for todays call is Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions-and-answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2014, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may also be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Will Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you for everybody who is joining us on the call today. Looking at the second quarter 2014, I would rate it as a good quarter, not a great quarter, but a good quarter. The most positive numbers being in the sales area, we had 12.1% sales growth for the quarter. Some of the highlights as I see it, our older stores grew right at 10% and even stronger in last two months of the quarter. So, when our store historically, when our older stores are growing in the double-digit Fastenal does very well. Our sequential pattern from January to June, which we follow the sequential pattern very closely was up 14.8% from January to June. Our fastener sequential growth was up 15.1% from January to June and our construction business was up more than 20%. To see those number -- to see number similar to that you would have to go back, all the way back to 2010, where we had similar results and you can see how it came out after that. So, from a sales standpoint, were feeling very good about what we've done. We believe a lot has to do with us adding the people back at the end of or during 2013 and continuing to be committed to drive more sales [cost]. On the EPS side, we were somewhat disappointed, we thought we would do a better job or produce higher earnings per share and it's really a margin story. I think, Dan, did a nice job in the earnings release stating our margin and some of the pressures were having with larger accounts and things like that, and that we are not going to push the margins so hard internally that we make start -- put our people in a position to make bad business decisions. A couple of things in the margin though that that were disappointing other than the net result, freight slipped just a little bit, which we have to work on that, that's really about pounding the drum and making sure that we make that work, and some of our measurements on pricing habits slipped slightly. So we are looking at that very hard, we are working very hard on the margin and I believe we will continue to do well there. On the expense side, team did a nice job. We grew our SG&A by 10%. That was with 15% more FTEs. So we added the people, we got the sales results, we produced the sales results and we still maintained our expense level at a very well. So, we are happy about that. Vending -- and also on the sales side, our vending performance remained strong. We had good signings. Our sales growth was good, its still about 20% and we saw improvement in the margin. We have a tremendous upside on the margin with the vending. It will take time to do it, but with things we are doing with THUB and buying better packaging. There are a lot of initiatives going on with vending and so we are very excited about the vending opportunity and believe it's a big part of our future along with fasteners and many other things. So to summarize, I am going to keep my comments short today. To summarize, as I see it, we have very good sales momentum. Our fastener sales are recovering. Our vending remains strong. We have -- we did -- done a very nice job on our expense control and we need to continue to work hard on our margin. So as looking at our business, that's what you can expect from the future is continue to work hard in the sales, work on the margin, manage our expense and hopefully be a very good company for you to own. With that, I am going to turn it over to, Dan, who will give you more color on all of the numbers. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody, and also thank you for joining us on our call today. Ill just add a few noteworthy points on the patterns, primarily looking at the sequential patterns. As Will touched on, since January our business is up about 15%, daily average and he touched on some of the components and he touched on the fasteners growing with the company. He touched on construction growing faster than the company. Now, my guess is for the analytical folks listening to this, you look at them and saying, yeah, but you are comparing to a January that wasnt that impressive, because the weather really dampened it. If you take four points, three or four points out of each of the numbers that Will cited, its still a number that nobody is coming close to and we havent come close to since 2010, 2011 timeframe. So we have great momentum going into the second half of the year. And I think the real impressive part of that is, we talked a year ago about were investing in people at the store, were investing in selling energy at the store, thats going to provide us the energy to ramp up our growth and thats what you are seeing in the year-over-year numbers, but more importantly, thats what you are seeing in the sequential patterns and I think thats really strong statement going in. There are some sacrifices that come along the way and right now one of those sacrifices is a weaker gross margin than we would prefer. With that an industry leading gross margin and when you start peeling back it's really about whats happening in the business more so than what's happening our habits. Although, our habits like anything else in life we can tweak and make a moment better and we should have been in the range, now there is no question about that. Were less concern today about the noise in the range and more concern about whatever our patterns with sales growth. The -- but the sacrifice that comes with the hangover we have in gross margin, a hangover that I think everybody is aware of, that hangover changes dramatically as we transition now from Q2 to Q3. Because what will the dynamics of our gross margin a year ago. And so, because of the short-term sacrifice we didnt hit, we get frustrated internally when our incremental margin does not have a two -- at least a two in front of it. We are in the mid teens. I believe looking into the second half of the year, we have incremental margin that well be proud of. And it pushes us well as we approach 2015 and beyond. Will touched on THUB. Our THUB facility is ramping up. You know, like any new business thats taken us some time to work through the pains. Quite a few of the regions have now turned on. I was looking at our picking activity as it relates to our THUB facility and our vending replenishments and our picking activity from May to June went up 2.5 times. So 2.5 times is the ramp-up. And we still have ton of opportunity. And what comes as that improves is it creates great efficiency at the store level. It helps us on working capital but it creates greater efficiency at the store level because were picking that product of replenishment for those machines as high frequency product. Were picking that in a more efficient manner. It also allows us to drive towards product consolidation of whats in THUB. Efficiency is the win at the store. The gravy on top of that is as we drive consolidation, we improve the gross margin of our vending business because were consolidating the brand of skews that are going through the machines. Finally, touching on our cash flow, we -- I missed one point, sorry. We did announce also in our release that were closing some stores in the second half of the year. And weve closed a number of stores over the last several years. And like -- and as weve said in the past, were always challenging ourselves of looking at our business today, based on how we go to market today and say what is the best thing for this local market. Because the key to our success long term is being the best distribution company were located. If thats Eau Claire, Wisconsin, were the best distribution business in Eau Claire, Wisconsin for serving the customers needs there and serving the growing opportunity of the marketplace. So we announced in the latter half of the year, were going to close about 45 stores. And the way we approach that internally is we reached out to our regional leaders with 20 plus regional leaders gathered around North America. And we said to them, hey folks, if you could do a do over, if you could look at your business right now and identify where you want to open stores because there is still lot of stores for us to open. Where you want to open stores, where you would prefer to consolidate some businesses into fewer locations in this market because it makes more sense for our business today. It makes more sense because of our vending, because of our distribution capabilities, because of all the tools we have in place. What would you do and they identified 45 stores. So during the second quarter, we accrued up some cost for the future leases related to those facilities and were moving on to our future. But I think thats a good healthy thing for our organization to do. Touching on the cash flow which I was getting to a second ago, Im still proud of all the things were doing. As a growth company, we produce operating cash as a percentage of earnings, thats in the 90s, was 92% in the first six months of this year, it was 93% in the first six months of the last year. Thats impressive number when you look at what our growth is doing today versus a year ago at this time because that takes cash to fund that growth. We continue to invest heavily in both the vending side as well as our distribution infrastructure. And if you look at the numbers, we have published in our annual report looking at CapEx for the year and you will apply that to our patterns of business. Historically, our investing activities are just shy of 30% of earnings. Last year, we were in the mid-40s so we invested a lot of cash into the infrastructure of the business. This year we anticipate being in the mid 30s. That number is working back down to a more normal number. And we think that infrastructure investments that we've made positions us well for the years to come. With that, I will turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Holden Lewis from BB&T. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Great. Thank you very much. Good morning guys.
Will Oberton: Hey Holden.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: I just sort of want to get a sense of, on one hand, youre kind of talking about working hard on sort of the margin, but I think in the sort of in the transcript you talked about how you definitely have a sort of a focus now on perhaps more growth than margin? So Im trying to reconcile in terms of trying to get a sense of when we could start to see margins getting better? How do you reconcile those two comments that caring about margin but on the other hand really caring about growth perhaps more so than margin at this time?
Will Oberton: Well, we care about both of them equally, but what we have discovered as if we push margin too hard that we make bad business decisions and were walking away from very -- what might be very profitable business. So we have to do is from a margin standpoint, work more on the mechanical side of it of what the pricing should be versus just standing up and saying, hey, we need to be at 52% or we need to be at 53%, talk about good decisions, talk about what the opportunities are, talk about how we buy product and so its more of a mechanical discussion piece by piece than it is about getting every penny for on every sale. So its about creating better habits at the store level and building it into the culture and as we get there whether that gets us to 51.5 or 52.5, whatever that is, we still want to be able to grow our business at 18, 15 to 20 plus percent as we do that. Weve done a lot of sole searching on the margin and we found as if we push it too hard it throws breaks on sales. I dont know if that helps yet, its a fine line.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Yeah. Okay. And then just on the follow-up, fewest number of heads I think that you added this quarter since the Q1 of 13. Are we sort of seeing one of this plateaus or floors in the headcount adds, do you feel like you sort of over added, you want to grow into it or is it sort of a temporary random noise? How should we think about your strategy about heads going forward?
Will Oberton: Well, our headcount growth goal is to stay at 15% right now on the brand side of it. But last year we are very flat in the second quarter, so we didnt have to add a lot. You look at that we ended up right at the number of 15% growth rate, we actually
Dan Florness: Yeah. Were north of 16
Will Oberton: Yeah.
Dan Florness:  stores.
Will Oberton: Id say, overall, so at the store were above our number. But well continue to add through the third quarter the adds wont be real great because we didnt have again a lot last year, as fourth quarter comes that number will start to ramp up. So if you just pull out last years number and add 15%, 16% to that, thats pretty close to where we are going to be. But that, again, weve been working very hard with our regionals, we had a mall in this week, talking about folks, get your numbers, were not going to give you exact headcounts, run your businesses like CEOs. And we have 20 of them doing that. Theres a little fluctuation in the numbers, some of we will had and some of we will not, but overall our goal is to add about 15% to our stores.
Dan Florness: Only thing I will add to that is, back in both our January and April call we did a talk about that that we wanted to end the year in that 15% neighborhood and we were slowing down. We werent pushing as hard on the adds, because were also very conscious of the fact that we want to manage our operating expenses through all this. We want to invest for growth, manage our operating expenses and I think thats what you saw in the quarter.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Josh filling in for Sam. Thanks for taking my questions.
Will Oberton: Hi, Josh.
Unidentified Analyst: In light of the store closings coming in the second half, could you give us an update on the potential number of stores you think you could have in the U.S. or North America, like what the potential store count could be years down the road?
Will Oberton: Our published number has always been around 3,500. As far as what weve talked about internally and externally, and we dont frankly know that number is right or wrong. What we do know is the market opportunity, depending on whose set of numbers Im going to look at is maybe its $160 billion, maybe its $140 billion, maybe its $110 billion. At $3.5 billion, we have a tremendous opportunity to go out to take market share for years into the future. Im 50 years old. Im confident. When Im long gone from being around here, this organization will be growing. Maybe at that point in time a good chunk of that growth is coming from outside of North America, who knows, depends on how successful we are in the next 10, 15 years. But that -- but its really about whats the opportunity? I dont know how many stores we will have. I dont know how many vending machines we will have. I dont know how many bin stock programs we will have. I know that we will be doing business with more customers in more locations, doing more dollars and I look forward to seeing how that evolves. But our stated number right now is 3,500 and we -- its a little bit of a napkin calculation, but we think its a reasonable way to look at the future.
Dan Florness: We are also spending time trying to understand the changing customer habits with internet, with -- more terrific, with where people want to travel, and thats going to determine a lot of where that number eventually falls, what the customers expect out of us as a distributor or supplier.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the color. And then specifically on the pick up in fastener growth, could you discuss in a little bit more detail, what was driving that and specially what the -- whether pricing was positive or negative?
Will Oberton: Pricing is pretty neutral, if anything, its challenging because, one thing you had to keep perspective, if you look at the economic improvements we have had, which have been meager over last five years. But if you look at that them, they are heavily skewed to larger companies than they are to smaller companies, at least thats my perception when I read in the paper, what I see in the media, what I see in connections I have with friends in my hometown of, their own businesses, that employing where from five to 25 employees or 50 employees, of where the recovery, albeit, meager has been achieved. The other thing as we raised our fastener business, we have talked a bit about 20% of our business today is heavy equipment manufacturing and that pummeled us in 2013. In 2012, we were seeing very attractive growth in that business. As we went through 2013 that we growth weakened. We bottomed out in the third quarter with low single digits growth, we had a month there, but we actually went slightly negative and the only growth that we were seeing in the months around it, were the facts we were adding market share, but our core business was down. That business has been improving as we have entered into 2014. We saw mid, kind of mid single-digit growth in that business in the first quarter. That improved a few percentage points in the second quarter. We were at about 8% to growth in that business and from a sequential pattern thats given legs to our fastener business as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I will get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Will Oberton: Good morning, Adam.
Dan Florness: Hey, Adam.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Just to clarify, Dan, you mentioned earlier that the second half of the year, you are looking for an improvement in the incremental margins, you think you can still hit that mid to high 20% range that we were talking about a couple months ago?
Dan Florness: Well, if I look out the fourth quarter, I am very comfortable with that, because that the hangover has gone in gross margin. The wildcard for third quarter is topline and gross margin. I -- come end of the quarter, I personally will be disappointed and this is a dangerous place me to go, but since you asked the question. I personally will be disappointed if its not a two in front of the incremental margin and I dont think, I am going on and live with that comment, because when you look at where our expectations are and where our expectations should be. And thats, we just had all of our regional leaders in on Wednesday and Thursday of this week and those are the discussions we had with them and I believe the selling momentum we have in the business, went itself to having that type of belief in the future and I dont think I am smoking something and saying it.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay. Got you. And then, unrelated to that, percent of sales to vending customers fell for the first time, I think ever, what exactly is unfolding there?
Dan Florness: Similar to the, what you saw in assessing our stores and our stores that we have today, we have a business thats gone from zero to $350 million, $400 million in sales annual run rate, plus in a handful of years and in 2012 and 2013 we signed a tremendous amount of vending machines. As we become smarter about the business we see vending machines that are performing unbelievably. We see vending machines that are performing damn well, excuse my choice of words. We see vending machines that are disappointing. And we take a good hard look at them and we pull some machines out. And when we pull it, the way we report the number is we count -- if we have a customer that has 30 locations that we sell to and were vending in 20 of those. We only count the business in those 20 when were reporting our numbers. So if we pull vending machines out of one location and we scratch our head and say this location just doesnt have enough employees, want to pull it out of this one. That might be a location that spends a fair amount of dollars on something but vending machine did make sense. And it pulled out a little bit. To me the number that really matters is the 21% or 22% growth with the customers that have vending because thats whats going to drive our business long term. The other thing you had to keep in perspective some of the things that are raising our numbers right now, improving our growth of 15% Fastenal improvement, the 20% construction. Some of those customers dont have vending yet. And so one thing thats happening, we pulled some machines up. What is really happening is the tide is rising.
Dan Florness: Better business mix.
Will Oberton: Yeah. But you know essentially, you look at 37 or 38, its a little bit noisy.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Barry from Susquehanna. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Hey guys. Good morning.
Will Oberton: Good morning Rob.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: I had a question, follow-up question on the gross margin outlook. So in the release you alluded to it being near or just below the low end of the range for the short term. Im curious what gives you confidence. This pressure on gross margin will only be a short-term phenomenon?
Dan Florness: Well, the real reason I put it in there to be honest with you. You guys wore me out in the last three months. The number of questions I got about, we would be here, be here, it almost wore me out and its really more of a statement to everybody, hey lets manage growing the business. Were going to work really hard on the gross margin. There is a whole bunch of things mechanically that I can look at that were doing today, tomorrow, next week. I touched on a few with THUB that were doing to structurally improve the gross margin. But well mention it earlier. What we dont want to do is play the music so darn loud that we have a store somewhere in Fastenal tomorrow that turns down a 28% margin sale or 22% margin sale because of the noise they heard from us. And we want to say to them, grow your business and grow it properly. One thing, Bob Kierlin taught us years ago that we can never forget, at the end of the day, its about returns. At the end of the day, its about your operating margin. Are you generating cash to support your growth in terms of the business? And if you do that everyday and you service your customer well, youll grow your business. And youll build a better business tomorrow than you have today.
Will Oberton: I think also staying on what we learnt from Bob is that our biggest factor we believe in margin isnt markets and isnt products, its pay programs. And I have been saying that for a long time when we are all Fastenals, we are margins at 52. Were now 40% Fastenals, our margins at 51.8. So not a lot of variance over 20 years the way we got, excuse me, 50.8. So it has not moved a lot. We have the pay programs in place to motivate these people to make the good decisions. And those decisions just arent all about margin, they are about growth versus margin and thats what we want to let -- we want to let that work but we havent lowered our programs to allow lower margins and pay it. So I think the systems are in place at the store level, at the district, at the regional and the top level and thats why I have confidence that the margin is not going to move a lot. And going down, well keep our hand down.
Dan Florness: To be honest, Id rather report second quarter with 12% growth and 50.8 gross margin than 8% growth and were at 51.8.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Yeah. I mean, I guess, it all normalizes out on the earnings line, right. And I think that there is a big picture concern that its becoming more expensive to grow in industrial distribution. And so I guess the follow-up question is, if you want to shift the conversation to operating margin thats fine or even earnings growth help us see how you get back to your kind of target growth range of 15% to 20% without it costing so much that youre not really seeing as much or greater leverage on the earnings line.
Dan Florness: If we grew, we grew our expense at 10%. So we had leverage on the growth. Our problem was on the sales growth versus expense. Our problem is we had a tough margin comparison from last year. So if we roll it forward, if we maintain our margin at 51% range and hopefully we move it up on thats given guidance Im saying, we should -- we will have earnings leverage. So were controlling our expenses well. We have great sales momentum. Again were up 14% from January and so we think were in a good spot. Its -- we just have to continue to do well.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Thanks. First question on pathway to profit, I noticed you changed the 23% EBIT margin target. You now needing a 110,000 per month for the average store from 100,000. Just wondering if you can expand on that a bit?
Dan Florness: The language we had in there was the range of 100 to 110. Were at a base. We had a $100,000 average store this quarter. And our gross margin slipped at 50.8. We need to be closer to 110 to hit 23. At 51.5, it would be a different discussion.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Right. Okay. And then on vending, what is the average gross margin today on those products and where do you think it could go, is 50% achievable at some point or is that too optimistic?
Dan Florness: If I look at our vending where its running right now, a few years ago when we were talking about vending and a lot of questions about the weaker gross margins in it and we take a step back and say, the customers that have vending are larger customers and their gross margin is around X and our gross margin in vending is very much in line. And when we look at our customers before vending and after vending, the gross margins didnt really change and they were in that neighborhood of 40%. If you look at our vending today, we've improved it meaningfully from where it was two years ago. And if we hadnt, we would have more drag from it because its roughly 12% of our sales right now vending, 12% to 13%. I dont have the exact number in front of me.
Will Oberton: Its north of 13
Dan Florness: Its north of 13. And so -- and weve move that margin up more in that 43.5 to 44 range. And right now if I look at the concentrations of products going through vending and thats why I touched on the THUB comment earlier. Our concentrating effect isnt that strong yet. And so I really see no reason why that the gross margin in our vending can't normalize to the gross margin of the company allowing for the products. And what I mean by that is our fasteners gross margins are 51%. Our non-fastener margins arent 51%. Fasteners are above that number, non-fasteners are little bit below that number. But there is plenty of room for us to improve gross margin over time and its really about being smarter about the products that go into a machine. A machine that we know a lot more about today than we did two years ago and thats why our margin is improved by 3.5 points.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Right. And I would assume private label more than the machine is only going to help as well.
Dan Florness: Its private label, its brands. Its really about the scale and efficiency that comes from -- if I can say to my supplier, we would like to buy this product and were selling so many of this product, whether its a private label or a brand, were selling so much of this through our vending machines that we want to buy it this way. Its not even pallete pricing, its container pricing. By this way were going to bring in the THUB and were going to push it out through our machines. It allows you to source so much better and the margin improves and it isnt just because youre putting your brands in it, its because youre putting -- youre even getting the business. And you are improving the economics of the business and improving the labor efficiency at the store unbelievably and it gives you more selling energy.
Will Oberton: Im still completely convince looking at the numbers that vending will be our most efficient and most profitable business overall or on period, not very shortly but for a long period of time, for years to come because of all the things we built in. And in the second quarter for the first time, we had a run rate to actually be over a $0.5 billion going through the machines.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Yeah.
Will Oberton: So it is become a big business thats growing well above the company, so if we continue any, even similar growth rates, our profit picture for the future looks great.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: And next question comes from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone.
Will Oberton: Good morning.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Well, I hate to go back to the margin question, which is really the focus we are seeing from clients.
Dan Florness: Thats okay.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities:  from clients.
Dan Florness: Weve heard it before Eli, go on
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: I know, but, youve articulate a stronger incremental in the second half, the mix is sort of trending little bit better, you are controlling your expenses to a slower add. So the question becomes, why our gross margins hanging around the same level and so as you look out? And there is got to be something else affecting it whether its lack of supplier rebates or changes, something else is affecting the market that you shouldnt show some leverage from 50.8%, that's meaningful basically with last year based on the current trends? So can you help me get some idea what -- why it was at the same levels?
Dan Florness: We are not saying were not. What were saying is, if our growth, like I said, in part of my commentary it was, the focus, the spotlight of every question that comes in is about gross margin here, here or there. And we are not going to jump out the window. If we report a quarter with 51 or 50.9 or 51.1 gross margin, we are seeing a tremendous amount of growth in our business right now, from non-fasteners, we are seeing improvements in fasteners, we see great trends in fasteners, but the year over numbers are what they are and its disproportionate to large account business. If the small customer was growing as fast with us and we had that that mix in our numbers, we are being challenged by mix in a massive way, all these things that are under the hood that we talked about, the vending -- improvements in vending gross margin, the improvements in our sourcing, the things we do everyday, the improvements over the years in our freight, all these things are structural changes we are making to combat the massive change in customer and product mix that occur in our business. When I joined Fastenal in 1996, 4% of our business was national account, today its 44%. If I add large reasonable accounts more than 50% of our business today is a large multi-location customer. When I joined Fastenal in 1996, I think at that time fasteners were about 80%, 85% of our business, today they dropped in half to low 40s, but during that timeframe, we've managed all the structural components within the respective product categories and end market categories and weve basically had a gross margin that has been unchanged. There has been periods of turmoil, but, yes, you have a business that goes from $220 million a year to $3.5 billion a year in 17 years that comes to the [third-party].
Will Oberton: Here is our internal thinking on it. If we had a point of growth to our business where we are right now, we had just about $10 million in quarterly revenue and $5 million in gross margin. If we give up 20 basis points, which everybody's freaked out about, we give up $2 million, so do I want a point of growth or do I want the 20 basis points, I like them both, but on balance, a point or 2 of growth is worth a lot of margin and we have to find that balance within our company and keep the street in and the know at the same chart to keep, Dan, is checking his calculator here, if I got it right.
Dan Florness: No. I am not.
Will Oberton: Oh! I do have a right. So at a $1 billion you had a point of growth, you pick up $10 million and so thats trying to find that balance, where do you get the return on, the extra $5 million in gross margin.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: All right. Thank you. And one follow-up question on a completely different topic? One of these, I am surprised that I dont hear much is that, the company is undertaking sort of a metalworking initiative, more venture into cutting tools, I know, you have the deal with the Kennametal? So, we are not hearing very much about what's going on in that business, how its growing, whether or not it's still a main focus and cutting tools or right to vending machine would add a lot to margins still at the same time? So if you can give some idea of should I not expect much in next couple of years or is that a real focus area outside of what we had discussed?
Will Oberton: No. We are continuing to work very hard at a metalworking, its continuing to outgrow the overall company revenue, not by the amount that we had expected but we are growing well above. We see our public peers that are working in that area. Our metal working sales are growing well above any one else that we can get public data on. Weve just -- we havent been talking as much about the different product lines. What Dan and I have learned over long period of time is the more we talk about it, the more we have to support it. And its easier for us to give more general information, continue to work harder on the macro numbers, growth, margin, headcount and -- but when people ask we do talk about this. So, were very excited about the metal working opportunity just as were about Fastenals safety, vending and many other areas.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Hi guys. Good morning.
Will Oberton: Good morning.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: First off, Dan, you mentioned is there is a lot of things that youve got going on that if you call them mechanical factors that will structurally improve gross margin and not to dwell on this too much. But could you just tick up a few examples of those things just so we can have a [longer] list?
Dan Florness: Sure. The first one is what we touched on was THUB.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Right.
Dan Florness: The consolidate -- the aggregation of our spend whether thats going to one of our brands that we support in our THUB facility or private label that we support in our THUB facility. Its identifying all the opportunities we have and communicating that to the field and communicating that to our district managers and our regional leaders. So heres the gross margin opportunity for this, this and this. And were always doing that for the business in total but there is tremendous opportunity. I always think of the vending machine as an end cap if you want to use a retail analogy. And on the end cap, as our retailer yield lot of choice, but what goes on to that end cap. We have a lot of influence while that goes into the vending machine. We need to exercise that influence and we need to go to our customer everyday with cost savings ideas and this is one of them. We can -- you can do a sharing, a gain sharing components of that and its a win-win scenario for our customer, for our business and for our suppliers. And so because its a more efficient supply chain, the freight one is another component of that, that we always talk about. And then the third one is being really good on the sourcing side at the store and at the company level on commodity pieces, the branded pieces and challenging ourselves on the exclusive brand pieces. And again that relates to our business everyday and I challenge our product managers and our sourcing folks on that everyday about what were stocking in the store, about how were sourcing, how were expanding our capability to source and how were helping our stores do a better job too.
Will Oberton: David, I would throw in a fourth there and that is the education of our stores to charge for the value that they provide our customers. That is -- I know thats an intangible but Ill tell you we were adding 16% to 17% more hours in the store. They are inexperienced people. As they gain experience and they gain confidence, things will change but that goes right back to the habits of pricing our customer or a sale appropriately. And that is an ongoing item for us too.
Dan Florness: As long as I have a list, Ill throw in a fifth.
Will Oberton: There you ago.
Dan Florness: And that is that Lee has promoted a gentleman to work for, I am working on pricing but he is really working on, he is trying to identify the current systems that are available, software, trends and study the science of pricing and understanding the opportunity of the products we sell into the market. And weve always been pretty good at that but we think there is upside. So he is and its really -- that is really more focus on larger customers understanding what the needs are. And so I had all these things put together give us some help and at the same time, everyone is pushing you for the other direction. So its going to be a tug of war forever. We just hope to win a little more on the rope.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Right. Okay. And then just to follow-up, dragging that down the P&L to where it matters at the EBIT line. Historically, youre changing EBIT, divide about change in GP dollars has been, lets call it around 50%. And I guess, the theory is that if -- let's say your customers are getting bigger, the mix is changing and so forth but the cost to serve goes down. Should that number not be as good or maybe even better than it has been historically, meaning you get better leverage on your cost structure because of the cost to serve these bigger customers is lower.
Will Oberton: Thats really inherent in pathway to profit, thats kind of what we identified bigger customers, bigger stores, lower cost to serve.
Dan Florness: Its about volume 
Will Oberton: Yes. Its -- and we see -- we have lots of data points with the number of stores. We have and we can see where it is and as long as we continue to grow our average store size, this quarter is difficult because we had tremendous drop in the margin, I mean 140 basis points, everything looks skewed in the wrong direction. But in more normal quarter, you would have seen that come through.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Okay. All right, thanks very much.
Will Oberton: Thanks, Dave.
Dan Florness: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn our call back to Will and Dan.
Will Oberton: Once again, I want to thank you for your continued interested in Fastenal. Hopefully, the combination of our earning release and the commentary in this call helps you understand our business and how were working to grow the business into the future. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Will D. Oberton - CEO Dan L. Florness - EVP and CFO Lee J. Hein - President
Analysts: Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group Brent Rakers - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Kwame Webb - Morningstar
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) Please note, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to (indiscernible). Ma'am, please go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you. Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2014 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for question and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations' home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1st, 2014, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Will D. Oberton: Thank you, [Jen] (ph). I'd also like to let you know that Lee Hein, our President, is also with us this morning. I'd like to start off by thanking everybody for joining us on the call today and I'm happy to report that we had a good first quarter of 2014. Our sales growth of 8.7% for the quarter was moving in the right direction sequentially. We had a very strong March at 11.6%, so we're very encouraged by that and believe we're moving in the right direction with adding our more selling energy in the stores. Very sequential improvement -- excuse me -- very good sequential improvement overall in the business, but what we're really excited or especially excited about is the improvement in our older stores. If you look at the March number of almost 10%, that's very strong. And historically, this has been a very positive indicator for both future growth and profitability. So, that's one number that gave us great encouragement. On the earnings side, the story really is year-over-year margin. It's very difficult, if not impossible, to grow our earnings relative to sales, when our sales are in the single-digit, and our margin was down almost 100 basis points. With that being said, our margin is moving in the right direction and we're very focused on improving that. So, directionally, we feel good about the margin. It's just at a lower point than it was last year and it made the earnings growth very difficult. The thing on the earnings, from an expense control, everyone did a very good job. I'm really proud of the Fastenal team. The extreme weather that we had caused expenses to go up in more areas than you can imagine. Simple things like snow plowing, you know, the fuel, all of those things, heating expenses, but overall, it's very challenging with the hard weather, but the team held tough, and we did a nice job in expense control in difficult times. And that's -- just, again, very proud of the team. Switching to the vending area, although our signings were down, the most important number and the one we're very focused on, growth of the vending customers and growth of the number of customers using it and growth with that group of customers both moved up and so we're very excited about the program. So, overall I feel good about the current state of our -- and our future prospects for vending. I have spent a lot of time in this past quarter visiting customers and in most cases, they are larger customers that have installed vending systems and in every case, the customers have been very excited about the systems. They have talked about the savings and in most cases, they are actually in the process of adding more machines to the customers I saw. So, very positive. We're going to continue to move forward with the vending program and feel that it holds a great future for us. Moving forward talking about pathway to profit, here at Fastenal, we have an old saying and the saying is that sometimes you have to take a step back to get two steps ahead. We've been saying that for about 30 years in our business and I think that really frames up our pathway to profit. We did take a step back in the first quarter because we added a lot of selling energy in the store and we moved -- we went backwards slightly. But, we're very focused on the 23% pretax growth and the overall concept of pathway to profit. Larger stores, average stores becoming larger and the profitability improving per store. So, we haven't lost any focus on that, although we took a step back with the energy we put in. We're still very excited about the future prospects of the profitability of the business by doing -- by having larger stores. Looking at the -- one of our very important initiatives, the headcount, we're on track. We're up about just over 15%. We're going to stay on that track, continue to add labor at 15%, but understand it doesn't translate into 15% more labor dollars. We're adding very heavily on the part-time side and the goal there is to bring more part-time labor to do the backroom tasks, answering the phone, loading the trucks, stocking the shelves, making the deliveries, which will free up time for our managers and our sales people to be out aggressively calling on our customers and growing our business. The other thing that it does by focusing on the part-time help, it allows us to bring in a lot of strong people for the future. So, not only does it allow us to manage our expenses very well, it allows us to build for the future. So, two very positive things and we're very confident we're making the right moves in that area. So, overall -- my comments are short today, but overall, I feel very good about the quarter. Not so much about the results, but more about the direction that we're going. We're moving things in the right direction. We feel very good about that. And I believe one of the reasons that we're doing -- the direction is going as well as it is, is that Lee and his teams, back in the fourth quarter, spent a lot of time talking about our goals and really putting time in to make sure that our goals are realistic -- our sales goals for our stores are realistic for 2014. Then they spent a lot of time messaging to the stores, communicating with the stores, talking about goal and having a very simple message; hit your goal. Some stores needed to grow 30% to hit their goal because of the situation they are n, and some stores may not grow at all to hit their goal because it's a difficult comp, something like that. And it's working. If you look at January, we were at 98.7% of goal; February, we're at 98.7% of goal. We think those goals were affected by weather. But we came back strong in March and we hit 102.4% of goal, which miraculously got us to 100% for the quarter. But I think there's more to it than that. I think the people are really buying in. They knew they were a little bit behind. They picked it up hard in March, and they came through for the team because they understood what they needed to do and it added up. Now, I don't know if we'll ever do that again, the exact 100%, but we're still focused on that and we're going continue to pound that drum all year because it really resonates well with the field. They understand what they need to do. If we are able to achieve our goal and I'm not giving guidance, I'm just telling you the way we're thinking. If we're able to achieve our goal in the second quarter, we would -- our goal -- or our sales would come in just over 13%. We believe that's achievable. It's too early in the quarter to say it is, but we feel good about it and we're working very hard to achieve that goal. And I think the people in the field are motivated by that simple message of going out and doing it every day. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan and then we'll take some questions. Thank you very much.
Dan L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. At Fastenal, we've never been known for brevity in our earnings releases. We try to explain the business as thoroughly as we can for the outside world; plus, we find it useful for our folks internally. They get a chance to understand better and learn more about their business and where it's going. This quarter, I think we could have had a release that was about a half page long. I think the number that matters is that first line on that first page of 8.7% topline growth. And when you look on, as Will touched on, the pages where we dissect the stores of varying ages, the fact that our oldest group of stores is close to 10% growth is a tremendous feat. And what that really does for us, it allows us, over time, to continue to leverage the business through the pathway to profit because we're driving up the average store size, over time and our largest, most profitable stores are continuing to grow. Sequentially, very strong February to March. January and February were both heavily impacted by the weather, as Will touched on. But a very, very solid step up to get us back to where the business inherently is as opposed to where it was getting pounded down to because of the weather. One item that I note that's positive and there's a lot of questions as far as how reliable the ISM has been as a predictor of our business over the last several years. Historically, it's been a very good predictor; the last several years, not quite so well. But we're seeing, as we go into 2014, a continuing improvement in that number, which I believe ultimately is only good for our business. End marketwise, last year, our manufacturing customer base, which represents about half of our business, grew just over 6% -- 6.3% to be exact. The first quarter, as we touched on in the release, it grew at 9%; in March, it grew at 11.5%. Construction, which has been weak for -- really, it's been a weak piece of our business for a number of years, and we're not the only one in that boat. Post-2009, a lot of construction activity that had occurred for the prior decade really dried up and it hasn't come back. We grew at about 2.5% in 2013. We grew at 2.9% the first quarter. In March -- and I'm sure there's some things going on with weather in these numbers, but in March we grew 7.5%. So, again, very solid number. Our heavy equipment, which we've touched on in the past, was very, very challenging for us as we went through 2013. It has stabilized and we're seeing some nominal improvement in that business. Vending, a little noise in the release this quarter because we're trying to really better define how we measure our vending units and the equivalencies, really for the analyst community and some of the work they do. Page two of the vending is I think the page that matters. 40 -- close to 40% of our business today is with customers where vending is part of our offering. In that arena, it's close -- it's about 30% of the business, so about 12% of our business right now is actually going through a vending machine. But, it's about the relationship. And that 40% of our business is growing at close to 20% right now. And our goal, over time, is how do we take the 40% to 45%, how do we take the 45% to 50%, how do we continue to raise that because it's a very tangible measurement of engagement with our customer. It's not about the number of machines. It's not about all this other stuff. It's about engagement with our customers and driving that growth and the stickiness of that business. Will touched on some aspects of the gross margin. As we said on our January call, we expect it to be back into our range. The improvements really came from the fact of some of the supplier incentive programs reset. And, we did a nice job of freight in the quarter. Not just utilization piece that comes with greater activity, but we did a better job on every transaction, number of will calls we're doing at our supplier locations, the mode that our stores are using for moving their product. Because they pick the mode -- is it small parcel, is it going on our truck, is it going with a third party? We did a nice job of improving that and those things are shining through in the margin. Expense-wise, we break out a few pieces. Payroll -- labor expenses increased, primarily related to headcount, as a lot of folks within the organization -- when you're in an organization that values incentive compensation, you get a piece of prosperity. You also feel a piece of when the economy is more challenging and a lot of the district and regional leadership within Fastenal, as well as the national leadership are feeling that pain as we went through 2013 and the start of 2014. But we're investing in the business because we believe it's the right thing to do. Final item on the cash flow, first quarter is traditionally a solid cash flow quarter for us. We benefit -- it's the one time of the year where we don't have Uncle Sam putting his hand out and taking a big toll on us and so we're able to have a better cash flow in the first quarter. With the added growth in the business, especially leaning towards the latter third of the quarter, AR grew a little bit faster than we prefer to see. A couple things that are challenging in the numbers. One is the earlier piece I talked about, the amount of growth that's coming from those customers where we have great engagement. By and large, that's larger customer business. Larger customers have more ability to negotiate terms than our day-to-day business that comes into the store. A good chunk of the day-to-day is actually business that's almost cash. It's either coming in a credit card payment or a fairly quick payment, so there's not a lot of days there. And so if your growth is disproportionate to that population of your business, you're going to have a little challenging aspect on AR. With that said, we can always do better, and that's what we're working to do, both on the AR side and continuing to challenge the inventory. Over time, our inventory naturally leverages as our average store size grows. We just want to get a better piece of that. With that, I will turn it over -- Lee, do you have any comments? Okay. I will turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Will D. Oberton: Hey Adam.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I guess first of all to follow-up on the gross margin comments that you were making, Dan. It seems like the transportation utilization problems from weather were probably a big drag in the quarter. It doesn't seem to have come through on the gross margin. Should we expect that to pick up more in the second quarter?
Dan L. Florness: Well, definitely there was drag in the first two months. But one thing you have to keep in perspective, part of our issue in the first two months was -- in the case of January, we had our largest distribution center shut down for a number of days. State of Indiana, the interstate system was shut down for at least a day and a half, two days, and so our trucks weren't even running. And so -- and because they weren't running, product couldn't get through and sales couldn't occur. But when they are not running, we're also not incurring expenses, operating expenses. Obviously, we still had the payroll to the people, but not the direct operating. So, I wouldn't look at that in the vein you are. I think we saw the leverage that we would expect to see because we're moving. Basically every time the semi goes out, the simplest way I think about it, it has more boxes on it. It has more revenue going through it, and we're better leveraging that fixed cost.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Got you. And then on the SG&A side, the transfer costs were a big driver of the 9% overall cost growth, should we be thinking of that growth rate as pulling back?
Dan L. Florness: You're talking about the transportation, you said?
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Yes.
Dan L. Florness: Yeah. I believe that will improve. I know -- if you think about, when it's 10 below zero, and we had a lot of that in the Northern states of the country this year. There's a lot -- we have roughly 5,500, 6,000 pickups scattered across 2,700 locations. Lot of times where a pickup stays running, a lot of times where things -- when it's cold, all of our vehicles you see our miles per gallons drop off because more of the energy is going towards heating and getting cold oil to move than it is about locomotion. And so we'll see some improvements just because of the severity of the weather not being in the numbers and we saw that in March.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Great. And then what was your guess at the impact to -- 
Will D. Oberton: Adam that's -- now three, Adam.
Dan L. Florness: Adam, I'm going to get you back in queue.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Hey guys, nice quarter.
Will D. Oberton: Thanks, Ryan.
Dan L. Florness: Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So, I'm going to be picky though and ask about earnings leverage because now that we've caught up on sales hires and you're in the process of optimizing vending, can we expect incremental margins to rise back in that mid 20%s range if you continue the topline growth at 13% to 15%? Or do we need stronger, faster growth and a little inflation to get there?
Dan L. Florness: If we're getting the sales growth -- right now, the challenge in the first quarter and we all knew this coming in the first quarter, is the challenge now that we've been doing a lot of investing. We also have a pretty ugly gross margin comp to grow over in first quarter. I mean we were down roughly 115 basis points. As we go through 2014, that picture changes. It's still tough in the second quarter and getting great incremental margin in the second quarter is challenging. But with the added sales number, I believe we can see attractive incremental margin as we go into the second quarter, which, to me, means I believe we get into the -- get back to the 20%s. And then it's really in the second half of the year, it's more akin to what we would expect where that number is mid to upper 20%s. With -- and depending on the strength of the increase, the year-over-year basis gain in the gross margin, we'd like that ultimately to be in the 28% to 33% neighborhood. But definitely believe, as we go through the year that will move up nicely. And I believe it will improve in the second quarter.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Perfect. Okay. And the second question is I just want your read on if the industrial economy is truly picking up. You mentioned easier compares were part of the sales acceleration and then, of course, we have the Easter shift and we have weather. But if you put those factors aside, is the answer, you're getting a little help from light and medium manufacturing, but heavy is still tough, especially given the fastener number this quarter -- March was better, but in the quarter, the fastener number was still weak, is that fair?
Dan L. Florness: Yeah. I mean if you think of our book of business and we think of our self as a growth machine. We add selling energy into our stores to go out and sell additional items to existing customers and find new customers every day. But we have a tremendous book of business that's established right now; close to 30% of our business is OEM fasteners. A rising tide is incredibly powerful in what it can do for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey from Robert W Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Will D. Oberton: Hey Dave.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: First of all, Will, you mentioned in your monologue about your headcount goals for the year of adding 15% people, not necessarily dollars, of course. But I'm wondering, as T hub continues to ramp and you continue to get efficiencies in productivity on the vending side, are you planning on pulling back on the FTEs at the store level, or are you just continuing to reallocate those folks?
Lee J Hein: Yeah, Dave, this is Lee. No, we -- I just put a video out to our folks talking about the fact that we're going to continue to add. And we're going to be wise about it and look at the stores and the different markets. But it does something to the sales force when they have confidence that we're not going to add, then pull back, add, then pull back. They like the fact that we're going to continue to pour into the store. And my whole deal with this, when I talk to our people, it's why we're adding people is to maintain a high level of service and to have someone out seeking customers every day. That does something to our people and it puts us in a position to take market share, so we're going to continue.
Will D. Oberton: What we're really saying, Dave, is that, if we can afford it, continue to increase our incremental margin, as Dan said, up into the upper 20%s, maybe low 30%s. Take the rest of the earnings and put it into sales drivers. And if our stores become more efficient, we would expect higher growth rates than we historically have gotten because there's more energy our selling and less energy packaging orders.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Right, okay. Thank you for that. And sort of as a follow-on here, as you're thinking about 2014 and even beyond that, I'm just interested because on Wall Street, we tend to get a little myopic here in terms of quarterly and monthly data and things and I was hoping you could give us a little bit of a longer term view. What do you think in terms of three to five years, five to seven years? How do you view the future of Fastenal in terms of just growth and profitability? I understand pathway to profit and so forth, but I mean, are there still some good days ahead of you here?
Will D. Oberton: Dave, we think the days ahead of us are as good as -- or better than, the ones behind us. When you look at the overall market and you look at our share of the market being -- who knows exactly what it is, but it's no more than 3%, even 4% if you really go crazy on it and say it's only $80 billion or so. So, we're a very small player in a large market. We know that many of our stores can be three or four, five times bigger than they are based on their current size, so there's a tremendous amount of opportunity. We have some of the -- we have the best service in the industry we believe. We have some of the best systems with our vending, with our distribution, with our FASTCO Trading Company. We have the ability to buy well, move it efficiently, and deliver it on time, almost every time. And -- so, we're very focused on the future. Can we grow the business at 20% every year, year-over-year? I mean, the future will tell us that time; time will tell us, but we're going to invest to that level as long as we can afford to. We know that the profitability will go up. Even if the gross margin goes down some, if you look at our bigger stores, their average gross margin is lower, but their operating margins are much higher. So, we're not super focused on the gross margin -- we're focused on it, don't get me wrong, but that's not the real measure. The measure is way further down on the sheet, the operating margins and the return on capital. So, we believe the company will continue to grow well above inflation or GDP. We believe the business will continue to grow above most of our competitors, if not all of the large competitors hopefully, and we believe that the profitability will continue to improve year-over-year. And as I said earlier, sometimes you take a step back to get two steps ahead and sometimes that is caused because we make some bad decisions, like pulling back on labor too much as we did in the past. But overall, the future, we believe is very, very good. A couple things that are going in the direction of us and our large competitors -- more and more of the industry is getting bought up by bigger companies, the Danahers and all those companies, the GEs of the world. And what they want to do is they want to buy from fewer suppliers. At the same time, there are fewer big brands. The Stanleys are buying the DeWalts, and so on, and they want to sell to big distributors because it's easier and more profitable. So, the larger distributors, not just Fastenal, we all have an advantage in that situation and we think that we can leverage that advantage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question -- 
Will D. Oberton: Does that help?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: Good morning. Thank you. Maybe if you could -- 
Will D. Oberton: Good morning Hamzah.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: Good morning. Maybe if you could comment on how we should think about pricing in 2014? I realize inflation is low; demand may be picking up. A competitor of yours put through a moderate midyear price increase. I realize you don't overlap 100% with them, but maybe give us a sense of how we should think about pricing?
Dan L. Florness: I think pricing, generally speaking is going to be pretty quiet this year. There's always some movements we'll see on the steel side of the business, on the stainless steel side of the business. But I think generally speaking, it'll be relatively quiet. So much -- if you think of some of the things that are growing our business today, so much of it is about we have a better offering, a better means of delivery. I mean we talk constantly about the vending portion of it, but it's really on the MRO side, it's so much about, I need this, and I'm buying it in nominal amounts.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: And then maybe a longer term question, I know it's not in your DNA to do M&A, but as you look out longer term, does that ever change for you guys? And how do you think about sort of diversifying to becoming more of an MRO business, relative to being tied to the production assembly line?
Will D. Oberton: As far as diversifying, the second half of your question, we're comfortable with being tied to the assembly line. We like the MRO business, don't get me wrong, but there's a tremendous amount of opportunity, so we're happy playing in both of those markets. As far as M&A, going forward, it's not that we don't want to do it. In the past, we have never had to do it. So, it's really about what the greatest opportunity is. If the right opportunity came along, or if we found a company that would allow us to go into a new market, we're open to that. So, it's really about understanding where we want to go and understanding what is the fastest and the most accretive way to get there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, Will, Dan, Lee. How are you?
Will D. Oberton: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A couple of quick questions here. Actually, piggybacking on Hamzah's last question there, you called out specific deflation in fasteners themselves, is that competitive pressures? Is that commodity based? How long lasting do you think that might be? And would it get to the point where you need to really start focusing on inventory turns and protecting gross margin or we're not at that levels yet?
Dan L. Florness: Okay. Sorry, I was talking more -- I was talking generically more about the steel has, over time -- steel and stainless steel has over time some deflation and inflationary periods. Right now, everything is pretty quiet.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. What percentage of your total machines installed now are FAST 5000 machines? I know with the changing in the definitions, it's a little bit more challenging for us to get at that number.
Dan L. Florness: I believe it's around 47%. It's just under 50%, I know that, Sam. But I don't have the exact number right in front of me, I'm sorry.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And if I could sneak one quick one in there, when will store person sales productivity begin to stabilize in your view?
Dan L. Florness: Well, as we go -- right now, we're in that mode of adding around 15%, 16% FTE in an environment where our topline is growing in the 8% to 9%. As Will touched on, our goal is to get us into -- start moving us into the teens, low-teens, potentially -- 
Will D. Oberton: No guidance.
Dan L. Florness: as we get into the year. And so we're investing at a 15% clip with belief that we will move above that number as we go into later in the year, so third and fourth quarter.
Will D. Oberton: But again, I have to make clear, if you look at our labor cost, it didn't go up even close to 15%. We're adding in part-time hourly labor, and it's not -- to correct an earlier question, it's not 15% heads, it's 15% more hours.
Dan L. Florness: FTE.
Will D. Oberton: FTE. And so we're adding at a lower cost. We're managing it very well and so I'm actually very pleased with what the teams been able to do to get the labor in there without hurting expenses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Holden Lewis from BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much. Had a question for you. It looks like the fastener growth was relatively consistent with Q4, which was -- they are all a little bit better than sort of the previous quarters. But I mean of the acceleration, it looks like it's coming more from the non-fastener mix. And I guess what I'm curious about is, given the people that you're putting in place, which is aimed at sort of freeing up sales to go out and sell, I guess I would have thought that fastener growth would have been one indication that the initiatives that you have in place are beginning to gain traction and bite. And I guess I'm just wondering the degree to which the fastener performance is a bit disappointing and what does that say about the state of the initiatives, if you will?
Dan L. Florness: One thing you have to keep in perspective, Holden, is -- my way of thinking of our fasteners, about two-thirds of our fasteners are more production-centered. And additional selling activity, in a three or a six-month period, doesn't necessarily change that gob of business because you just can't influence enough. It's too long cycle. You can't influence it enough in the short-term. The MRO piece of our business, on the other hand, is like the non-fasteners in that it's MRO and selling activity can improve that. That business did improve in the first quarter. I don't have the stats in front of me for that subset of the business. But the MRO side of our fastener business did improve which to me, lines up perfectly with the added selling energy in the store.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Got you. And then on the vending machines, as you noted, the growth of the customers that use them has been going up. I was curious, are you having more success in getting sort of the $2,000 per month, or whatever it was, from customers that are putting that in place? I know in the past, you've sort of talked about maybe you weren't meeting that aspiration. Is part of the growth that you're seeing or the improvement in that metric just you doing a better job farming the incremental revenue that you've been wanting to get?
Dan L. Florness: I think it's a little bit of each, but keep in mind that the $2,000 number that we have out there is a commitment on total business with that customer. We're doing quite nicely in that regard. The second piece of it -- we also look at it every day from the standpoint of -- this customer, their business went from $10,000 to $12,500, so we went up $2,500. They have completely met their commitment to us of increasing their business. But we might look at the vending machine and we say, but the vending machine is only doing $1,000 or $1,100 or $1,300 or $800 and we challenge ourselves, internally, to understand -- that machine, we believe, can do more revenue. And when we have a machine out there doing $800, are we providing the best service to our customer? Because, if there's a bunch of coils in that machine that aren't turning, the machine brings tremendous usage, both point-of-use access availability, so it's closer to where the employee is working, and it lowers consumption. But if we have a bunch of coils in the machine that aren't turning because we don't have the right product in there, we're not providing the greatest value to our customer. And I'd love to be in a position where we add $400 to that machine because we're providing more value. By the way, our sales just went to $2,900 of growth rather than $2,500. But as far as getting the growth, we're getting the growth from the customer.
Will D. Oberton: And your question, yes, we're getting more, and that's why our growth just keeps moving up over the last three quarters through those customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Hey, guys. Thank you. Good morning.
Will D. Oberton: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: I wanted to just ask about the 13% growth number, the low-teens growth rate that it sounds like you're targeting for 2Q or later into the year, what are the assumptions behind help from the end markets in that? Or is that really just about kind of firm-specific initiatives?
Will D. Oberton: It's company-specific. What I'm saying is that we work -- Lee's team worked very hard developing the goals, trying to understand the sequential patterns and if we stick with those, we're going to end up just over 13%. It uses a lot of looking at our historical sequential patterns and actually, being just above those, as we go forward, or exceeding those -- not a big above -- not well above, excuse me. And that's really what it's looking at. And that aside, our assumption in the economy is that it will get ever slightly better as we go through the year. We think it's going to improve a little bit. The anecdotal stuff and as I've said, I've been out to see a lot of customers over the last three months. And generally speaking, there's some positive feeling with the customers about things going on later in the year. So, that's making us feel a little better about the business and how we're going to end, or go throughout the year -- stuttering, I apologize.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. And then just maybe tying that into the outlook for the incrementals, mentioning it going back into the mid to upper 20%s or even the low 30%s, how much of that is in your control versus how much is about getting help from the end markets? If you are doing the low-teens, which is -- sounds like it's mostly in your control, can we still, under that assumption, expect to see that improvement in the incrementals as the year progresses, based on things that you're doing at Fastenal?
Dan L. Florness: Yes. And I think there's things in life that are we and you -- I mean the market needs to help, or we need to do this. It's there. Again, the really challenging part, as we look at 2014 in general, is the fact that 2013 is kind of like two distinctly different years, from the standpoint of what our fastener business was doing and what our margin was doing. And so, as those comp changes, as we go through the year, it just makes it easier. But I'm feeling -- I like what I see when I look at 2014 for Fastenal's opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Wunderlich.
Brent Rakers - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Just two pretty -- 
Will D. Oberton: Good morning, Brent.
Brent Rakers - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Two quick questions. The first one, I think your insurance costs grew about 20% to 25% last year. First quarter, they were flat. Why don't you give us a sense for how that plays out over the course of the year? And then second question, what's your best estimate of the drag in the March month from -- or the benefit, rather, in the March month from Easter? Thanks.
Dan L. Florness: Lee, you want to touch on the March?
Lee J Hein: Yeah, on the March, when you look at it, some of it, Brent, is -- we have to be honest, was pent-up, I think, energy from January and February. Some of it's just the timing and some of it was just we had good weather. But you've got to look at it, and when we see our stores, and our large stores and what happened, we also got an indication sometime in February with five good days, that we knew something was starting to move in the business in a positive way. And we really saw it come to fruition in March and that's really what played out. It was a good month, stripping out weather, stripping out pent-up January and February. It was a good month for our people, and like Will said, great direction for the rest of the year. 
Will D. Oberton: I think one other part that gave us some confidence in February is that when we looked at our February results, the areas of the company that hadn't been hit -- south of the Mason-Dixon, basically, because the weather on the north hit us all the way from Seattle to Boston. It covered the country. But the south was pretty clean. And with only one exception, every region in the southern part of the United States hit their goal, and across the south, Fastenal exceeded their goal. So, we had confidence that our selling energy was working. And then March just brought -- proved that out when the weather cleared up, the regions in the north hit goal, so they came back. So, it was very clear on a map to see what was going on and that let us look. As far as Easter itself, we gain a couple million dollars by Good Friday being out of there. It always changes, depending on where it falls in the month. It's a really difficult thing to measure exactly. If Easter falls early, it's easy, and so it's trying to figure that out. 
Dan L. Florness: Your other question about insurance, if you look at our insurance numbers, and I assume you're pulling numbers out of the K, there's really two drivers of that, two components. One is health insurance, and that's the majority of our dollars. I don't have it in front of me, but I'd suspect its 75% to 80% of our dollars, and the rest is general insurance. I think if you look at 2013, the commentary on the delta from 2012 to 2013 is more of a statement about 2012 than it is about 2013, as far as what it means going into 2014. Obviously, we saw some -- our nation is seeing some, let's just say, turmoil, in the health insurance side of the arena. And we've seen sizable growth in there. Being a large employer, there's a lot of tax components that were added to our expense pool, added to our employees' costs over the last several years and 2013 got a full dose of that. I think the delta from 2013 to 2014 will be a little bit more muted, partly because it's maybe a little bit quieter, not a lot quieter, but a little bit, and partly because of the manner in which we're adding headcount right now, primarily through the part-time arena. As it relates to the other side of the insurance, the general, the only thing -- the biggest component for us on that over time is the workers' comp and the fact that we have 6,000 vehicles on the road. They are backing in to a lot of loading docks by a bunch of 20- to 30-year olds. And so, we get a lot of minor fender benders. And if we do a good job managing that over time, we can manage that expense quite well. The workers' comp, actually, some of our distribution automation over the last several years is actually improving that trend.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question. Our final question comes from the line of Kwame Webb from Morningstar.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks so much for taking my call today.
Will D. Oberton: Good morning.
Kwame Webb - Morningstar: I just wanted to retouch on the topic of vending. I know you guys kind of took the pedal off the metal there just because you felt like you weren't getting the assortment right. Where are you guys on sort of the timeline for figuring that out, making sure that you're getting the economics you want, as well as making sure the customer is getting the benefit they need? Do you feel like you've really cracked the code by now?
Will D. Oberton: I don't know if I would say we have cracked the code, but we have made tremendous improvement. We understand the mix. Our throughput through the machines continues to grow, and we believe we're going to see improved signings. But back to the 2012 numbers, it will roughly take us a long time, if ever, that we get back to those types of signings. When we talk about it internally, we say if we had 15,000 quality signings a year, that would give us tremendous growth through our business and we would take share at a rate that no one else is doing. So right now, without just having a specific goal, we're pretty comfortable where we were in the first quarter with our signings, because with a little improvement, we'll get to the 15,000 quality signings and then we'll grow from there. And we'll be able to manage it. It will not overwhelm the stores. They will be able to manage that and still go out and grow their other business, their construction, their MRO and all the other things they are doing. And the message that Lee is doing a great job putting out to the team is, it's about profitable growth. But to maintain that profitable growth, you probably need to add some new customers, you need to add some vending and you need to do some other -- use some other initiatives that we have. If the managers understand that and focus on that, I think we'll continue to hit goal and grow our business profitably. Vending will be a pretty big component of that. And we just continue to get better -- our packaging, our costs. I was looking at some product lines that are predominantly vending product lines in the reports, quarterly reports and there's just tremendous growth in so many of those. A lot of them are personal safety things, like gloves, dust masks, things like that, that fit so well into that system.
Operator: Thank you. And we have run out of time for questions. I would like to turn the conference back to Fastenal for any concluding comments.
Dan L. Florness: Thanks. Similar to prior quarters, again, we thank the folks attending this call, our employees, our shareholders and the analyst community for your continued interest in Fastenal. And our annual meeting is coming up here in week and a half. We invite those of you that are able to attend to attend. And in case you might have missed it, last night, we announced our second quarter dividend of $0.25. That will be payable during the quarter. With that, everybody have a good day and a good weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may now log off and disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Thomas L. Hayes - Thompson Research Group, LLC Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earning Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2013 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present is Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2014, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, thank you for joining us today. As all of you have seen, the fourth quarter 2013 was not a good quarter for Fastenal. Starting out with the sales. December was slow, but overall, we felt pretty good about the quarter from a sales standpoint. Both October and November were on track, and December is always a difficult month with the way the holidays falls. We kind of throw that out. So overall, we think we're moving in the right direction from a sales standpoint. The big disappointment in the quarter was obviously the margin. Going into the quarter, the trend was going in the wrong direction, but we thought we could change that. And as it turned out, the trend actually went further down. I've spent a lot of time in the last month looking at the margin, trying to understand and breaking it down the things caused by lower -- excuse me, lower volume, freight issues and things like that, will come back in the first quarter and we believe that, that'll get us somewhere in our 51% to 53% range. Dan will cover that better. I've also spent a lot of time looking at other things, other opportunities that we have: improving our freight program, looking at very low-margin business and other opportunities, buying product better. And we have a lot of momentum within the company in improving the margin right now because, as you probably know, this a big part of our pay program for all the people in the field, so there's a lot of energy there. They're less happy about it than you are. So I'm very confident that with the snap -- or the jump back of the mechanical parts of the margin and the energy that we have in, we should see nice improvement in the first quarter. One bright spot in the quarter was our expense control. We added hundreds of people in the stores, and we were still able to manage our expenses. Our SG&A expense is about where we thought they would be, actually a little lower than we had earlier thought they would be with the additional labor. So I want to give a shout out to the Fastenal team that's on. They really worked hard in controlling the expenses. As the sales come back, if we can continue to control our expenses, I think we'll be in a very good position. Another area that I am very positive on are the vending numbers. Although the signings dropped considerably, more than we thought they would, we really have been focusing on quality versus quantity. And when you look at the numbers, the customers that have -- that are using or deploying our vending systems now make up over 36% of our revenue. That group of customers in the third quarter grew at about, I believe, it was 15.2% or 15.3%. That jumped up to 18.7% growth in the quarter. So if you annualize that business, it's a greater than $1 billion business that's growing close to 20% in this environment. We're very, very positive on that, and we're going to continue to work hard at signing machines. We've lost a little momentum on that. So what I would look at for the 2014 calendar year, it'll be a little bit -- be the opposite of last year. We'll probably start slow and end strong because there's a lot of momentum, a lot of people are working on trying to move the machines and pick up that pace. Looking at a similar year to 2014 is what we're predicting -- or, excuse me, 2013. 'Pathway to profit.' Again, the progress was slow, but that's a simple story. Without sales and margin, you can't grow your pretax earnings as a percentage of sales. But Dan, Lee and I have spent some time talking about that and we're all very confident that our goals are correct and that they're very achievable goals. So just looking at the quarter, or more importantly, looking forward, what is the direction? I'm feeling good about this quarter and the rest of 2014. The biggest reason for that is we have our people in place. We've added about 900 people in the stores, we've added another 100 people outside the stores in selling capacities, National Accounts sales specialists. We've done a nice job of putting our leadership people in place. We've added 3 regional vice presidents. We've added more than 50 district managers. Those people are now in place and they're working hard and we're seeing good results from that. Another positive is I believe, and even if the economy doesn't come roaring back, it does feel like the environment is getting better. And I know Dan has some numbers he's going to cover on that. So we have the people in place. We have the leadership. We have a lot of motivated people because it hasn't been a good quarter financially for the team, not just the high-level team, but all the way down to the district managers. There are a lot of people that are working very hard to drive the business in the right direction. With that, I'll turn it over to Dan and then take questions later. Thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining our call today. Before I start with some of the comments, I thought I'd start out -- I think what's best is to get something on the table. First off, want to apologize for the quarter, and probably as importantly, apologize for the need to put out an early announcement and not being 100% accurate on that early announcement. We are optimists. That's never going to change. We expect much of our organization and of ourselves and that, as well, is never going to change. The story is really about one of gross margin. That was what prompted us to put out the early announcement. It afforded us the opportunity to talk frankly and openly and aggressively internally to fix some things that were going in the wrong direction. We're always conscious of the fact that we're -- being a public company with a meaningful multiple, we are careful what we say and what we don't say, internally and externally, because things can get out and we wanted to be upfront with everybody on that. Gross margin dropped 109 basis points, as Will touched on. Utilization was a piece of that, as well as vendor allowances. Those pieces are mechanical. Those pieces will correct themselves and that's what I believe pushes us back into that 51% to 53% range. But the time that we had in the last several weeks of December, the first several weeks of this month, have afforded us the opportunity to go aggressively internally. There are some things that stand out, and I think this speaks to our ability to fix some of the issues. All things are not created equal. Margin didn't deteriorate equally in all stores. Like anything else, there's a subset. Our folks have tools to use for how to price products. Some use them very well and some need work on it. Some need more involvement from the district manager. We've been expanding our district manager pool as we've gone through the year, which I believe gives us the oversight to be able to fix some of these pieces quicker. And I believe we can improve our gross margin as we go into Q1, outside of the mechanical things that are there. End market mix continues to be a struggle point for us, as you can see, is the fastener, as a percentage of our business, continues to whittle down. I thought I'd share some numbers here, and I'm always a little cautious to share these numbers because I don't want a dizzying commentary coming out but -- so it might make sense for the analysts on the call to grab a pen and paper right now and jot down a few notes. We've talked in the past about manufacturing and how big a piece of our business manufacturing is. It's about half our business. The other half is about -- half of the remaining half, so about 25% of our business, is construction-centered and the other 1/4 of our business is a whole bunch of things that add up to that number. But when I -- because we're a fastener company, a lot of our manufacturing is in the NAICS category that's known as heavy manufacturing. And the way our data is laid out, the way the NAICS information is laid out, NAICS is North American Industry Classification System, I believe, there's a heavy manufacturing group, there's a medium manufacturing group and there's a light manufacturing group. We don't do -- as a percentage of our sales, the light manufacturing is relatively small. And a lot of that comes from the fact that starting out as a fastener company, a lot of our business, because we weren't more of an MRO supplier, lends itself to people that use a lot of metal. Medium manufacturing, the light and medium, combined, is about 10% of our business. The heavy manufacturing group is about 40% of our overall company business, so it's about 80% of our manufacturing business. And again, I looked at it and that makes sense to me because, again, a high percentage of our business is fasteners and you have a lot of OEM fasteners being used in that business. If I look at our manufacturing business in total. Over the course of this year, that business grew about 7% in the first quarter. It grew about 6% in the second quarter. It grew about 5% in the third. In the numbers we just reported this morning, it grew 7.2% in the fourth quarter. So it did see an uptick. If I look at the -- and clearly, for that to have an uptick, it has to be driven by some things that are going on in the heavy manufacturing subset. The heavy manufacturing subset grew about 7% in the first quarter, grew about 5% in the second quarter, so it was weighing down that 6% overall manufacturing number. It grew about 3% in the third quarter, so it was weighing down even more the overall manufacturing group. In the fourth quarter, that group grew, depending on the month, between 6% and 7%, so we did see a marked change in the growth pattern and that's what drove our overall manufacturing to be up just over 7% for the quarter. Some of that is comp because last year -- later in the year, that piece of business was slowing down. So I thought I'd -- just to confuse the discussion, I thought I'd take a look at it from one more perspective and that is what happened from Q3 to Q4? What's going on? Is there anything going on in the trends of that business? Last year, that business dropped, consistent with the company, from Q3 to Q4, of about 5.5%. And that drop off to our business from Q3 to Q4 is not a new phenomenon because 2 things happen in the fourth quarter that impact our business: one is you have a lot of holidays going on that provide for periods where you have shutdowns in plants and facilities, whether that be over Thanksgiving weekend or around the Christmas, New Year time -- holiday period. And that could be influenced in the Christmas, New Year time frame by timing within the week. Heavy manufacturing in the company this year -- well, the company was down 5.2%, I believe, from Q3 to Q4. The heavy manufacturing was only down 4%, and so there was a change in the trend of our -- of the biggest piece of our manufacturing from Q3 to Q4. On the flip side of that coin, we did see our construction business fall off more than normal from Q3 to Q4. And I believe that has more to do with the timing of the holidays in December than it does with anything else. And so I do believe we've seen a change in our heavy manufacturing from Q3 to Q4. We'll see how that plays out. It's no secret, on earlier calls, I've expressed skepticism to the ISM and I still do, but I do believe there are some improvements in the patterns and we'll see how that plays out as we go into 2014. As it relates to -- again, historically, we've shied away from any kind of commentary on the current month and the real reason being whenever we do it, we're wrong. Whenever we do it, we're wrong. And so I'm not going to explicitly go into, here's what I think we're going to do for growth in the first quarter -- well, excuse me, in the month of January. We published within the confines of our releases what we think are normal sequential patterns, and we hold to those normal sequential patterns. We think they have meaning. Clearly, the weight -- the impact of our heavy manufacturing and the subset of that, that is heavy equipment manufacturing, weighed heavily on our numbers in 2013. But I asked our technology folks to take a look at how we -- when we communicate with our stores, in any given day, we have 2,700 points of contact out there that we're talking to electronically every day and we're gathering information from. And in any given day -- business day, in any given business month, you have some stores that for whatever reason either don't connect for one -- on a particular day or they have -- they connect but their sales are incredibly low and so there appears to be something impacting that business that day. And so we looked at it not from trying to quantify dollars, not from trying to gauge dollars, but just saying based on our 2,700 points of contact and the number of stores in that group that have some type of impact that we see just in the transmission information, either the connected or a minimum level of sales, what we saw in the first -- and this is through Friday of last week in January, we saw about a 16% impairment in the level of activity. So we are getting off to a slower start in January. With that said, the last 3 days have -- we have been seeing much stronger sales patterns. Some of that is normalcy coming back in our business. Some of that is, last week, Indianapolis, our distribution center in Indianapolis was shut down for several days. The trucking network was shut down due to very, very severe weather in the state of Indiana. Certain counties, it's my understanding the state of Indiana had a state of emergency and so that did impact our business. So we've had 3 very strong days. Part of that is product getting through our -- Indianapolis is kind of our center point, if you will, of trucks transferring between different geographic areas of the country. Those trucks are getting through, and those sales that had been slid off early part of the week are coming through in the last 3 days and we're seeing strong patterns. So we are internally optimistic on our ability to have a strong January. We did get off to a slow start because of the weather. That is all the commentary I have. I think the earnings release is self-explanatory in its detail. At this point, we would open up for call -- for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First, Dan, if you can just clarify the comment, the 16% impairment, I'm just not sure what that means or how to read that. Are you implying that, that's related to sales trends?
Daniel L. Florness: No, not at all. There's no weighting in that number, Dave. So we have 2,700 point-of-sale locations out there. And those locations, you have a store here that's doing $700,000 a month, a store over here that's doing $30,000 a month. There is no weighting to that number. What it's really doing and it's saying, looking across that -- the one thing I always want to be -- we want to be careful of is that we don't skew our commentary based on who we've talked to or who speaks the loudest. So if -- we live in Minnesota here. We're on the border with Wisconsin. If we're talking to some district managers in Wisconsin and Minnesota because southern half of Wisconsin is belted with snow, that isn't necessarily indicative of our business nationwide or across the continent or around the planet. So merely try to look at it from the standpoint of looking at those points of contact. And if you expect X number to be with a substandard level of sales in any given day, is there a difference between what we've seen in the last -- actually, the last 3 years? And through last Friday, we saw about a 16% increase in the number of locations that had a weird day, either they didn't hook -- set up for communicating at all or they set up for communicating but they did $12 in sales. That tells me there's -- maybe there's a store manager that's logging in from home and doing some work or that they've made it into the office, but the store is essentially closed or their customers are essentially closed and they're just -- they did some minimal activity that day. And merely trying to gauge the impact across 2,700 locations, the subset -- and the subset is quite small. So it doesn't take a lot to move it 5 points or 10 points. It's saying -- so there is an impact from weather, but that's not -- don't read that as a direct correlation to sales.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. Okay, I just wanted clarification on that. And I guess the other thing that people are wrestling with today is that you pre-released on the 20th and then you effectively missed that guidance by $0.01 to $0.02 over the next 2 weeks. And I think to some extent, you addressed it. It doesn't seem like it's a sales issue. It seems like it's more a GP issue. Could you talk about or quantify the impact from lower rebates in the fourth quarter? I mean, was there a reversal of previously accrued rebates, and if so, how much? Could you just talk about that impact? And was that the condition that led to the shortfall relative to the December 20 announcement?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, the quantification is we dropped about 109 basis points from Q2 to Q3 -- Q3 to Q4, excuse me. About 30% of that number related to either vendor allowances, rebates, or to volume incentives. And that was split pretty evenly between the 2. It isn't a case of you're reversing than you've booked in the past. It's a case of you just -- you didn't earn as much as you thought and what you're booking for the quarter is less. Most of those programs are calendar year basis. And those numbers really didn't change. When you release on the 20th -- we indicated we thought we'd have earnings per share growth over the $0.33 from last year. I honestly thought we'd do $0.34. And the gross margin was slightly worse than I expected, but not meaningfully. The sales were -- it's a number of factors. The sales were a little bit weaker than I expected. But again, whenever we predict it midmonth through, you're going to be wrong. It's just a degree of -- it's an issue of degree and an issue of direction. And the sales came in slightly weaker than I expected. The gross margin was slightly weaker than I expected. The operating expenses were about where I expected. And we came in at $0.33 -- a very strong $0.33. We're on the north side of $0.33, but it didn't come up to $0.34. And I guess that's the answer.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions here. I wanted to piggyback Dave's last question there. Dan, it looks like you had -- of the sequential gross margin decline, Q3 to Q4, 70 basis points or so was mix and pricing. And I guess, the inference that you're assuming a 51% to 53% gross margin for the year, for 2014, suggests that, that is going to alleviate. Now a little bit of the pricing you talked about, but I'm concerned about why mix would not be even a greater headwind in '14 than it might be in '13 because of the re-acceleration of vending and some other factors. Could you help as to why the headwinds from mix might dissipate going forward?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, to me -- I don't necessarily think the headwinds from mix are going to dissipate. I think the component that relates to our execution to our -- just our day-to-day pricing, we talked about why we released the -- put the announcement out early. We've had some pretty frank discussions internally at the region and district level about gross margin and some habits and some habits we were seeing in stores, in a subset group of stores. What prompts me to not believe the mix is going to get worse -- because one of our issues during 2013 is our mix has been deteriorating throughout the year. One of the reasons for making the -- sharing the commentary about the subset for our business because giving you a lot more information than we normally give about how much is heavy manufacturing. There's a big subset of that, that is heavy equipment that we've talked a bit about on prior calls. What we're seeing in that business for the first time that I could say in the last 4 quarters -- 5 quarters, is stabilization in that business with some improvement because the -- if you take that 40% that's heavy manufacturing, about half of that is heavy equipment and the other half is everything else. It's a variety of end markets. The heavy equipment has stabilized, which means if the overall pool has improved, the non-heavy equipment piece is expand -- is growing closer to 10% in the quarter. And that's got a lot of fasteners in it and that isn't necessarily as much production fasteners. So there's some mix things there that, I believe, will help us, and at the worst, won't hurt us as we go forward, because that's what we've been fighting all year, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The 51% to 53% comment, I guess one can infer that the midpoint of the bell curve would be 52%. Is that realistic to assume for '14? Or is it just -- if you are in the low part of that, you're still within the range and therefore still okay? I mean, how should we look at that range realistically?
Daniel L. Florness: We continue to look at that range over not a quarter-to-quarter basis, but year-to-year basis. Clearly, coming into the year below the range with mechanical changes in Q1 to get us to the bottom of the range does not imply a 52%. We're going to be looking back into it. We believe some of the things we can do to get us north of just being on that razor's edge of 51% it can move us north of that. But the mechanics right now of our business, whether it be utilization or how the vendor allowances work, we believe gets us to the low end of that range and where we move beyond that is a function of execution and mix.
Willard D. Oberton: And Sam, the long-term margin story of Fastenal has always been about our execution and that's why no one's really ever understood it, how has Fastenal operated at such a higher point than everyone else? And we did not execute well in the second half of 2013 and we're very focused on correcting that in the first half of 2014. So we have to prove that we understand that, and mix and economy and everything plays in. But the biggest thing that plays in is our people doing disciplined pricing.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: If I can sneak one more in, if at all possible, you had a lot of moving parts around labor and occupancy in '13. How would you project those expense lines to grow in '14, at least directionally, if you could help us with that?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, we haven't opened a lot of stores, so occupancy will probably grow in the mid- to upper-single digits. Utilities are higher. It's been, as you know, it's been cold out and so utilities...
Daniel L. Florness: And the vending machines.
Willard D. Oberton: And the vending machines. So we have 2 things driving that. So we have 5% to 8%, I would say. Occupancy, we're adding 15% more hours.
Daniel L. Florness: Labor.
Willard D. Oberton: Labor -- excuse me, labor. Sorry. Labor will grow this year, but we've done a nice job of adding part-time labor. We're controlling our support labor well. We do not expect labor to outgrow sales, so the overall labor number for the year should not outgrow sales and we should have earnings leverage as we go into the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Just to start with that clarification on your commentary about the heavy manufacturing customers, because if I remember correctly in the prerelease, we were talking about that subset of customers seeing weakness intensifying. And now it sounds like you're saying that stabilized and actually getting better. What exactly is the message there?
Daniel L. Florness: The message in the prerelease, and I wish when they name these categories, they'd have names that were distinctly different, you have heavy manufacturing and a subset of that is heavy equipment. The prerelease was talking about heavy equipment through -- if we looked at what we were trending, that business was -- that business grew about 1.5% in the fourth quarter. And that's about half of our heavy manufacturing. And to give you a frame of how that worked, that was growing north of 7% -- that was growing upper-single digits at the start of the year. It was growing -- by second quarter, it was growing mid-single digits. In Q3, it had dropped below 2% growth. And in Q4, it was there -- it was slightly below it, but it was essentially the same. That's really the piece that continues -- that continued to hurt us. And that's about half of -- that's about 20% of our business. So it's about -- of that 40% that is heavy manufacturing, half of that is heavy equipment. That's the piece that we've been talking more about over the course of the year, because that's the folks that makes the big wheeled -- the things that are going into mining, into construction, into agriculture, into defense, big, big pieces of equipment that we've been talking about in prior quarters, as opposed to expanding that to look at just heavy manufacturing in general.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it. And then flipping over to the gross margin, I guess. We put the price guidance system into place earlier this year and there seemed to be some traction on getting pricing and then the back half of the year things started to fall apart. And I guess I'm just wondering conceptually if the system's telling your guys that they should be selling at lower prices, or the transaction gross margins are different than what the goals are, I guess can you just walk us through how well that's being put into place? Or people just ignoring what the computers are saying?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, first off, the system isn't telling us to sell at a lower price. If you look at the measurements of the system, it shows clear deterioration in the last 5 months of the year. I think there's -- and this is a little philosophical point of view and take that for what it's worth when it comes from an accountant. I think July created a sense of urgency in our organization because our sales growth -- we had a really tough July. Part of that was amplified by the placement of July 4th and you can rationalize all you want, but bottom line is we had a tough July. And really, we're pushing hard on grow our business, grow our business, grow our business. And I think the pendulum swung a little bit to the point of it's more important to grow than it is to have managed -- than it is to focus on your margin. And life's about both. Our secret is you grow, but you grow profitably. And I believe we lost some energy on that. We made some changes in our leadership. We expanded our leadership pool in the second half of the year. We added about 27% more district managers. We contracted the average size of the district. We added several, I think, it was 3 regionals in the second half of the year, really to provide more leadership on a store-by-store basis. And part of that was focused on things that we had seen with our -- we had done some stuff early in the year for performance improvement. And so you have a lot of moving pieces. You have some store managers that are stepping into district roles. You have some district managers that are new in the role. You have some -- so you have some stores -- change creates a little chaos. And I think a combination of pushing really hard to grow, pulling back a little bit on the push as it relates to freight and our price guidance system, I think those 3 things coming together, plus some change in leadership internally, caused collectively our organization to take our eye off the ball a little bit on gross margin. We thought coming into the fourth quarter, we had stabilized what was deteriorating as we went through the third quarter. We didn't get there. We saw the weakness and that's what prompted a pre-announcement. But it isn't the price guidance system that's telling us to sell at price A and we're selling at that and it's lowering our margin. That's not the case at all.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Holden Lewis from BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just wanted -- you're talking a lot about sort of hopefully getting the macro and the heavy equipment starting to move better and the impact that could have on the model. And I guess I'm sort of curious about maybe a little more color on the progress of your internal efforts in the sense that, well, I think the idea here has been to continue to drive vending while adding heads to sort shore up the sales infrastructure and maybe get fasteners going. And all that's sort of initiative-driven. This quarter, we saw, I think, the vending contracted, like the lowest level in 9 quarters. Obviously, heads are way up above revenues. And fasteners grew a little bit better, but against a much easier comp. I didn't think it looked that impressive. So I mean, all of those, I guess, initiatives didn't seem to have much bearing in Q4, not sure we expected it to. But I still wanted to get your feel about how you feel you're executing on those initiatives and how you expect that to proceed as we go through the upcoming year?
Willard D. Oberton: You mean the fastener initiative, Holden?
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Well, yes, I mean, are we getting vending contracts up again, getting the heads to start producing, getting the vendor -- getting the fastener growth going again? All just sort of the internal stuff there.
Willard D. Oberton: On the fastener side, I think we're making good progress. We're doing a lot of things just working with the stores and working very hard on picking up OEM fastener accounts. And I think we're making progress there. On the vending, as I said earlier in the call, we are -- the contract number was lower, but we had talked about it in both the second and third quarter that we are less focused on that and far more focused on the quantity -- or the quality, and going back to the machines we already have, and driving more revenue. And if you look at the numbers, I think we did a very nice job there driving that growth up to almost 19% and expanding it as a percentage of the overall business. So the vending is working well and we're going to continue to focus on that as heavily as the signings. But as that goes up, I think it's going to motivate the team to sign even more because it's great business for the stores. So in 2014, we should have a good both signing and install year with vending. And there's was a third one you mentioned, oh, the headcount. We're making nice progress. But if you look at the heads, most of them or the vast majority were added after September in the fourth quarter. And our information shows us that they'll start producing revenue, helping the individual stores, in 90 to 120 days and we're going to be in that zone starting in February. So we should see some improvement in January and then continue to improve throughout the year. Our goal is real simple: we need to get into the double-digit growth as soon as possible and then move up from there. And we believe we're making the right investments to get that done.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just following up on the last question, I guess. Based on some of the trends you talked about today with heavy manufacturing getting a bit better and then all the sales energy you've added, it doesn't sound like anything's changed about your confidence in double-digit growth in 2014. Is that a fair statement?
Willard D. Oberton: Absolutely.
Daniel L. Florness: Absolutely.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And so what do we need to assume about the macro or any of those specific end markets or anything about the initiatives in order to hit that target?
Willard D. Oberton: We need economic growth across-the-board. I mean, if the U.S. economy, and it's mainly the U.S. economy, but Canada also, Canada is struggling right now and the economy isn't very good. But 80% -- or 90% of our business is in United States. If the United States economy grows in the 2% to 3% and we don't grow in the teens, then it's about Fastenal, it's not about anything else. If the U.S. economy slows down a little bit, and we're getting 1% GDP, then it's going to be harder to break out of it. But we're not predicting the 1%. We think that it will be a sluggish but a decent economy right now is what our view is. And with that, we plan to break out of it -- break out of the single digits and continue to improve our growth throughout the year. We're very, very focused on hitting our goals and Lee and his team have done a very good job of working on good growth goals or sales goals and communicating that very well. And I've been on the phone for 1.5 weeks with regionals and DMs and everybody understands what the mission is. There's no murkiness in what we're trying to do: hit goal and do it profitably.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then is there anything to glean from December in terms of how sales tracked the first 2 weeks versus how they tracked the last 2 weeks? Was there a meaningful difference?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, there is, but there's always a meaningful difference in the last 10 days of December versus the first half of December just because of the holidays. The question is, was it worse than normal? I thought for the quarter and for the -- I thought for the month of December when we put out our release, we'd be closer to 8% than 6.7%. And so that was a piece of the delta. Is that a function of sales fell off? Or is it a function of our ability to predict the sales through the month? It's probably a little bit of each. But there's no question that this year, the impact of the holidays was worse than the past several years. Past several years, Christmas and New Year's have hugged the weekend, so either they've been on the weekend or they've touched the weekend. This year, it was in the middle of the week. And in some regard, some of that weakness might have been folks moving on to January. I'm not making excuse for that, but if I'm in a store, if I'm in a district and my December is -- I'm moving on for the next year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. It just seemed that -- the month is pretty good at, I think, 6.7% and it just seems that based on what we've heard from everyone else, the last 2 weeks were really, really rough. So it kind of felt to me like you might have been running at that kind of 9%, 8% rate that first 2 weeks of December, which maybe could bode well for next year, but doesn't sound like you're really willing to go there.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I mean, we thought we'd be at 8%.
Willard D. Oberton: This is for everyone on the call. We're disappointed that we put out not the best information a few weeks ago, so we're not going to go anywhere. We have to put the numbers up. I mean, as far as predicting where it's going to go with sales and margin, it's up to us to produce the numbers going forward. And so we don't want to -- we don't want to lay anything out that's going to mislead anybody. We're working very, very hard to grow the business profitably. And I think we can do that, but we'll see a little bit at the end of January, February and then really the drill story is what happens, what we put out in April.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tom Hayes from Thompson Research.
Thomas L. Hayes - Thompson Research Group, LLC: I was just wondering back to the headcount issue, have we gone through the bulk of the expansion of the headcount that we had been talking about for the back half of this year? Or should we expect more additions at this rate going into the first quarter?
Willard D. Oberton: We won't be adding at this rate, but our long-term goal is to try and add 15% more hours into our stores on an ongoing basis because all of the -- looking at history, it shows that if we want to grow our business in the high teens or the low 20s, we need to add our headcount or we need to add energy into the store at that rate. We'll get about 5 points from inflation and from just productivity gains. And so if we don't add any people, probably 5% growth is what we could expect over a long period of time. If we had 15% more hours, we should be able to grow the business in that high teens to low 20s. But understand, 15% more hours does not translate into dollars because we're adding part-time people, which come in at a much lower rate. And so that's why I say we can -- we should be able to grow our business faster than we grow our headcount. But even though we had a bad quarter, we're not going to pull back on the throttle and get real -- freak out on that, because if we do that, we'll go back to where we were with not enough people to grow our business. We have to have a steady hand, work very hard at controlling the labor, but also getting the growth in the labor hours and managing the rest of the expenses so we get earnings leverage as our growth picks up. And although we haven't done a good job this quarter growing our earnings, over a long period of time, we have proven that if we grow our business, we can make money and show leverage.
Thomas L. Hayes - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay. And Dan, just one follow-up, just your thoughts on CapEx levels for 2014?
Daniel L. Florness: CapEx, it'll be in our annual report we put out here in a few weeks. But we're looking in that $180 million to $190 million neighborhood. Hopefully, it's on the lower end of that range. We had a lot of dollars in 2013, a good chunk of that's from all the automation we're doing and we'll see some tapering off on that.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. Our last question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just a question on whether you folks are actively looking to change some of your mix of business, specifically maybe getting larger on some of the MRO side of the business. I realize you have a lot going on execution-wise internally, on gross margin, currently. But maybe talk about how you're looking at changing mix of business longer term?
Willard D. Oberton: Really, the way that we handle that is here in Winona at the leadership role, we're not determining that. We try and set our store managers up to be the local experts and the district managers support them, and their goal is to grow their business profitably. So whether they sell it through OEM fasteners, MRO, construction, whatever they're strong in, if they are able to go out and hit their sales goals and do it profitably, we really aren't concerned whether it's construction, equipment or MRO. We do things in the background, things like vending and fastener initiatives to try and make it easier for them.
Daniel L. Florness: [indiscernible] to help them grow.
Willard D. Oberton: Exactly. But I mean, we're not trying to run it from a central position. We're trying to -- we really believe -- when I talk about market intelligence, I call -- I described that as intelligent people in the market and that's what Fastenal has. We have a lot of bright people out there working hard and we don't want to tell them how to do it for the most part. We want to tell them what's expected and then support them to get there.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And just a last follow-up. You spoke about gross margins a lot. Are there new tools and processes you need to put in place to get to the improvement we're talking about on gross margins? Or are existing processes and tools sort of enough to get there?
Willard D. Oberton: We have the tools in place to get there. We just have to make sure that the people are using the tools that we've given them.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, again, everybody, for participating in our call today, and we're moving on to 2014. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fastenal Company Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present for today's call is Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2013, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material -- materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for our third quarter 2013 conference call. Thinking about the quarter, overall, I would consider that we -- or I believe that we had a good quarter considering the environmental -- excuse me, the challenging environment that we're into. I need to get warmed up here. Starting out with sales growth. Sales growth came in about where we thought it would be for the quarter. On a sequential basis, we showed improvement over our historical numbers in 2 out of 3 months. July was a tough month but we came back nicely in August, had a good growth month in September. And 3 out of the last 4 months, we actually had -- we're over the sequential pattern that we look at the historical pattern. So we're moving ahead nicely although there are still low growth numbers in the high single-digit -- mid- to high-single digits. On the margin, we had 51.7%. We were very disappointed with the margin. But saying that, I do believe the team is doing a very good job and they're working very hard on the margin. There are several factors that weighed in to this quarter's margin and are weighing into the year that I'd like to talk about. The first, in no particular order here, our slow growth in fasteners. Fasteners has been a difficult market this year. We've seen basically no inflation in the product, and we've had very slow growth in the product line. And it's historically -- or it is the highest margin product that we sell. We had growth of 1% in the quarter. So that's hurting, so it's a mix issue. On the other side of that, our non-fastener products grew about 12% roughly, and they're traditionally lower-margin product so there's a mix issue going on there. Another mix issue that we're facing right now is customer growth. We're getting better-than-average growth or better growth out of our large customers and slower growth out of our small customers. And the larger customers, again, are the lower-margin customers; smaller customers, producing the higher margins. So we have that going on. Another thing that we're seeing in the market right now, and I've actually spent a lot of my time traveling over the last 2 months, I spent quite a bit of time traveling to customers, visiting with customers on many issues, and our customers are becoming more creative everyday in pushing for lower prices and better deals. And if you look at the first and second quarter reports of the industrial companies, many of them are hitting their numbers but they're not doing on the top line. They're doing it by squeezing on the bottom line. My guess is that's going to come true again this quarter, and when that happens, company like ourselves, like Fastenal and our competitors, are the ones that are helping support those lower operating costs. So the customers are pushing us very hard, and many of our competitors are responding to that just as Fastenal is. So if you look at the margin on a macro view, our fastener growth is not doing well. Our non-fasteners or lower-margin products are growing faster. The large customers, up; small customers, not growing as well. And then the pressure, just the competitive pressure's out there. Putting that all into perspective, I think 51.7% is probably, yet disappointing from where we thought we would be, a very good effort by our Fastenal team. On the expense control side, I think Lee, Dan and the team or their teams are doing a very good job. They seem to have a great handle on what we can afford to spend, where to put the money, and they're making the right investments in managing our expenses very well, not just this quarter but over a longer period of time. I'm very happy with what they're doing there. Another area I want to talk about is vending. But before I go on to the vending performance for the quarter, I just want to clarify a point that I made last quarter. And I know it was misunderstood by some because I've had several questions on it. I do not feel that we have overinvested in vending. I believe that we under-invested in supporting vending because several people, when I talked last quarter and said that we were pulling back the pressure a little bit, they took that to believe that we are overinvesting, and that's not true. If we had the people in place in the stores, we would be pushing harder than ever on vending, and we still believe it is a fantastic way to deliver product to our customers. It's a more efficient vehicle -- system to deliver product and provide a high level of service. So our goal is when we have better staffing in the stores, and I'll talk more about that in a minute, we plan to introduce new incentives, basically, in the early part of 2014 to the vending program with a goal of ramping up the signings in 2014. So it's really about get the people in place and then put the hammer back or put a little more selling power back into the vending program. And if you look at the numbers, you'll see that we still have good growth in the vending customers, just over 15%. Not as good as we are doing, but compared to almost any other measure that you see for industrial customer growth with us or any of our customers, it's about the best number out there. So we're very happy with the program. Although the signings were down from where we want them to be, we believe we're moving in the right direction. And one comment on the signing, just a side note, it wasn't -- it has dropped, as you saw, but that is a very natural number. It's a number that's coming without putting a lot of pressure on our field. That's a number that's just happening because it's a great system, not pushing it very hard. On a positive note, we have made very good progress on adding additional support into our stores. On a quarter-over-quarter -- or quarter-to-quarter basis sequential, we've added 4.6% more FTE, which puts us on track. Our long-term goal was to be at 15%-plus or around the 15% number. So on an annualized basis, we're slightly ahead of that but we do have some ground to make up. So we are making good progress. Reports from the field is that it's hard to find the right people. But if you work hard at it, they are out there and there are a lot of good people looking for great opportunities. So as a company, we are very focused on growth. That's what we're talking a lot about. And I believe that we are taking the right steps to make this happen over the next several quarters. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan to give you some more color on other areas of the company. Thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. And I also want to thank you for joining in on Fastenal's earnings call today. Just want to touch on a few items. The store headcount, we go through quite a bit of discussion of stats, probably sometimes you might argue too many, but on Page 11 of our release goes through stats of headcount in various pieces of the business. And some things that I think are worth noting, as Will touched on, we added just over 400 people to the store -- FTE to the store in the fourth quarter, 4.6%. One thing that probably isn't as well-known is in addition to supporting our store, because really what we're doing is -- our goal here is we want to support every store, every vending machine, every key account, and grow our business. And in addition to the headcount we're putting into the store, we're adding resources behind the store to support the sales and leadership -- the sales leadership of the store. And that is we went from having just over 220 district managers throughout our organization, and we added 50 during the quarter. And so those are folks that are stepping in to expanded roles, reducing the number of stores per district manager to put more selling energy, more attention on each and every store every day, every week of every month. In addition, we expanded our regional VP pool by 3, went from 18 to 21 during the quarter. So we put in a lot of selling energy to support our store, again, it's all about supporting every store, every vending machine, every key account, every day, week and month. There is -- reading through the analyst reports that have come out during the course of the month, I think this is generally well understood, but I thought I'd just touch on a few aspects of the quarter from the standpoint of calendar. July, as Will touched on, weaker daily sales growth number. One thing to always point out, extra business day in the month. And with July 4 being on a Thursday versus -- with that 1 orphan day, that really negatively impacted that month. Rest of the month played out very much as expected, so seeing some good trends. Also we had in our sequential pattern 2 consecutive beats. August and September, we beat the historical pattern. We haven't had 2 consecutive beats since the spring of 2011, so if you're looking for some positives, that's the biggest positive in our release, is that there's some positive trends going on. The ISM index, I'll be honest with you, it makes me scratch my head. It's been positive -- it's been plus 50 for 4 months, starting in June. It's been in mid-50s for the last 3 months. The ISM historically was a pretty good indicator of our business as far as trends. It tended to lead the industrial distributors in general by about 3 or 4 months. Since spring of 2012, that relationship, in my opinion, has been broken. Given what we're seeing with the strong ISM right now, I hope that old trend returns, and it is positive from what we see going into the tail end of this year and into the early part of next year but hope is in the strategy. Our strategy is putting energy into the store to grow our business and it's about growing our top line. FAST Solutions, I would echo Will's comments. Without the pressure on every day, we saw a natural number emerge and the energy in reinforcing that as we go into 2014 will be strong. One other thing that occurred during the quarter, and there is -- I know there are some knowledge of this out there just from the standpoint of discussions on previous calls, our THUB facility turned on, on July 22, started picking product for our first store. Currently, we have 15 districts that are live on the system, and we are rapidly rolling it out. And the concept of THUB is a centralized facility located in the Indianapolis, adjacent to our Indianapolis facility. And it is picking products for our vending machines. So it's a highly automated, highly efficient picking area, where we are picking and containerizing a shipment to the machine level that goes out to the store. This will free up a tremendous amount of time at the store and probably it's more important than our FTE growth right now as far as the energy it's creating at the store, when you look at the next 12 months. I don't want to discount our FTE growth because that's a huge plus, but this really doubles down on that, and since we're adding available selling energy into every store. And this will be rolling out over the next 6 to 9 months and a lot of that in the first part of that timeframe. Profit drivers, 22% pretax in the quarter. I think very good performance given the fact that earlier in the year we had the added impact of gross margin expansion. We really didn't have that, so we really had to rely on what's our gross profit dollars, what are they are growing. Our gross profit dollars grew about 7% in the quarter. They grew about 6.6% in the second quarter. And so very proud of the fact that we produced a 22% pretax in the quarter. Gross margin, as Will touched on, I don't want to beat a dead horse, it's a tough market out there. A very competitive landscape. Product mix continues to challenge us. Within the product mix though, we continue to eke out month by month, day by day, additional progress in our private label products. We refer to them as exclusive brands. And vending is a big piece driving that. And that's a piece, that's a wave that's coming through, again, vending is a big driver of that. Operational working capital, as you saw in the second quarter, we continued to generate good cash flow. Year-to-date, for every earnings dollars we have generated, after paying for working capital needs, we have $0.90 left over. After paying for capital expenditures, which are significant this year and next year as we've discussed in the past because of our vending initiative, because of our distribution automation initiative, after paying for all that, we still had 50% of earnings year-to-date left over in free cash flow, very powerful reflection of the pathway to profit and where that positions our business for investing into the future. Most of you probably saw last night, we announced our fourth quarter dividend consistent with our third quarter dividend, $0.25. And the takeaway message I have is grow the business, grow profitably, step back and look at your return on assets. Will touched on earlier the fact that one of the gross margin challenges is the mix. One thing we always have to take a step back, and Bob Kierlin reminds us this every time he talks to us, it's about your operating margin and your return on assets. Sometimes the optics are the gross margin is struggling a little bit because of the product mix, but if we're managing the expenses below that and we're generating good operating margins and a good return -- or I should say a great operating margin and a great return, that's going to make you successful long term. With that, I'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So on the last call, you talked about average daily sales growth potentially improving back to a double-digit pace at some point during the next few quarters, and this was primarily based on adding sales FTEs, which it sounds like you're on track for that. But then if I also start to look at the -- if you have the normal sequential math, which you had the last 2 months, this also implies that average daily sales could start to pick up from here. So I guess I'm wondering is there anything you see out there today that would change this outlook.
Daniel L. Florness: No.
Willard D. Oberton: No.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Care to elaborate anymore or...
Willard D. Oberton: The market doesn't seem to be changing a lot, Ryan. I mean, it's a soft industrial market. We don't believe it's getting any worse. We don't see signs that it's improving, but our attitude internally is we have to deal with the environment out there and go take share, and we're adding the people. Our comps in October are softer than September. So we have good opportunity to improve our growth nicely in October and going out through the rest of the year setting ourselves up for a stronger first quarter.
Daniel L. Florness: The only thing I'd echo in on that is if you think of trends going forward, we're adding selling energy, we're adding vending quality to the organization. And I don't know if this third one will be -- will prove indicative or not, but the ISM is improving.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. Okay. And then on gross margin, I understand the mix headwind but I guess I'm wondering if you believe further sales re-acceleration might come at the expense of gross margin unless the macro improves. What's kind of the outlook there?
Willard D. Oberton: No, we don't think that our gross margin is -- results are a reflection of our hard push on sell -- or on sales. I really believe it's the normal environment that we're in. We were probably overly optimistic going in. So we're still confident or comfortable with our 51% to 53% range, and believe that's what we have to work or that's -- we have to try and stay in that range. We see nothing that would push us out of that. And if sales really took off, could it affect our margin, yes, but we'd be happy with that problem. I mean, if we had unusually great sequential growth. We're not pushing so hard to reduce it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari from Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question is just on the production side of your business, you guys highlighted mix as a negative but also some competitive pressures. I'm just curious if you're seeing any impact of some of your larger publicly traded peers getting more aggressive on the manufacturing end market side, particularly on production consumables. Any sense of -- I realize the market is big enough for a lot of players, but just any sense of is that leading to increased competitiveness in the industry? Any thoughts?
Daniel L. Florness: I think the competitive aspects we're talking about really relate to more what the -- our customers are expecting and asking of us more so than what competitors are doing. Other than the fact that we're all -- we are all reacting to the competitive marketplace. But it's really being driven, I think, not so much by everybody else taking shots at us. It's really being driven by what customers need, because if -- we're squeezing our expenses tremendously as you can see when you look at our operating expenses. Our customers are doing that too, because in the absence, as Will mentioned, of sales growth, I need to squeeze profit if I want to get profit growth -- expenses to get profit growth.
Willard D. Oberton: And we're seeing that from the large public companies. We're seeing it from the small private companies. Everybody is out to keep the business they have and try and grow the business the best they can. And I agree completely with Dan, it's customer-driven and we're all reacting to the pressures.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got you. And just a follow-up question on the vending. Clearly, you're taking a more measured approach on the vending side. Could you give us a sense of maybe what inning you are in terms of moving towards higher quality vending? I'm trying to get a sense of out of your installed base in vending, what percent of that do you really need to prune? How much is low quality in that installed base? Any sense of that?
Daniel L. Florness: I don't know if we know the quality answer yet, Hamzah, because one of the things that we're seeing, and I touched on earlier is that the THUB rollout -- the quality is not about THUB. I don't want to confuse the issue. THUB is about efficiency behind the scenes. But some of the steps our stores are taking to implement THUB support expanding the quality, in addition to what we're doing with our vending improvement program. For example, looking at the activity of the actual machine and are there tweaks you could make to it. I go to our warehouse or I go to a place with a lot of younger folks, and you might see, in a soda machine, 5 out of 6 offerings are Mountain Dew. It's because that's what's turning that machine and that's what that marketplace wants. Even though I don't want Mountain Dew, I'll take the Dr. Pepper, but Mountain Dew is what's being drawn. It's taking a step back and looking at the machine and saying, what coils are really spinning on this machine for the replenishment from THUB, but that also optimizes the machine. So I think after we get THUB turned on and we've had the opportunity to optimize more of our machines, we've had our vending improvement program in place for a longer period of time, I think at that point in time, we'll be able to take a step back and say, you know what, here is the portion of the machines that were sub-optimal 6 months ago, and here's the portion that still are, and we need to scratch our head a little deeper on those. But it's a small, I believe, a small subset. The machine is just a better way of delivering products. Where we have issues is we have too many machines relative to the customer. I think that we'll run into more than we have a machine where it doesn't belong.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First, I was hoping you can discuss the impact to date of your full-time equivalent additions. Have you seen measurable improvements in stores where you added them? And then also if you could talk about the success you had in pulling back and asking customers to make good on the commitment to add an incremental $2,000 per month per machine? You talked a little bit about optimizing the machines but I understand that some of those are -- they're not operating at the level that customers had committed to. So could you talk about those 2 growth drivers?
Willard D. Oberton: On the first one, Dave, as far as the improvement of adding people, it's too early to tell. But if you look over a long period of time, we know when we have more hours, our businesses grow faster. So it's very straightforward. On the -- we've had very good success ongoing to visit the customers on the $2,000 per machine. And I don't know the exact percentages, but it's a very low percentage where we've decided to take the machine out. In most cases, it isn't about the customer giving us other business which we would like. It's about resetting the machine so that we have the right product in there. Dan mentioned that with his Mountain Dew analogy. It's really about looking at the customers needs and understanding what we should put in there. And our vending team who runs the system has developed some very good software to look at what's spinning and what isn't, or what's falling out of the machine and what isn't. So they have good analytics to go to the customer, identify what we need to put into it. And most customers want that conversation because if they don't use the machine, they don't save any money, and they don't run their plants as efficiently. So we're going down the list. We continue to see very good progress, and the quality of each machine continues to rise, basically, on a weekly basis. The team has done a very good job.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of this -- the emphasis on shorter cycle sales efforts, sort of unclear what the impact there was on growth. But it seems like you cited that it had a negative impact on gross margin, clearly. Could you put that in the context of the price guidance system where you've had such good success year-to-date? It seems like it overwhelmed the benefits that you had there, and I'm just wondering do you expect future improvement in sort of that underlying gross margin exclusive of mix.
Daniel L. Florness: On the last part of your question about gross margin, I'm going to shy away from answering that. We're going to hold to the 51%, 53%, and the fasteners move a little bit and half of this discussion goes away. And -- but in regards to the shorter cycle sales, to me, the best indicator I can point to of everything we're doing, going after some shorter cycle sales, going -- having some of our national accounts folks work in stores, the FTE we're adding, the district manager energy we're adding, if you look at all of those things, I go back to the sequential patterns. In the sequential patterns, we've now strung a couple of months together where we beat the pattern -- beaten the pattern, excuse me. And there's positive energy going into that. Since -- I don't know if I touched on this earlier, if I did, I apologize for repeating myself, it must be because I'm almost 50 years of age.
Willard D. Oberton: Next week.
Daniel L. Florness: Moving in a little bit. But if I look at it since May, and I'll probably lose the group with this comment. Since May, we've beaten 3 out of 4 months in pattern. And if you look at the delta, the -- if we beat the pattern by 0.5%, missed the pattern by 0.5%, cumulatively, our beating is giving us 0.5 point of lift. In the last 2 years, from May to September, we were down about 0.2% or 0.3%. So we've gone from negative. In 2011, it was negative, and that was the stronger year. 2012 it was negative, and that was a negative year. In 2013, if you look at the sequential beats and misses since May, we're up 0.4% and we've beaten 3 out of 4. I think all those tied together, the focus on just grow the business is impacting our business.
Willard D. Oberton: And, Dave, I didn't mean to indicate that our short cycle sales are affecting our reported gross margin. I'm not saying they are or they aren't. But I really think our gross margin is more about the 2 mix-related issues and the customer pressure for them trying to hit their bottom line. Like I said in the last 2 quarters, every industrial report I read was "short on the top line, we did a nice job on expense control", and that affects all of us, us and all of our direct competitors.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First off, I noticed that your store count expectations -- or the store additions were trimmed on the high end, now 55 to 60 instead of 55 to 80 before. Are you rolling those into next year? Or what's the reasoning behind the trimming there?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, I think the reason for the trimming is we're now 9 months through the year and we have a better idea where we're going to finish at. And so you narrow the range down. There's nothing more than that. And then we also indicated a starting point range for next year. And I don't think either one of those are horribly surprising.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, Will, you mentioned that you're looking incentive-wise to create an environment where you may be ramping up the vending signages next year. Could you quantify that in terms of what goals or reasonable expectations might be for installs, both from the FAST 5000 machines and otherwise?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, on the overall number, our goal would be to, 2014, we'd like to get to the roughly 2,000 per month signing. We think that's a good number. And so that's what our incentives are going to designed to do. It's too early to say whether we're going to get there. But if you look at the fact where basically we've signed 18,000 without putting any pressure on based on last quarter, it doesn't take a lot more energy to crank that up. We think that we have some built-in energy when THUB is up and running because right now, if a store is struggling to serve the machines because it's a lot of work packaging the product and filling the machines, there's a reluctance to go out and sign more machines. And I talked to a group of managers this week about the very subject. So if we can get THUB up and running the way we believe it will, we reduce the workload at the store, the stores see, "Hey, this is pretty good business", they're going to go out and work harder to sell them, and they're going to have more time to work harder to sell them. So based on that, based on a little incentive, right now, looking at the year internally, we're saying, "Hey, we'd like to get the number up around 2,000 machines per month". We signed 23,000 to 25,000 or 22,000 to 26,000 for the year. That gives us great growth. It's very manageable and it doesn't overload any particular area of the company as far as stores and regions.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And, Dan, if I could sneak one more in if I could. I noticed your accounts payable, this might be nothing, but it's spiked and I was wondering if perhaps you were building inventory late in the quarter as a result of why that was the case?
Daniel L. Florness: There's a few things driving that. One is the timing of some of the inventory spend. We were building some inventory. Some of that is inventory is going in to THUB. Another one, which is a relatively minor event but it's still meaningful dollars is we changed the organization we use for processing our fuel cards in our vehicle fleet and their cut off is 5 days earlier in the month. So there's an added accrual in there for some fuel that's more mechanical than anything. The third one is all the distribution stuff we're doing, there's a piece of that sitting in accounts payables in the quarters and it will be paid out here in October. But nothing horribly meaningful other than that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering on the fastener mix, the business really hasn't been growing too much. And it sounds like there has been some added pressure to try to increase the company's sales there. I'm just wondering how you think you're doing from a market share perspective on fasteners overall. And then where you think, over the medium-term, where that settles out in terms of your mix as you've been addressing non-fastener products more aggressively?
Willard D. Oberton: Adam, it's hard to understand because there's not a lot of data out there. If you look at the fastener index that BB&T uses, that Holden Lewis sends out. Holden, you're probably in the call, thanks for that. It shows that fasteners are in a pretty tough spot. I think it came out at 46 and change, with 50 being the center point on that index, very slow growth. And our purchasing, director of purchasing and the person who heads up our fastener initiative just came back from Taiwan, which is -- China and Taiwan, about 3 weeks ago, and I met with them. And they said that the factories that we support very heavily are very slow. The U.S. imports coming out of Asia are at a very, very low level, which tells me demand is slow, the fastener index from Holden tells me that demand is slow, and we know that there's no inflation in the product. You put all those together and it says we're probably doing a little bit better than average with our fantastic 1% growth, sarcastically. But we are working very hard at it. We have a lot of small projects and medium projects. Things we're working on, better bin stock technology, doing a better job of culling on the large customers. Lee has implemented some new quoting tools, or his team has. Tools to speed up the process to try and turn an inquiry into an order. We had kind of slowed that down with price guidance. They recognized that. They developed some software that the store managers, and I, again, spent a lot of time with store managers this week, are high-fiving us for doing this for them, and I get no credit. But -- so we're doing a lot of things to speed that up. And we're pretty confident that we're going to start taking share when that opportunity per share growth comes back.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just a follow-up. Could you talk about where we stand with the metalworking initiatives, are the trends getting better or worse? The overall...
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. Well, the trends are slow. In the quarter, we grew our metalworking by just over 10%, basically, a little -- almost double where the Fastenal growth is. Metalworking is a tough area right now. Two-year pattern, we're up 37%. So we had a great first year, it slowed down this year. But we're still very motivated and believe it's a great opportunity for us. Based on what we're hearing from industrial -- or industry data, from other competitor data, metalworking may be one of the toughest areas out there right now. And we're still growing the business at 10%, off a pretty good base. I mean, we're not huge, but it's a nice piece of business for us, and we're still very optimistic. I believe the team is doing a nice job of growing that business.
Daniel L. Florness: Year-to-date on that, we're up about 13%.
Willard D. Oberton: Okay. Yes, I didn't have that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baliotti from Janney Capital Markets.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: You guys have pointed out the correlation you've had or sequential pattern with ISM, and you pointed out that fasteners have been growing a little bit slower than you think you had hoped. And I was wondering, do you think that all the points you -- that, Will, you mentioned about the headwinds and tailwinds to gross margin, do you think that customers are still pruning their inventories? Because ISM picked up quite a bit in the third quarter versus the second quarter in every one of those months. And I'm just -- I'm wondering given your high correlation to that, do you think that maybe they're just working down some inventory in the short term?
Willard D. Oberton: No, I don't believe that. I don't -- since 2007, '08, '09, most of our competitors have been -- not competitors, customers, they don't have a lot of excess inventory in the system anymore. They're all living. And part of it has to do with there's a lot bigger pressure on taking cash out of the business, and the other thing that's going on is the suppliers are better. We're better, our competitors are better, so you don't need as much inventory. I have been scratching my head just as Dan has over the ISM. And when you look at the -- like I said, I've been out with a lot of customers over the last few months, it's hard to find one that's just booming. And it'll be interesting to see the reports coming out over the next 2 weeks from the big industrials, but it doesn't sound like any of them are seeing robust growth. It's hard to understand where that 56 is coming from. Hopefully, it's a leading indicator, as Dan mentioned, and we're seeing it in the next 2, 3, 4 months. But I do not believe it's inventory.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, it seems like it's an encouraging number because it did move up markedly from the second quarter. And to your point, the things that you've flagged about gross margins, do you think that, I guess, we should expect those to continue through the balance of the year or so if we're kind of thinking about your range, your long-term range of gross margin, do you think it's smarter for us to be on the sort of in the vicinity we are now through the year?
Willard D. Oberton: We're not going to give guidance on gross margin. But unless the fasteners pick up and unless the business just picks up in general, unless fasteners pick up, that pressure is going to stay there. If the economy doesn't turn around, the competitive pressures from both our competition and our customer base are going to remain the same. So we don't see a lot of change, we don't foresee a lot of change over the next 3 to 4 months.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just finally, Dan, you pointed out historically, the sequential patterns and how, more recently, you've outgrown them by about 0.5 point or so. And do you have any kind of feel of what we should expect that exceedance? What would you guys view as a successful delta from, I guess, historical sequential trends?
Willard D. Oberton: I think that would be called guidance.
Daniel L. Florness: John, to be honest with you, we don't know. We know what we're doing that we believe positively influences our business, and I would hope to positively influence our benchmark -- our performance to our benchmark, what we're doing with adding energy into the store, what we're doing with working to improve the vending, what we're doing to drive our key accounts. Those pieces are ultimately good means to grow our business. Expanding our district manager roles will do 2 things: a, we'd be better at recruiting; and b, we'll have better -- we'll have a higher level of sales energy in our business to support our stores every day, every week, every month.
Willard D. Oberton: And if the ISM is an indicator of future opportunity, that is going in our direction. We do have some tailwinds from that perspective.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Somebody has to ask the obvious question. All the data we've gotten before the insanity in Washington, and now we have a combination of a government shutdown, we have ObamaCare scaring a lot of businesses from hiring. And I was just wondering whether you foresee or anticipate or looking for any impact from the environment that nobody chose but we're sort of stuck with those for now?
Daniel L. Florness: We're both kind of looking at each other, shrugging our shoulders. I...
Willard D. Oberton: I'm positive.
Daniel L. Florness: I think as a nation, and I'll go out on a little limb here, I think, as a nation, we've grown a little bit accustomed to the fact that we have a bunch of folks in our nation's capital that a high percentage of the time, do things that are pretty damn dumb. And that's unfortunate, speaking as a U.S. citizen. With that said, I'm a firm believer, if there's core demand for the things that we sell, that core demand will be there. And I don't think that distraction is going to be that destructive longer term, but we don't know.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I was just pointing out the small business optimism index is weakening. And there's a lot of commentary coming out of the small business side about ObamaCare and their unwillingness to change their business conditions, and that's an important part of profitability as a company would say. But at this point, you're not seeing anything that -- or in the plans for the fourth quarter, is that fair?
Daniel L. Florness: That's fair.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: All right. And the incremental profitability, we talked about gross margins, the cost going, which really weighted on incremental profitability that we saw in the third quarter. And from the sound of it, you expect no real material improvement in those metrics as we go towards the end of this year. If volume is good, obviously, it would be better, but at this point, the conditions you're laying out don't so much improvement in incremental profitability or is there a distinct moving inside to control cost a little tighter to get the improvement in profitability up for the fourth quarter?
Daniel L. Florness: When you're operating at a level of profitability that we are, at 22%, and you're in an environment where you're not sure what mix is going to do to your margin and we're heavily investing in selling energy, that does create challenges for us to obtain incremental margin. We've talked in the past about the pathway to profit. Our stated goal, and this was a point in time goal, this is an end mark, end place, but our stated goal was, a number of years ago, was to drive the pretax to 23%, which would imply we have another 100 basis points of incremental margin to pick up at some point in time and beyond. But again, that 23% is not a target, it's just a number. But it's really predicated on the average size of the store. And the average size of the store right now, I forgot what it was in the release...
Willard D. Oberton: $94,000.
Daniel L. Florness: $94,000. That's what needs to happen to drive that up, and we need the top line to drive that. It gets a little easier at the top line if we have a good mix of products and our gross margin is giving us a little bit of tailwind. It's good if we're getting a little bit of tailwind in the operating leverage. But we're investing in a lot of things right now. We're adding folks into the store, great investments, because we focus on long term.
Willard D. Oberton: Our main focus is getting our growth back because if we can do that, that takes care of most of the other things: pretax profit percent, all the other things. And so we have to stay very focused on that, and we believe we're doing the right things to make that happen.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the conference back to Fastenal management for any concluding remarks.
Daniel L. Florness: Again, speaking for Will and Lee and myself, we want to thank you again for your support and interest in the Fastenal business and for participating in the call, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer LeLand J. Hein - President
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Joshua Wilson Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present is Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2013, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may also -- may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you everybody for joining us today. Looking at the results for the second quarter, I think the main story is slow sales growth, and we believe that's really caused by a few things. One is a slow economic condition. It's very slow out there from an industrial side. And the other would be that we have just become too tight -- or we were too tight on adding people in the fourth quarter and for the -- basically the last 3 quarters. With our headcount down negative 2% at the store, we've just -- we do not have enough time in the stores to get out and make the number of sales calls that we need to make. Our plan going forward to try and address that is to add between 100 and 150 FTE per month for the next 6 months throughout the rest of the year, adding 600 to 900 FTE for the year. So we can't do anything about the economy, but we do have the balance sheet and the strength to go out and add the people to grow the stores. And the decision to add the stores -- we've spent a lot of time looking at that, looking at the data, but mainly we've spent time talking to our store managers and asking them what it would take to free up some time or to get out there and make more calls, and that was the common theme, was, "Hey, give us a little help, we'll grow the business." One positive -- actually, a very positive on the sales side of the quarter were our June results. Our sequential growth from May to June was 3.2%. The historical number is 2.8%. So we're really hoping that, that continues and that maybe that's a trend of the things we're doing, with adding more people and trying to free up time in the store. So again, the major theme of the quarter was slow sales, but we're working very hard to correct that. On the expense side of the equation, I think we've done a very nice job in almost every category. There are always a few things that jump out, but I think Dan and his team and the people in the fields who manages things, continue to do a good job and they really have it dialed in. And we've been -- become very consistent with our expense control and where the money is being spent and how we do it. So I feel very good about those efforts and what everyone has done there. On the margin, the gross margin, we had a very nice improvement year-over-year of 60 basis points, but the other side of that is we had a disappointing trend from the first quarter to the second quarter, actually dropping slightly. And we were not anticipating that, and trying to look at the data, trying to understand what is going on. Part of it is there is a lot of pressure in the field from the customers. When the economy is slow, it's harder to increase your margin. But that being said, we still believe that with hard work and staying focused on our new pricing guidance system, that we will continue to see improvements. So stay tuned on that. There's a lot of opportunity on the gross margin, not by wholesales price increases but by being just bidding a little better line by line, with the customers, understanding where the opportunities are and understanding what products we can sell them. General comments on the earnings, I think we've done a nice job there. If you look at creating earnings leverage with only 5% -- less than 6% sales growth, we've never done that. So very positive. And a 22.7% pretax number, although it's not 23%, the number I continue to talk about, we're getting very close and we're still confident that we're going to move that number up and achieve our 23% goal. The last thing I want to talk about is our vending -- automated vending solutions. As you saw that our trend in the second quarter was actually down from the first quarter but still a very good number. We signed 20% more machines -- or excuse me, we installed 20% more machines in the first half of the year than we did last year. And our overall numbers are still very strong. My looking at the vending numbers and trying to understand it, I think the biggest difference, there's really 2 differences in the trend. One is that we have worked much harder at making sure that every machine we've signed is a very good signing. So we've really cranked up the quality on the signings. And that's reduced it a little bit, not a significant difference. But I think the other reason that we've slowed a little bit is we have backed off with some of the pressure. And the reason -- the pressure to sign at the store level, and the reason we've done that is because vending is a long-cycle sale. And right now, our focus has to be on creating sales immediately, going out knocking on the door and walking back with an order. So basically, the word out to our district managers and our store managers is improvement month to month to month. And so however they do that, whether it's through signing vending machines, whether it's knocking on doors and just creating immediate sales, is really our focus. So going forward into the quarter, the theme within Fastenal, our main focus was improve daily growth. Because we know that if we can improve our daily growth going in -- later into the year, that will bode well for us going into the first quarter of next year. And that's we're always focused on. Sequential pattern through the year, step into the next year and continue on with that. With that, I will turn it over to Dan. Dan has some comments, more color on the things I've just touched on. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for participating in our call today. I have a handful of points I'll make just to highlight some items in the press release. Somewhat redundant to Will's, and bear with me as I run through them, please. First one, I agree with Will, huge plus on the quarter. The fact that we we're able to leverage earnings on 5.5% sales growth I think is a pretty strong feat, when you look at the type of investments that we continue to make into our business. I think it talks a lot about the pathway to profit that we started back in 2007, where we really slowly moved our business to being a more variable cost structure than historically when we we're constantly adding stores at a higher clip. We were introducing a lot more fixed cost into our cost pool, the occupancy associated with those sites and the fixed headcount in those sites, that it gives us a little bit more ability to adapt. That combined with the fact that we had a 60-basis-point improvement in gross margin, those 2 things really allowed us to grow our headcount -- or excuse me, our earnings. Will touched on some of the things, with investing little more heavily in our stores in the coming months, which we think will also help on the revenue side because we're probably running a little bit too lean at the store level. Second item, reiterate what Will mentioned on Page 4. In June, we beat the sequential trend. To be honest with you, that's a good feeling. We believe that positions us a bit better going into the tail half of the year. And when you look at the ISM reading out there, it really isn't because there's a rising tide that lifted our ship. We're just rolling a little faster and moving the sales forward. On Page 6, our manufacturing business, again, this ties right into the ISM, has been climbing in the last 2 months despite the continued weakness on the fastener side. So this really demonstrates a bit of the greater engagement we have with the 30% of our sales base that now is linked to vending. It really is a very tangible way, and I've touched on this in previous calls. It's a tangible way of measuring the type of relationship we have with that customer and how engaged we are in taking additional market share with that customer. On the flip side of that coin, construction continues to be weak. We see just treading of water. One of the things that we've been experimenting with in a handful of stores, I believe it's a few hundred stores over the last few months, is introducing some additional construction products to see if we can stimulate some activity. We're seeing some very positive results from that. And so we anticipate continuing to add some construction products. We want to be a destination. We want our store and that local market to be the destination for the customers in that market, including the construction customers, and we believe there's opportunity for us to take market share faster regardless of what the marketplace delivers and just overall growth. As Will touched on, our vending pace slipped a little bit. I alluded to this in the commentary. We're really putting in the good discipline, I believe, of quality signings, quality installs. We're to the point now where a very meaningful part of our business of our store base has more than 10 machines installed. So we're becoming experts in vending at a greater and greater percentage of our store locations. And I think that bodes well for us in the future. The other item that I'll touch on, and I'm touching on this one because I assume there'll be a question or 2 on it. If you look at -- we're starting to lap greater and greater numbers. If I go back 2 years ago, about 10% of our sales base included customers that had exposure to vending. And at that point in time, that business was growing about just over 40%. A year later, so second quarter of last year, that number had doubled to about 20% of our sales base, and at that point in time, it was growing in the low 30s. And this is me thinking out loud with math, which might be a little dangerous in a conversation, but I'll throw it out there anyway. If you think of -- and we don't have perfect ways to measure this, because a lot of times those incremental machines are going into existing customers, same plants, a sister plant, or it's going into a completely new customer. But if you think of that first year customer seeing, let's just say for discussion's sake, that number we saw a couple of years ago, 43%, 45%. And if that number dropped down to the mid-20s in the second year as we lap, if half of your business is at 45% and another half is in the low 20s, that'd put our average on that 20% in the low 30s, the 34% we saw a year ago. If I take that a step forward and say, okay, we've gone from 20% to 30%, and the new blood is growing in that 40s neighborhood, next group of blood is growing in the low 20s, and let's stay the stock in the third year moves down to more in line with what the company is doing, what the marketplace is providing to us. If you start lumping those together, you get down to kind of a 20% number, because you have 1/3 of it is new, 1/3 of it is a year old and 1/3 of it is more than a year old. And I don't know if that's how the math is playing out, but right now, that's kind of how I'm thinking about it, when I look at the pieces to understand the impact that vending has and the impact of what engagement with that customer base can mean. On Page 9, this really goes hand-in-hand with my first comment and this is really the summary of pathway to profit. Continue to see nice improvement in 2 ways. One, that individual groups, their relative profitability improved in all groups except for the last where it pretty much maintained from a year ago. And just as importantly, our average store size continues to grow. And we're seeing the pathway to profit, the change in mix, continue to drive that operating margin up. We're not at 23%, but 22.7% we're at least in sight of that -- not the goal, but the threshold, we think, we could hit and achieve and surpass. Page 12, personally, it's a little bit of a negative for me. I really felt coming into the quarter, we had momentum to get us north of the 52.3%. We're essentially at the same number where we were in the first quarter. I still believe there is opportunity for us to raise that bar and to raise that in future quarters and future years. And I feel still very bullish on that going into the third and fourth quarter. The only other item that stood out for me that frustrates me a little bit is on Page 15, our AR grew a little faster than it should. And there's really 2 dynamics going on there. One is the calendar. Now both June of 2012 and June of 2013 ended on a weekend. So the calendar is similar, so my comment about the calendar might sound a little odd. But what we're -- and I don't know if this is a post office, logistics thing or what's driving this, but we're slowly seeing more and more of our cash come in, in the first 2 and 3 days of the week than what's historically the norm. Historically, we had a big cash come in on Monday, which is really weekend processing of mail coming through the post office because the goods -- most of our cash still comes in via the U.S. mail. If I look at the stats today, about 50% of our cash comes in the first 2 days of the week. Another 20% comes in on Wednesday. So on the first 3 days of the week, about 70% of our cash comes in and that's even different from what it was a year ago. So if we held our books open until Tuesday instead of closing on the weekend, our AR would look a lot better. But bottom line is calendar is impacting and just the way the mail comes in is impacting our days. But we're also getting a lot of hard push from our customers on extending some days, and we're working on that on a case-by-case basis. I believe there's opportunities for us to continue to improve our days out as we've done over the years. But that's a challenge for us right now. Despite all of that, I'm very pleased with the cash flow we had in the first half of the year. Obviously, Q1 and Q2 have some different dynamics because of tax payments. But in the first half of the year, I think we put up a very good number. I feel good about our number for the year. To that extent, we announced last night an increase to our dividend payout for the third quarter. We announced a $0.25 dividend versus the $0.20 we paid out in the second quarter. With that, I will turn it over to any questions you might have. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question is just on vending. Just trying to better understand what has led to the change in strategy from maybe Q1 where you wanted to grow your installed base as fast as possible and now to sort of taking a little more of a measured approach. I realize some of this maybe you're running too lean, maybe your profitability expectations have changed on vending. Just any color you can provide there.
Willard D. Oberton: I'll start out with no, our profitability expectations have not changed at all. It really comes to what I said in the call is that we're getting the signings by working very hard with the managers and pushing hard on signing vending machines. But when we really looked hard and listened to our managers about how we can improve our sales quickly, month-to-month versus year-over-year, the word was let us go out and just make regular sales calls, call on contractors and small accounts and pick up orders rather. The vending cycle, if we sign a vending machine, typically, it takes about 5 to 6 months to be producing revenue for us. It's a great business. It's just a longer cycle business. And so we said, okay, let's just let it flow naturally. And the fact that we signed almost 5,400 machines without putting all the pressure on, to me, was actually a pretty impressive number. And so it's nothing about our view long term of vending. We think it's still a fantastic opportunity for us. It's just about how much time you can consume in the store for just one initiative that's a longer-cycle initiative.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And just a follow-up, any -- you mentioned the June number was pretty good, 6% relative to 5.3% in May. Has there been any change in July, what you're seeing? I know it's early days in July, but any change versus expectation?
Daniel L. Florness: Hamzah, this is Dan. First off, experience has taught us whenever we try to predict on the 10th of the month, our odds of being incorrect are incredibly high. And so we tend not to go down that path, especially in the July month because with the Fourth of July, it even adds a little more uncertainty. But our expectations, going into the tail half the year, we think we're doing some things on the headcount side, on the vending side, on a whole bunch of aspects of our business to position us better for the upcoming months and the last months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: This is Josh filling in for Sam. I wanted to get your thoughts, you called out the nonresidential construction industry as being a bit of a headwind to margins and the lackluster growth there. Could you give me any thoughts on your outlook for that vertical and what you think of it in the coming months?
Daniel L. Florness: As we touched on, the -- it's been essentially treading water for some time. And earlier in the spring, we thought it was very weather-centered because we really had a tough weather pattern. I mean, I know from first-hand knowledge we had snow storm here in the first week of May and a lot of the upper Midwest was hit hard. And so there was some weather going on. But when I look at the May numbers in total, I look at the June numbers, I mean the construction is weak. As I touched -- alluded to earlier, there are some things that we're doing, testing a few hundred stores with putting some more products in, that we've seen some positive results from, and it's going to cause us to take -- expand that more in some additional locations. As far as predicting where it could go, your guess is as good as mine.
Willard D. Oberton: But that isn't applying pressure on our margin. I don't think Dan didn't say...
Daniel L. Florness: On the gross margin, it does give us a little pressure because our construction business does run at -- or runs at slightly higher gross margin, so there's a little mix issue there. And I was just trying to identify pluses and minuses to gross margin.
Joshua Wilson: Got it. And then could you maybe just elaborate a little bit more, going back to the vending program, on how you're defining a quality of an installation? Is it purely the revenue potential of the machine or are there other factors that you're considering?
Willard D. Oberton: It's really about the revenue potential of the customer. There were just 2 things. One is revenue potential of the customer and how many machines per customer. What we identified is that in some cases, because of aggressive sales people there saying, "Hey, we need to put 6 machines in here." And as we went in and sized up the customer, we found that really 4 was -- or 4 or 5 was a more appropriate number. And so what we're really doing is just a screening process. Now that we have so many machines out and so many customers, we have great data. And it's really looking very hard, to say is that the correct number of customers -- or per, for that customer or is this customer even capable of getting one machine. We've always done it, we just have better data today.
Joshua Wilson: And if I could just get one more, and you mentioned wholesale pricing not necessarily being a component of your bullishness on gross margin. Could you talk about the pricing environment in the industry?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, the pricing environment is always difficult. But with the economy slow like it is, it's more difficult to go in and ask for a price increase. And I think some of it is just reluctance of salespeople. When your customer's already putting pressure on you, it's harder to go in and push pricing. So it's just a more difficult environment. There's not real dynamic, not a lot going on. It's just when business is robust, it's a lot easier to walk in with a price increase than it is when business is slow. Timing is tough.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Could you elaborate a little bit more on the headcount increase for the stores, exactly what type of people are you looking at adding, support people or actual outside sales reps? And help us better understand when the revenue contribution from that could hit. Could we see anything in the back half of this year? Is that more for next year? And then, wrapped into that, if you could just talk about the active account trends that you're seeing today?
Willard D. Oberton: The headcount increase, we've started adding some people in June as you saw in the numbers, and we're going to continue, as I said, to try and add 100 to 150 FTE per month. The majority of the people we'll be adding will actually be part-time support people, which will allow the managers and the salespeople to get out of the store and contact the customers. Because in talking to many, many managers, which myself and Lee and the whole entire team has been doing, it's -- they're saying, "Hey, we're stuck inside packaging orders, which someone else could do if I had the time or if we had the hours." As far as the -- when we expect to see improvement, based on looking at historical data of when we've added people and when it's -- the sales have improved, it actually comes very quickly. We would expect to see maybe slight improvement in August, but by the October, by -- the beginning of the fourth quarter, it should make a difference in our incremental gains, our month-to-month gains. And then really, as I had said in the call, our goal is to set ourselves up for a good first quarter, more of a historical first quarter in that high-teens, maybe pushing that 20% if we can do things very well between now and then. That's -- and, probably a little economic help as well. Who knows if that comes. But it's really about adding support so the salespeople can get out and monitoring it very close to see where we're getting the gains and where we aren't.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And where's the active account growth running right now?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, excuse me, I -- it's up slightly, but we -- it's pretty flat. And we believe most of that is attributable to not making enough sales calls, not having the time to get out and pound on doors. It's like anything, if you don't stir it up, it doesn't happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Guys, I was wondering, first off, with what you said, Will, earlier. You mentioned that there's no change in your profitability expectations. And as you're adding these -- the full-time equivalents, getting the store people out in the field more, it sounds like your growth expectations have not changed either, if anything, maybe have gone up. I'm just trying to figure out where these lines intersect. It sounds like the vending might be contributing a little bit less as it matures and as there's fewer being installed, but you might get a little bit of a boost from some of the more active selling efforts. Could you talk about your expectations on growth just from sort of a secular basis? Has it changed at all with what we're talking about here today?
Willard D. Oberton: No, it really hasn't. And we don't expect any less from vending. Although our signings slipped from first to second quarter, we still have thousands of machines that are being installed. We still have...
Daniel L. Florness: We did 20% more than last year.
Willard D. Oberton: We did 20% more than we did last year. So Dan and I, and we've talked about this a few times, we maybe got a little overzealous, throwing a 30,000 out there, but we've probably made bigger mistakes. So the vending, we expect it to continue to grow and continue to -- a higher percentage of our customers are deploying the technology, and it's going to continue to grow we believe at a rapid rate. As far as adding the salespeople, that's really nothing new. What happened there, and I take responsibility, is we got too tight in the fourth quarter. And part of the -- where we went wrong with the decision was I thought that vending was going to be automatically more -- it was going to automatically increase the efficiency in our stores. What I was missing on that is the tremendous amount of work to get to the position where it becomes more efficient, which it does, but there's a lot of work of introducing it and training it and setting it up. And all that work was taking away from sales calls. And that's what we're hearing from our managers when we spend time with them. So we're really getting back on the Fastenal model, the pathway to profit model, add 15% to 20% more -- or 15% more hours in the store, and you should get close to 20% more growth. That's what we're on. We've done a lot of work looking at the historical trends saying, hey, part of our sales growth problem, a lot of it is we need more hours to make more customer calls. Overall, the expectation has not changed, the mix has not changed. We basically slowed it down too much over really a 3-quarter period, over the last 9 months. Does that answer your question, Dave?
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. It does, Will. And related to that, I think THUB is slated to start coming on here and helping. It sounds like you're approaching this labor problem from 2 angles now. And could you talk about how THUB ramps up? And then if you have time, if you want to touch on the OEM fastener initiative, and then I'll hop off here.
Willard D. Oberton: THUB, we're kicking it off this month. It's going to really take probably 9 to 12 months to where we have it rolled up to all of our stores with the majority of the volume. So it will be a long ramp-up. But we know that we'll save hundreds of FTE equivalence in the stores by the time we've rolled it out. And it's really about taking labor out of the store and doing it in a more efficient fashion. We're very, very bullish on that, on that project. The other thing that it has is it has the potential, and we really believe it will happen, to make the economics of vending better because we lower the amount of labor that goes in to serve the customers and serve them at a higher level so there are some benefits there.
Daniel L. Florness: And we improve our ability to source the products going through vending.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, the margin opportunity becomes much better with vending because we're buying tremendous quantities to bring into this one facility. So some very good reasons for doing it, and it's a few weeks behind schedule but for the most part, it's right on track. We we're hoping to get it going the 1st of July, and I think it's the 15th, so very good progress. As far as the OEM fastener initiative, we're also still very positive on that. But it's -- and I've said from the very beginning, it's going to be a slow process because most of the contracts or customers we're going after have their fasteners under contract. I would say on the average, that's a 3-year contract. There's 2 or 3 5s, but most of them are 3-year contracts, and so we're just positioning ourselves. So when those contracts expire, get close to expiring, we're standing at the door, the customer knows our capabilities and has a -- and we have a relationship with their buying team or engineering team and feel we're going to be well positioned when that happens. We have a lot of nice signings, but still not enough to really move the needle on the macro. But we believe that fasteners are a huge part of our future and that we have not done a very good job, broadly speaking, not done a very good job of explaining to the customers how good we are at fasteners and all the things we can offer with our manufacturing, with our importing capabilities, with our local store delivery, the things that most of our competitors really cannot offer that we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to go back to vending for a second, I guess a two-part question. I'm wondering what are you doing to fix the underperforming machines that you have out there today. And then secondly, is the lower revenue that we've seen per machine, is that mostly a macro issue, or is it a quality of machine issue?
Willard D. Oberton: I'll answer the first part first. We've identified all of the machines that are producing below what our expectations are. We've put together a very good program, and our district managers and our store managers are out visiting these customers. We have seen some improvement, it's coming slow. But in talking to the district and store managers, it seems like the customers are very open to, yes, I know we're not buying enough and it sounds like we have just not been aggressive enough with these relationships to move that forward. So we're very focused on it. I believe it's a well-designed program to communicate with the stores and the customers and move it forward. As far as the revenue per machine, it's really 2 things. One is the underperforming. If you pull them out, the revenues dropped maybe less than 10%, less than $100 machine, is that right, Dan?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes.
Willard D. Oberton: And so you pull out the underperforming, and it's back. But I think the other is pure macro, that the customers are not growing as fast. If you look out at the industrial economy, and you look at what other companies are putting up for numbers, it's probably manufacturing's maybe flat at best right now. And so in some cases, it's just -- there's not much growth there. And when we put a machine in and it reduces the spend, there's no way to grow that back. But overall, when you look at the growth of the customers that have vending and all the things we're doing, we're still very bullish on the overall industrial vending project and what it can mean to the company.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, the thing, I think, I'll add is just based on sometimes asking a bunch of questions behind the scene, and you learn some things. And I think part of the issue is, Ryan, you mentioned quality of machine. I would phrase it a little differently. I'd say some of them, the quality of the implementation. That's been our issue. The right parts -- are the right parts in it? Are we providing a high level of service? And are we -- a lot of times, you might have a machine that goes in, and inertia is a powerful thing. And it might have been on day 1 we're putting this machine in -- part of the agreement was some business getting turned over to us because some of the stuff in the machine we're already selling to the customer. And 3 months later, 6 months later has that happened, and are we popping in -- am I popping into Lee and say, "Hey, Lee, you said you're going to turn this $500 worth of this over to me." We're just not seeing that activity yet. And Lee is like, "Yes, you're right. We got to get that going."
LeLand J. Hein: Ryan, I'll jump in. One comment is we've learned some things, too, over the course of the year, and that is we're starting to lead our customer instead of sitting and waiting for them to choose the items. We were finding it -- the speed to revenue, is part of leading our customer. Really saying, basically, try this, try this, we know this will work, you should have a box cutter, you should have some batteries, what have you. That's helping, too.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great, that was really helpful color. And then the second question I had, this is a big positive, and I think Will you pointed this out. But you nearly hit a 23% EBIT margin with 92,000 a month in average sales. So does this suggest that pathway to profit margin can be even stronger than you originally talked about, and this is because you've done so well without ramping the sales as much you would have expected at this point?
Willard D. Oberton: We've been saying for the last 2 or 3 years, Dan and I, that the 23% is a point in time, and it really has to do with the average store size. It depends on what our gross margin does. At the end of the day, our real goal is return on invested capital, so whether it's 22% or 25%, as long we can continue to grow profitably, we think we can continue to move it up as the average store size grows. And what we're doing with the labor, adding people into these stores, as I said earlier, it's a direct piece of pathway, but more people on our existing stores create greater growth. And if we do that, our pretax profits will grow as a percentage of sales. So I guess the answer to your -- long answer to your question, but the answer is yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brent Rakers with Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about the cost implications of the sales force additions. And then I guess on the other side, your non-seller employee number increases have actually pretty significantly exceeded the seller increases. I was hoping maybe you could talk about that historically, and then also talk about what the outlook is for hiring there.
Daniel L. Florness: I'll start with the non-seller piece. On that, it's more of a function of just the way the comparisons work out because we've been -- on a year-over-year basis, the numbers are up, but if you look at the various components, we've been managing that area pretty tightly. We've added some folks into our IT area. We've added some folks into select resource areas. But it's probably more of a function of what you really look at, as far as June-to-June comparison, than anything else. Will, if you want to touch on the store side?
Willard D. Oberton: I think -- well, on the store side -- I lost the question.
Daniel L. Florness: The cost of the FTE adds.
Willard D. Oberton: The cost of the FTE adds is really 2 things. One is we believe we still have room to improve our gross margin and offset some of it. But looking at the math and looking at how we believe we can ramp the sales up, we think we can pay for most of it in gross margin improvement because if we get -- it doesn't take a tremendous amount when you look at an almost $300 million monthly revenue. You don't need to see a lot of incremental improvement to pay for 100 to 200 people a month. And so we need to work very -- we're very focused on that. We've talked to the regional vice presidents again this morning on a teleconference, making sure they understand that their -- as our labor goes up, they need to improve their gross margin or increase their gross profit dollars to pay for these people. And in one-on-one conversations with our regional vice presidents and district managers, all of them feel very confident they can do that because they think they're going to get some pretty quick improvements. So overall, Dan and I are not afraid of it in the macro number from an earnings in the fourth quarter and the first quarter because if we do this right, we think it will actually be a positive in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess my second question and I think, Will, you talked about increasing, I believe you said 15% more hours of productivity for some of the store managers and the sellers. Presumably, that's coming both from reduced pressure from vending, but also some of these additional kind of store support hires. Over what time frame you think you can get that profitability improved by about 15%?
Willard D. Oberton: That's not the profitability. What I meant by that is 15% more hours in the store. So if I have 3 people today working in the store, doing say, 140 hours a week, I'd want to add 15% to that number or roughly 20 more hours into that store to free up time. And if we really could free -- put 20 hours a week in a store and most -- the majority of that time, and not all of it is going to be spent on selling. If we could add 10 to 15 hours of selling every week in every store, we would see an impact very quickly is what we believe.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Will, how quickly do you think with these hirings will you get to the point of freeing up that 15% more hours?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, it's not really freeing it up. If you look at the fact we're going to add 100 to 150 FTE a month, you can really do the math on that looking at our macro. But it's really -- here's what they are today, here's what they're adding. And it really adds up to about 1.5, I believe about 1.5% more hours per month going forward if you just run the math on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baliotti with Janney Capital Markets.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was just curious, Dan, or Will, is it possible, as you add these heads, that you could approach both the short-term sales goals by spending more time with your customers but also work the vending at the same time that gives you that long-term growth piece?
Willard D. Oberton: We are -- we've said this a couple of times. We are working the vending at 5,300, 5,400 machines a quarter would still give us. Now could we move it up a little bit, maybe get to 6,000 or 6,500? Yes. But if you look at any other period in time 5,500 or 5,300 would have been a fantastic number. So we're still very committed, and so I think we are working both sides of it. Like I said earlier in the call, I'm actually quite happy that we've backed off the pressure and only lost, not a tremendous amount, quarter-to-quarter. And year-over-year, we had nice growth.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So Will, do you think that -- is that -- sort of that exit you talked after the last quarter that while you're not really expecting a 2,500 a month at this point, but you thought you're going to exit the year at that rate, is that still something you feel good about?
Willard D. Oberton: I don't want to comment on it because we'll see what the stores do. Because we've committed to the stores to back off on hammering it. Let's see what it does naturally. What we're really going to the stores with is let's get our incremental sales growth above the historical pattern, and if we're able to do that, we'll give you labor. With that, we expect you to move your incremental pattern up. And if we're able to do that, we'll position ourselves in the first quarter of 2014 to have a very good year in 2014, and end 2013 on a stronger note.
Daniel L. Florness: And the other dynamic that's going on, and I also touched on this earlier, is right now, 44% of our stores have more than 10 vending machines. So we're not too far from half of our stores having more than 10 machines. We're going to have the impact of our centralized vending distribution model taking some pressure off the stores. So we'll see where that number takes us, from the standpoint of we've always been very good at being decentralized when it comes to decision-making, being more centralized when it comes to areas where we can be more efficient like distribution.
LeLand J. Hein: Dan, I'll just jump in. I think how to look at this is we trust our managers that -- John, I'm sorry. We trust our managers that if we give them more hours, they make more calls, what happens on those calls will dictate what happens in our sales. Whether it comes in the form of construction products, vending, national accounts, key accounts, what have you. They're saying "Give us more hours, we'll make more calls," and then we let them determine what happens in the market based on where they make the call and what happens. And you really have to understand that the sales cycle of a branch and to the degree of what happens on the call.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And you guys -- I think you mentioned earlier about the impact or the absorption of the new salespeople and where you think you can offset that in the short term. And you've been able to keep that SG&A as a percent of sales in that 29%, 30% range. Is that -- so Dan, is that something you feel whether maybe if that goes up or you think you'd offset that with gross margins, is that kind of how you're looking at that in the near term?
Daniel L. Florness: I think we can maintain that range, or it will become challenging, and this is a good problem. If our sales growth moves up, and our profit payout moves up, it can move that percentage around, but I think we all would agree that'd be a good problem.
Operator: I'm not showing any other questions in the queue at this time, gentlemen.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, very good. It's 9:44. We try to hold these calls to 45 minutes. So thanks again, everybody, for participating in the call today, and thanks for your continued support in Fastenal. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer LeLand J. Hein - President
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Derek Jose - Longbow Research LLC Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q1 2013 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ellen Trester. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2013 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results in operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2013, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you for joining us today. I'd also like to mention that we -- Lee Hein is joining us, our President; figure with the quarter that we just reported, we need some help on Q&A. Now actually, we had an okay quarter, considering the economic conditions. We did many things well with the areas that we're struggling in. And the first one would be sales growth. It was a struggle for us in the first quarter and continued to slow down as the quarter went on, reporting 6.5% on a daily rate for the quarter. And so it was a slow quarter from a sales growth standpoint. We do have some bright spots in that our metalworking product continued to grow at just above -- or 10% above our overall number, so we had some pretty good growth there. And that is an area that we've worked hard on, we're pushing very, very hard on. Our government business grew just at about 15%, 14% to 15%. So that was another nice number, something we've been focused on for the last 3 or 4 years. Our vending signings were up 25% from the first quarter of last year, a little lower than we were hoping for, but still a good number considering the slowness in our business. And on a very positive note, the customers that have deployed our vending systems continued to grow at a very nice rate at 24%. So we saw very good growth out of that customer group. We just need to expand that customer group is our view, so we feel very committed to expanding the industrial vending operation and opportunity. On the margin, we showed very nice improvement on the margin. Most of that improvement was driven by our new price guidance system is what we've termed it internally. It's a price system that the stores are using, using historical pricing data to give them better direction as to where to price the product. At this point or at the end of the first quarter, we have that about somewhere between 60% and 70% deployed, so we have about 1/3 of the opportunity ahead of us, and we'll continue to work on that in the second quarter. So we still have some upside on the margin, we believe. But again, very nice progress. Pricing, in general, we've seen very little change. We've not seen a lot of inflation on our product. As Dan had stated in the release, the fasteners are probably a little down [indiscernible] product has moved up. But at the end, it's very steady pricing. And right now, out into the future, steel is rising, but we're not sure if those prices are going to stick. So there's some uncertainty in our pricing environment. One area that I'm proud of is our expense control. The team did a very nice job of controlling the expenses. In particular, our distribution team, the people that run our warehouses and our transportation area, they actually supported the business and reduced their expenses year-over-year. So I want to kind of give an attaboy to that group of hard-working employees because they've really done a nice job. And part of this is driven by the investments that we've made in new technology and better information systems for running our transportation team. They've really been paying off. Pathway to profit, which we always talk about. We increased our pretax profit by 70 basis points. We were 30 basis points short of our goal, but -- our stated goal of 100 basis points. But really, the long story there is we need better sales growth to hit the 100 basis point improvement. I am proud of the fact that we did report 20.7, which is the highest number we've ever reported in a first quarter for the company and in a very good result in a difficult sales growth environment. Cash management, and I know Dan is going to talk on this, but I think Dan's team did a very good job of managing the cash, reducing the inventory by $15 million and producing a very high number for incremental revenue. So I think -- or incremental profit, excuse me. Good job there. One area that I think is a little misleading is, and I'd like to explain, is our hiring. If you've read the release, our hiring has been very slow, and we've heard very -- several comments about how to grow your sales if you don't hire salespeople. We believe we're still in a good position for growing sales with the energy we have. And the reason we believe that, there are 2 reasons. One is we continue to add in our outside sales support or the outside salespeople, non-store salespeople. And those are -- we've seen very good results. And I think metalworking and government are a good example of that, also vending. But at the store level, we've introduced several different areas for efficiencies to actually free up time from doing non-sales activities to sales activities, and they're in things like point-of-sale systems. We've enhanced our point-of-sale system. We're doing more packaging for the stores, our vending systems are more efficient. So although our headcount has not risen in the stores, we feel very comfortable that we have good selling energy in the stores. And then if we continue to work hard, we will be able to execute in the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Dan to cover his area and then we'll take the questions. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. And again, as I've mentioned in prior quarters, thank you for your interest and focus on Fastenal and participating in the call. The -- Will touched on it in his sort of comments, so we're going to be repeating a couple of things. But when I look at the quarter, I have 5 things come to mind. First 3 are the same: sales, sales and sales; third and fourth, talk about gross margin and the leverage we did obtain. When I look at our business, the state of the economy is an important factor, I think, for our shareholders to consider. Quite frankly, within Fastenal, we don't give too much thought about the state of the economy. We give thought about what we can do to execute tomorrow, next week, next month, and therefore -- and there on. A couple of mathematical things, just to make note of, and we've touched on this in the Q4 call. It was a bit of a different calendar this year. We had a 63-day quarter versus 64. We'll have a more normal quarter here in Q2. So it gave us some additional challenges, 6.5% daily growth, but 5% more dollars to work with. I made it a bit more challenging. But when we -- the other thing that's worth noting is on Pages 4 and 5 of the release, the fastener side of our business, particularly the OEM fasteners, continue to plague the business, and that's, I think, more of a state of the economy. But the non-fasteners are still void by our sales drivers, particularly vending, but also feeling some pain from the economy that we're dealing with. When we get into Q2, particularly the May-June time frame, we'll see some easing comparisons. But again, our internal focus is on about what are we doing sequentially to improve our business and to grow our business and not spend too much time talking about the economy and the situation. Also, we did notice that when we went from last quarter into January, foreign currency was adding about 2/10 of a percent to our growth. That slipped when you get out to March to negative 2/10. So we lost almost 0.5 point of growth just because of what's going on with the flipping of currencies. Again, it is what it is but something to not lose sight of. On Page 5, the last several years, we've included the ISM data in our release. Historically, we felt it was a great relationship between what ISM was doing and what our business did. To be perfectly blunt, I think in the last 12 months, the relevance of the ISM index to our business has become cloudy at best, and I don't know if we'll strip it out in future releases because it's not -- it doesn't tell me anything about our business anymore. When we look at the growth drivers behind our business, and this is on Page 7 and 8 of the release, a couple of things that stand out for me, and as Will mentioned, that we improved our vending signings, maybe not quite as much improvement as we were hoping for coming into the quarter. One thing I'll share that's not explicit in the release. As we exit the quarter, looking at the March data, we're on about a 6,200 per quarter run rate. So we ended the quarter -- I think we ended the quarter with nice uptick leading us into Q2 and still feel good about our ability to hit that run rate we talked about during 2013. I think the other thing that's worth noting, it's in the third category of information on our vending, is that, as you see, we continue to diversify the fleet, if you will, of vending machines of -- the FAST 5000 is still our flagship, but I think the group has done a nice job of developing other platforms for us to supplement as we're introducing vending and solutions quite into our customers' business. Just touching on store openings. We'd still -- we reiterated our intention for the year of opening 65 to 80 stores, which is 2.5% to 3% growth, would anticipate will probably be at the lower end of the range given what we did in the first quarter, but we still only intend to be in that range for 2013. Will mentioned that we hit 21.7% pretax in first quarter, a 70 basis point improvement from first quarter a year ago and a nice improvement from where we were in the fourth quarter. I applaud the team; this takes discipline. And the biggest part that caused us to expand our operating margin was what you saw in the gross margin. And I'll just give a more recent history of our gross margin. If you look where we were in Q3, we were down 20 basis points sequentially as we were going through the quarter. So we were in a down sequence mode. In Q4, our sequential gross margin was 40 basis points as we went through the quarter from October to December, so it put us in a nice position coming into the first quarter of this year. As you see, our gross margin in the fourth -- and the first quarter was up 70 basis points from fourth quarter, 110 basis points from third quarter. And I think we are in a nice position to keep eking out some gross margin gains as we move into the second and third quarters because there are still pieces of the system, the price cut system that Will mentioned that haven't been -- or are being implemented as we speak. So there's still some runway ahead of us. And the other piece, private label products. We broke into double-digit territory of 10.3% in the fourth quarter, inched it up slightly in the first quarter, the 10.6% of sales. We have a lot of runway left there, and we need to move that a little faster. The operating expenses, coming out of 30.7% of sales is respectable. It slipped a little bit from where we were last year in the first quarter of 30.3%. However, I think that's more of a function of the math and the fact that we get back through the first 3 subjects that we talked about, sales, sales, sales. That would have solved that 30.7% number more than anything and 1 extra day. So those 2 things would have really changed how we did on expense management. As Will mentioned on the cash flow, I guess I would change his commentary a little bit. I'm pleased with my team, don't get me wrong. But when I look at the working capital improvement, it was very much inventory-centered in the first quarter. I think Gary, Ken and Steve and their respective teams came through from the store perspective. When I look -- I think Scott, Anne and the entire sourcing team did a great job lowering our DC inventory. Basically, we worked through the bubble of fourth quarter and put ourselves in a nice position going into the rest of the year. It gives us some latitude to put investments into our new distribution center in Indianapolis, supporting the vending initiative, et cetera. It gives us some dollars to work with and still have an attractive cash flow for the year. Speaking of that, in the first quarter, our operating cash came in at 147% of earnings. Q1 is always strong because there's minimal tax payments. And for us, given our profitability, that's a big deal. But it was better than I expected, and it put our free cash flow in at about 97%, again, better than I expected. Because of that, I'm pleased to say we were able to announce this morning a $0.20 dividend that's going out in the second quarter. That's a doubling of what we paid out in the first quarter, and I believe it's about 18% increase over the second quarter of last year. So I'm pleased to be able to deliver that message today, that we're going to be increasing our dividend payout. And I think that puts us in a good position for the balance of the year. A couple of takeaway messages that I see in the quarter before we turn over to questions. One is pathway to profit continues to prove itself in our business. The ability to get leverage at 4.5% growth is a pretty amazing thing. Gross profit was a big piece of that. But the fact that we had leverage, nonetheless, is a pretty powerful statement, something that I won't even jokingly talk about just a couple of years ago, about our ability to do it. Weak sales patterns. Tough environment out there, especially in production fasteners. And we had a great event last week in Indianapolis. We had -- I don't have the final number on customers, Will probably has it, 4,000 [indiscernible] in our events in Indianapolis last week. It also gave us the opportunity to spend some time with our district managers, our regional leadership. And I'm convinced by something more and more every day, and that is you surround yourself with the best people and then expect the best back. That's a definition. That's a recipe for success in our organization. With that, I'll turn it over to any questions there might be.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I want to start with March. It looks like the seasonal lift was a little less than usual. I'm just wondering how much of that was macro? And then how much do you estimate that Good Friday hurt, if at all?
Willard D. Oberton: Ryan, we look at Good Friday as probably -- it's more than 0.5 day. So if you said 60%, we would have lost about $5 million, which would be 2 percentage points. I hadn't looked at it that way, but I mean, that's what the math would be. It was a slow finish, Good Friday was, but it's also a slow month.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then on gross margin, I guess a two-part question. Where do you think margins can go once the other 1/3 of stores have the price guidance system? And then secondly, do you think that better price discipline has impacted sales at all?
Willard D. Oberton: To answer the first part, all of the stores have the price guidance system. We just haven't deployed it to all customer groups. So just might be clear on that. And where the margin can go, we're not sure. We're not going to speculate on the margin. We believe there's still upside improvement. And the question or the second question, do we think it's affecting sales? No, we really -- and Lee's here, too. I can let him jump in, but I have heard no anecdotal, any stories about losing business because of price guidance. Could there be some? Of course. But that's not what we're hearing back.
LeLand J. Hein: Yes. I would definitely add, Ryan, that it would only be true if the system was so rigid that we would then offer the flexibility of our folks to look at an order and take it if it makes sense to our business. And that is, again, a culture, a piece of the culture within our company that we've always been flexible to the point to be wise and take orders when it makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Jose of Longbow Research.
Derek Jose - Longbow Research LLC: I was wondering how vending customers, given that you guys are signing so many more contracts this year than last year, how the customer is changing in terms of size and market? And given that there's a higher percent of non-FAST 5000 machines, how many of the new contracts are going to current customers who already have it versus new customers?
Willard D. Oberton: All right, to answer your last question first, I don't know the percentage of current customers versus new customers. And I've stated this many times that most of the customers that sign up for vending are current customers at some level. It might be a customer doing 500 and they go to 10,000. So we're not -- we don't keep good track of that, we sign the customers. But as far as the mix of new machines, that's more about producing new equipment than anything else. Our locker systems -- in the past, 2 years ago or 1 year ago, when we signed a locker, you had to have a FAST 5000 to drive that machine electronically. The new locker systems that we have have their own control unit on it so I can put it just lockers or I can put in as a combination of the FAST 5000. So a big part of the reason we're signing more of the other machines, the new machines, is because they're standalone machines and they never used to be. It was always the FAST 5000 with the lockers. Now some -- many times, it's just the lockers for larger items where they have a different need. Does that answer your question?
Derek Jose - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Well, in terms of just the targeting, in other words, who you're targeting now in terms of...
Willard D. Oberton: That has not changed one bit. The stores determine the targets. We're targeting every customer that we believe can use the system. And there are just thousands and thousands -- I mean, it's endless, the opportunities. But it starts with our current customers within our current market base within each store. And so there is -- it's not a targeting, it's the stores are going out knocking on doors and deploying the technology.
Derek Jose - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just lastly, in terms of the project activity, one of the things we saw in the fourth quarter is that a lot of projects either got canceled or delayed. Having that one now into April, what are you seeing in terms of some of these projects that were delayed or the larger projects that could have been put in place a year ago? Are you seeing -- what kind of changes are you seeing in terms of demand from those areas?
Daniel L. Florness: I think you were referring to the slowdown we saw in construction activity, just wanted to clarify.
Derek Jose - Longbow Research LLC: Yes.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess I can't say that we've seen a rebound in that. But you also have to remember that a lot of that business is very seasonal in nature, and you wouldn't really see the rebound in the January, February and even March time frame because we did have a more severe winter this year than last winter. In fact, you saw it in our February numbers. If I think of the middle -- Midwest, the middle Midwest, so the Nebraska, Iowa, down to Oklahoma, Arkansas area, that zone there, we were pounded with snow in February. We're probably impacted, I'm going to say, $1.5 million in sales in that time frame because of snow. And so if you just think of that in general and where most of our sales dollars are, they tend to be heavily influenced by the northern climate in North America. And so I guess I didn't hear any commentary from the folks I talked to last week that construction had picked up per se from the level of activity in projects. And Will, maybe you can add on -- add to that?
Willard D. Oberton: No, I haven't either. But if -- it's not just the late spring, it's the fact that last year we had a very early spring. And I was talking to one of our district managers in the northern region. And in March, he said his business was down 15% over last year, lost business because the construction hadn't started up. And last year, it rolled in 6 weeks early. So March, there's an impact. And if you look at the weather this week, major winter storm coming all the way from Colorado. I mean, we have stores shut down all over the place in Nebraska today. Minnesota is going to be shut down this afternoon. We're supposed to get 14 inches of snow in Minneapolis. So it's just a different weather pattern, and construction is greatly affected by that. But it should all work out over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You guys commented that March was a slow finish. Just curious to see what you're seeing in early April, and maybe talk about what you're hearing from your customers? And has there been a change in tone relative to February because you guys expected February to be a decent month?
Willard D. Oberton: What I -- The comment I made on March being a slow finish was all about Good Friday. It was not -- the month was pretty consistent throughout, ending the month on Good Friday slows down the finish. We were not going to -- we don't comment on the current month. We never have done that. Maybe Lee could talk about the customers? Lee and Dan both were with many customers last week.
LeLand J. Hein: Yes. In 3 days, I had the chance to spend with customers, large customers, current customers. And there is just a general feeling of caution in the market. There's no question about it. When you talk to our suppliers, when you talk to our current customers -- now, I am talking about customers we've had relationships for years, and some of our National Accounts, there is just a general feeling and there is a concern with the state of the economy. And you could feel it during the show for 3 days.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. I appreciate it. And just a follow-up question on the vending business, could you maybe talk about how that business is tracking in terms of sales volume per machine? Are there any low-margin machines out there that you need to get rid of or maybe improved or maybe send -- and maybe be more aggressive on the sales side? Maybe just talk about the margin profile on the vending business.
Daniel L. Florness: When I look at the margin profile, that really doesn't come up when I'm looking at machines. But what really, I think, comes up if you look at the machines is you're looking at them and saying -- over the last several years, we've deployed now 25,000 machines. And when you do anything quickly and you're running along -- if I'm running along carrying a bucket of water, I'm spilling water as I go along. Are there machines out there that are underperforming right now? Absolutely. I'd rather have 25,000 machines out there and have a couple of thousand underperforming than have 15,000 machines out there and we're hitting home runs on every one. We have a team in place, and we've expanded that team in recent months, over the last 6 months, to really go back and look at some of the underperforming machines that have been deployed. Typically what you find out, there's a small percentage of machines that are in situations that don't make sense. But that's the exception, not the norm. The real issue is, do we have the right products in the machines? Do we have a sense of urgency about, "Is this machine bringing value to our customer?" We have machines out there doing $500 a month, doing $600 a month. Our challenge is, we're not giving a service to our customer with that $500 or $600 a month machine. And we sure as heck aren't giving a return to our sales on the deployment of that machine. So it's our job to constantly be looking at those and improve that, because improving that would give us a nice surge in growth right there. But there are a few thousand machines out there that are less than satisfactory. But I would expect that at this juncture in the process.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, based on normal sort of sequential patterns, it would appear that you should be in the teens growth region by the time you reach the second half of this year. And I'm just wondering, have you thought about a plan B if that doesn't materialize? Or do you just keep driving these initiatives and keep moving forward unless things get really ugly, if we slide into recession or something? Could you just give us your thoughts on what happens if things don't materialize like you think they will in the back half?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, we do keep pushing on the initiatives, to answer that part of your question. We have to look hard at our expenses. There aren't a lot of areas to squeeze because we haven't had a lot of labor, but we'll take a very hard look at everything that we can pull back on. We will look -- basically, tighten up the business everywhere that we can. But we're not going to give up on the big picture because even if we did get into a recession, we found that that's a good time to invest and a good time to take market share. We would do that as inexpensively or as frugally as possible. So as far as our overall plan, we'll continue to push metalworking, government vending, our fastener initiative that we're working on as hard as we can. We won't add -- if anything, our headcounts would probably drop in that scenario. As you know, our pay program or our comp [indiscernible] table, so we would save some money there. And we would continue to drive the business forward. That's in the last 2 or 3 slowdowns, that's what we've done and it's rewarded us in the future.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right. Okay, Will. And then second, an update on a couple of product initiatives here. I know in the annual report you talked about expanding your store-based inventory, focusing on safety and fasteners. I'm wondering if you could just explain a little bit about what that initiative is about. And then you mentioned the OEM fastener initiative. Can you just give us a quick update on where that stands and what your goals are there?
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. In the store inventory, we're always trying different things, and safety is one that's been growing very rapidly, a lot of it being driven by vending because it really fits. On the fastener side, we don't see expand -- well, I guess what we commented on in the fasteners is we're going to add a new selection of fasteners that's really just small bags to service the customer faster. It's one of the efficiency things we've talked about. So a customer can come in and buy a $2 or $3 package, which we didn't have in the past. But our OEM initiative is back in August of last year. We've put a person in, he's the gentleman who ran Europe for us, came back from Europe, and he has launched a very aggressive plan to go out and sell a more consistent sales plan to large OEM fastener accounts. It's a list of about 3,000 customers. We estimate the opportunity with these customers between $2.5 billion and $3 billion annually. And it's going forward very well. It's really about making a consistent effort to call on these customers every quarter, every quarter, and then continue to monitor that. At some level -- and I already say this, but at some level, I think we have dropped the ball a little bit on fasteners because we've been so focused on some of these other things. And so this is an effort to bring that back quickly. We're very, very good at distributing fasteners.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First off, again, back to the vending topic. I noticed, I think you still have the 30,000 count for a goal for the year in terms of signage. That implies, I guess, a second half quarterly run rate of like 10,000 a quarter. Is that -- that's realistic in your view? And then I want to ask about the 5000 machines versus the other machines.
Daniel L. Florness: Actually, as we mentioned in January call, and I did tweak the language a little bit in our press release. Our message to our folks internally was, coming into 2012, here is a goal for us to go after, and we crushed that goal. And like any entrepreneurial sales-centered organization, we upped the ante in the next go-around, and we challenged ourselves internally. Can we hit 30,000? And to me, that's not -- when I think of that number, that tells me that we're after a very aggressive goal. In there, we talk about a 30,000 run rate. And what I mean by that is we expect -- I don't want to soften our position, but we expect to hit 7,500 in a quarter. I don't know if we hit that in the second quarter. I don't know if we hit that in the third and fourth. I don't honest -- right now, I don't believe we'll hit 30,000 machines for the year. I do believe we have the potential to hit a 30,000 run rate during the year. Now that might mean we hit 7,500 a quarter in the third and fourth quarter. Right now, we -- I mentioned we exited the quarter with about a 6,200 run rate per quarter. So you take that out, you have a 24,000 annual run rate, if you take that times 4. But I believe we have the ability and the marketplace capable to accept this of hitting 7,500 during this year. Don't know if it will be second quarter, don't know if it will be third quarter.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Of that 7,500 run rate, once you hit it, how should we look at the lockers versus the FAST 5000 machines as a ratio of the 2 within that projection?
Daniel L. Florness: Sam, I wouldn't give too much thought to it. One thing to keep in mind, when we report the numbers, so if I look at the table that's in the release right now and we talk about the 25,000 machines we have right now or if I look at the 21,000 we had at year end, we actually had about 25,000 machines operating at year end. But on the 3-door lockers and I believe the 12-door lockers, we count those as a half. So we take the 8,000 lockers, crunched that down to 4,000 and we report to you 21,000. And the reason we're doing that, we don't expect the same revenue throughput in a locker, a small locker than we would in a FAST 5000. So we want to normalize the number to our targets. And so we don't give too much thought to, "Hey, are we rolling out 2 lockers here or 1 FAST 5000 here?" It's about, "Are we deploying equipment and is that deployed equipment producing revenue and giving us a return?" And we keep it that simple.
LeLand J. Hein: And Sam, I just want to jump in. To just clear the air on vending, every sales call, you need -- we go into it to determine the proper solutions. So think pick and shovel. I mean, we could have 2 completely different solutions for a customer, and we have no idea where that's going to go. So we don't have any goal, lofty goals of 5,000s and 10,000s on lockers. We go to the customer, the customer has a problem, we bring a solution, think pick and shovel, and that's all the vending kind of goes where it goes based on the call.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So said in another way, there's really not a material difference in volume through the machines from the numbers you give us for a FAST 5000 machine versus a locker because of the adjustments you make, Dan? Is that a fair statement?
Daniel L. Florness: Correct. Correct. Yes. And the real variability from machine-to-machine centers on the product that's in the machine and the number of employees. For example, if it's a machine with expensive cutting tools in it, you're going to see greater revenue. If it is more of things like gloves, there you need a headcount to generate the dollars. But it's really predicated on how many employees are in that facility and what are the products that are being invented. And have we, Fastenal, brought a great value to our customer by putting the right products in the machine so that -- so we're bringing the best solution to them?
Willard D. Oberton: And I think a more important measure is what percentage of our customers have deployed the technology and how is that customer subset doing versus machine-by-machine. It's a much better macro measurement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Holden Lewis of BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: One is -- a couple of things, first, on the vending, you talk about getting from the current level, it was I think 5,300 or what have you, up to 7,500 at some point a quarter. Why are you confident in that? I mean, is the main gating factor right now that you don't have enough people to get there, so like you hire to get there? I mean either demand has increased, and it seems like demand is pretty torrid as it is, or you need more people. I'm just sort of curious why you think you can scale up to such a volume so confidently.
Daniel L. Florness: If I go back to the end of 2011 and I look at the number of machines that we have deployed, and I look at what's -- how many stores are actually driving the number, at the end of 2011, about 2/3 of our stores actually had a vending machine deployed. And that number had gone from 27% of our -- 30% of our stores to about 2/3 of our stores, so 1/3 to 2/3 over that -- the previous 12 months. And what really launched us last year is the fact that we had more -- we introduced an incentive. Obviously, that had an impact. But we had more stores with hands-on knowledge about vending at the end of the year that we did a start. At the end -- if I look at it right now, 92% of our stores have at least one vending machine deployed. So the percent of our population that -- there's 2 types of knowledge. One type of knowledge is, hey, you get how the -- my knowledge on vending is I get how the vending machine works. But I can't sit down with somebody and actually talk to them about a customer that has vending of mine where I'm filling the vending machine and I can talk directly about how this improves the business and why it works. 92% of our people today have hands-on knowledge of vending versus 2/3 a year ago and 1/3 the year before that. To me, that's the biggest comfort zone is that, as I get months under my belt with vending, I can sell it better.
Willard D. Oberton: And Holden, I think it's even -- one thing, the way I look at it, is when the stores really seem to take off is when they have, say, 7 to 10 machines. If you're to talk, and I do this almost every week with managers, if you were to talk to a manager that has more than 10 machines and you ask them what their market potential is, they'll give you a number. Almost every time, they'll give you a number north of 7,500, as high as 200. If you talk to a manager that has 1 or 2 machines deployed, they'll give you a number of 10 or 20 in a very similar market. Until you've done it, they don't see the potential. And once they see that, they take off. And that's why I'm bullish on our opportunity to improve as we have 92% that haven't signed, but we only have about 40% to 50% of our stores that have meaningful numbers that are really knee-deep into it. And those are the people -- as that rolls over, I think we're going to continue to see acceleration. Because even though our sales only grew daily 6.5%, we still signed 25% more machines off of a very big number in the first quarter of 2012. It wasn't a soft number we were going against.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just flipping over to the gross margin for a second, obviously, forecast in the short term. But I'm sort of curious, you're sort of approaching the 52.5%, 53%, kind of the upper half of your long-term goal. And when I think about how you're getting there and I think about pricing, the DC automation and all those sort of things, I mean, you're doing it in spite of maybe fastener mix working against you. Should we be looking -- those all seem like reasonably sticky sources of gross margin improvement. Should we be thinking in terms of your long-term range of 51% to 53%, now maybe being 52% to 54%? I mean, does it look like a permanent step-up in profit capabilities for you? And if not, what's the risk to that scenario?
Daniel L. Florness: I guess I don't -- we're not ready to move out of that range right now. We'll see a few more quarters if we're ready to move out of that range. As we said in previous calls, we get pretty itchy when we're in the bottom half of that range, so we feel a lot better about it today. If you think about our initiatives, though, there's still some headwinds in our initiatives and tailwinds. There are some of both. If I lay them on pros and cons, a pro would be exclusive brands. There's an opportunity -- said in another way, private label. There's an opportunity for us to expand gross margin through private label. On the negative side of the ledger, vending right now is a little bit of a drag on gross margin.
Willard D. Oberton: And it's not vendings that drag, it's being sold to larger customers -- to larger customer segments that drag, sorry.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. Yes, to clarify. Because the vending sales -- a customer with vending sales, their margin isn't negatively impacted by vending. It's no different than National Accounts as a percentage of our business has grown from 5% to 40% over the last 15 years. That's been a drag on gross margins. So that piece. The OEM fastener initiative has the potential to be a drag. Even though it's fasteners, it's high-volume fasteners going in -- a limited number of SKUs going into large customers, so you have a potential for a drag there. So we're not ready to move out of the 51% to 53%, but we are comfortable we're going to be in the upper half of that zone, and we have potential to improve in the future. And I think the odds of us being willing to move out of that range a few quarters from now is a lot better than it would have been if we were having this discussion a year ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Rakers with Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Really just, I guess, 2 questions on 2 of the components within SG&A. I think, first, if you could maybe talk through the increase and the growth rate and the occupancy cost, I think the last couple of quarters, I want to say mid- to high-single digits and now we're at that 13%, 14% level. I think that's the first question. And the second question is, I was hoping -- you talked a lot about some of the puts and takes within the payroll side. If you could maybe give a little bit more color on the performance bonuses versus the sales commissions and kind of how those are moving in opposite directions and maybe the magnitude of each.
Daniel L. Florness: First off on the occupancy side. The real drivers of our increase wasn't 2 subcategories with occupancy. Vending was the biggest driver. When you look at the amount of vending we've added over the last 12 months, it's a staggering number. So it's moved that number north. So when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it added to the operating expenses. The second one is, probably the biggest variable within our store side, in an environment where we're adding 3% more stores, we can manage through that from just the rent expense, if you will, because we continue to do a nice job in negotiating and improving our rent picture. But last year, you had a very, very insignificant winter, if that's the right way to say it. If you look at our -- if you go back to our first quarter report of the year ago, we were feeling really good about what we've done on the energy side because you had a mild winter, seeing much less heating cost. You had rates coming down, so you had a double-dip, and we had a very attractive occupancy number a year ago. This winter, we had a cold winter. We had a long winter, and so we spent significantly more dollars heating our locations than we did last year. Those 2 things are really the story when I think of occupancy. When I look at -- remaining components of SG&A, if you look at what happened in our business -- and I don't know if you're thinking of SG&A from a sequential standpoint, Brent, if we look at it year-over-year.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: More year-over-year, Dan.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. If I look at it year-over-year, the real drivers of increase -- our FTE is down or our FTE doesn't tell the full story of what's going on with our payroll because in the fall, we reduced some headcount on the part-time side. And so the FTE delta, if you will, from where we would have been versus where we are, isn't our most expensive group of employees. So that's one item. The other is, you had 105 basis points or thereabouts to your gross margin. You pay out more commissions. So our commission rate is higher to date, and it meaningfully outgrew our sales growth. I consider that a high-class problem. The other thing that's an important component is in our profit sharing program, we have a couple of distinct pieces to profit sharing. One is, when our profit gets above 16%, we share a piece of that with our employees. When our profit gets above 20%, we share another layer of profit-sharing. So if I look at our profit-sharing number in first quarter to first quarter, it's up. I don't have the number in front of me, but 23%, 24%. And so while we're doing a nice job managing the headcount, some of our incentive pay, as it relates to our national leadership, our regional leadership and our district leadership, is negatively impacted because our earnings growth isn't where we want it to be, so just the way our mechanic programs work. But on other pieces, a lot of it is about, not sales growth, it's about gross profit dollar growth. And that drives -- and pretax earnings. Those are the 2 things that really drive a lot of our payout. So we have nice expansion in gross profit margin. We have expansion in our pretax margin. That drives some SG&A expense. And again, we consider that a high-class problem. It doesn't link right with the FTE numbers, but it is a driver of our expense.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And Dan, I guess my just one follow-up to that. I think in the past, maybe you've given a percentage in terms of how to think about a gross margin increase, how much of that will translate into additional payroll? Do you kind of have a thought process there?
Willard D. Oberton: If you add it all up, it's going to be roughly 30% if we increase gross margin by say $1 million incrementally, we'll pay out about $300,000 of that when you layer all the programs done. We pay a premium for gross margin because it's hard to do. It's hard to produce. That's hard work.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, I'm sorry, just last question on the occupancy cost. So there's been no change in your kind of per-vending unit cost numbers flowing through the occupancy?
Daniel L. Florness: No.
Willard D. Oberton: Not at all.
Operator: I'd like to hand the call back over to Will and Dan for closing comments.
Daniel L. Florness: Again, as we suggested at the start of the call, thank you for your continued interest in Fastenal. For those of you that have had the opportunity to read through our earnings release, I apologize for the fact that it's 19 pages long. Back in college, I was a Cliffs Notes guy, so I didn't like long documents. But hopefully you find the document useful and it gives a good level of understanding to our business as you're looking at your investment in Fastenal and, hopefully, your expanded investment in Fastenal. Thank you, and have a good day.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q4 and Full Year 2012 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2012 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results in operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2013, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Most of the comments that I am going to make this morning are going to be based on the quarter, not the annual numbers. Starting out with the quarter, as you can see, sales were slow for the quarter. There's -- I don't believe there's any surprise in that because we announced the monthly numbers. We did see a little bit of an uptick in December, which was positive. A little color on the numbers. The sales growth was consistent throughout our business. Geographies, end markets, everything has been a step-down from where we were earlier in the year. We're not seeing any areas that are far slower or more positive, so it's interesting watching it, but it just looks to be a general slowdown across the markets that we served. One exemption from a customer grouping, and you'll note that -- or you'll see that on Page 7. If you look at our vending customers, they grew about 34% in the first quarter and dropped to about 28% in the fourth quarter, a drop of about 5% to 6%. And at the same time period, our company's growth dropped by almost 12%. It's too early for us to really understand what happened there, but it's a positive because it's a growing part of our business. We take that as a real positive. Switching to the margin. Year-over-year, for the entire year, our margin was down 30 basis points, which is disappointing because we work very hard on that. On a quarterly basis, this is the first or the only quarter of the year that we actually showed an improvement year-over-year, picking up 40 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2011. So directionally, we're very upbeat about margin. We have a lot of projects that we're working on, and our goal is to be in the top half of our range of 52% to -- or excuse me, 51% to 53% for 2013. And we're going to work very hard to try and make that happen. But as the year goes on -- or as the year went on, it seemed to improve. From an expense control standpoint, all I can say is to the Fastenal, the blue team, is I think they did -- we've done a nice job. We've -- our expenses grew on the fourth quarter by about 7.5%, and there were a few things that made that a little harder. Our vending bonuses that we announced at the beginning of the year were very tail-loaded because it was a 12-month incentive, and they billed [ph] as the year but there were a lot of people pushing hard. And you saw that in our vending numbers to achieve that goal at the end of the year, so that was a much larger number than we've seen in previous quarters. It's a great way to spend money, I believe, or is a good initiative. Another one is our 401(k) match. Our 401(k) profit sharing is based off our pretax profit percentage, which was a record for us and so that pushed up also. So we grew our expenses at 7.5% with those additional expenses. So I'm very proud of what everyone was able to achieve. Pathway to profit. For the year, on year-over-year, total basis, we only grew our pretax profit by 70 basis points, which is 30 points less than we had hoped for and planned for. But if you look at a 2-year basis, we were able to grow it by 220 basis points. So when we laid this out several years ago, we knew that it was going to be a little bumpy. But as long as we can continue to hit it and a longer runway, we're still happy with the results. For the year -- or excuse me, for the quarter, our pretax profit was 21.5% -- excuse me, that was an annual number I wrote down, 21.5%, which is a record for the company. And I'm really proud that we were able to achieve that. We're still very focused on the pathway to profit and believe that we can achieve our goals in a normal economy, whatever a normal economy means. I guess what I mean by that is as long as we don't see a big step-down in the economy, we're still very confident that we can achieve our pathway to profit goals and move that forward as the years go on, still believing it's a good strategic growth strategy for our company. Looking at some of our specific growth initiatives. As you know, most of you know, we've invested more heavily in the Government business over the last several years. For the quarter, our Government business grew just over 26 percentage points. Again, against 8% -- 8.5% for the company. So a nice improvement over the overall company numbers and something that gives us confidence to continue to invest in salespeople in that specific area. Our metalworking product area, it also grew nicely. It actually grew at 26% -- 27%, just slightly above the Government business but very similar. Again, gives us confidence to continue to invest in that product line and the salespeople that push it. So we're seeing nice things there. In 2012, we started working very -- developed a focused effort on trying to improve our fastener growth, mainly on the OEM side, the larger accounts side. And although it's too early to give any numbers as to how we're doing with that, we're very optimistic with the anecdotal information coming back from the field and this process that we've developed. And we believe that by the second half of 2013, we should be able to report more information and results, but we're very optimistic. The fastener business is a business that we're very good at, and there's a tremendous opportunity out there to grow that business. On the vending side of our business, industrial vending that we talk a lot about, I was very pleased with the fourth quarter results. We ended up with 20,161 machines for the year. Up until the -- actually the beginning of January, I didn't think we were going to achieve the 20,000 number. I kept going into Russ Rubie's office, the guy who runs it for us, and asking him about it. He was confident that we would, and I'm really proud of what they've been able to do. I think we're showing great progress there. As Dan put in the earnings release, our goal for 2013, we've upped it to 30,000. We put new incentives and put 30,000 units for the year. We put new sales incentives in place, raising the numbers and tweaking some things to try and get the focus that we'll need to achieve such high numbers, but we're confident that we should be able to hit those numbers. At the same time, we're working very hard on developing improved systems, processes and new efficiencies to try and improve that business and basically improve the profitability. It's already profitable, very good business, but we believe we can make it some of the most efficient business that we do. One of the big steps that we're taking to improve that business is we made a decision to invest in a vending-specific warehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana. It's a building that we own, but we're retrofitting it so that we're going to start picking orders. This will be in the middle of 2013. We're starting -- we're going to centralize the order picking for vending machines for any store that chooses to do this. And from the information coming back from the field, it will be a high percentage of them. So we will take the electronic order from the store, send it in electronically to the vending warehouse where they'll stock the specific items, pick up on a very efficient manner and send them back to the stores on a, basically, an overnight basis. There are 3 things that we believe will improve because of this. One, is we'll reduce our labor. It's a far more efficient process. Two, is we believe if we do this for the store, they will not need to stock the inventories to improve our inventory turns. And the third is that we believe we'll be able to improve our margins because we'll buy such tremendous volume into one location, and the central purchasing opportunity will give us margin opportunities. So we believe this is a good investment. That investment is part of our overall distribution plan. Dan has brought you to a much -- or a higher number for capital expenditures this year because based on what we've seen in Dallas, Indianapolis and our new Winona facility, we're very committed to automate more of our warehouses. We've seen great results and, really, that's in 3 areas. We've lowered our labor, improved our efficiencies. We've reduced the mistakes that we make in those warehouses because it's a better process. And we're able to push our trucks out earlier so we can provide even greater service to our customers. Based on that view, we've made a decision to add automation to Atlanta, our Atlanta warehouse, add our distribution warehouse on to our existing warehouse in Akron, Ohio. Those are under construction, as we speak. And then in the spring, we're going to add one in Scranton, Pennsylvania. We just received the permits for that this week. So we're very focused on expanding our distribution. And it's really all part of an overall plan of making a far more efficient distribution machine for Fastenal over a long period of time. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan, and he'll give you some more color on the numbers in the quarter. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining in on our call today. My comments today will be relatively brief. I'll touch on a few things. First off, one housekeeping note, and this is just something for the analysts on the call. Please be mindful of, as we enter our first quarter of 2013, we have a calendar change for the quarter. There aren't any big swings like we saw in Q4 where we have months with plus or minus 2 days. I believe we have one additional day in January. We're down one in February. We're down one in March. So last year, it was a 64-day quarter. This year is a 63-day quarter. We get that day back in the third quarter this year so the annual basis, 2013, is pushed to 2012. Just a housekeeping note. The chart on the bottom of Page 3, I think, tells the story a little bit of the year as far as from a top line standpoint. So as Will mentioned, as we've talked about in earlier calls, we saw a dramatic -- a meaningful change in our business in the late April and May time frame. And if you look at those, the lines on that graph, you see a separation of current year to the 2 prior years and the benchmark period quite dramatically emerge when you get into May, and it stayed there for the balance of the year, and that really changed the chart of our year. The big change that drove that was the change in our fastener business, and Will touched on it earlier the -- some of the investments and the initiatives we have with the -- as they center on fasteners as we go into '13. We're optimistic about those. When I look at the -- at what happened to our fastener business, the drop-off from 15% growth in the first quarter to 2.5% growth from the fourth quarter, I really see that as a pure indicator of the state of our economy, the state of the market we sell into, because the change is so abrupt, it was really a case of customers just purchasing less product because they're producing less product themselves. Our fastener business is really driven by the OEM portion of it. And if we have a customer that's down 10%, 15%, 20% on their production, that directly ties to their OEM spend, and it's a less direct relationship to the MRO spend. So really impacted the fasteners. The flip side of that coin is our non-fastener area. We started the year growing about 25%. We ended the year growing about 13.6%. I think that the change also represents the state of the economy. But a good piece of that offset by the impact of some of our initiatives and the biggest one that comes to mind would be our vending, as well as our Government, our metalworking, but the vending was really the driver of that. And so we've done a really nice job, in my opinion, of coming up with incremental growth drivers to our business to deflect the impact of the short-term economic situation that we face. And it really, to me, speaks more about the opportunity that is in front of us. There's a massive market out there for us to sell into, and this is a means to take market share faster. ISM Index. We've been publishing that in our release throughout this year, just to try to give a little more insight for the reader of the release. It's been moving around a bunch. One thing that was -- that you noticed around in the last 4 months of the year, it's been bouncing around, but we did end the year north of 50. If there's any consolation to it, it's nice to end in an upbeat rather than in a downbeat number, so we are optimistic as we go into 2013. As Will touched on, nice progress, again, with our FAST Solutions and the fact that the customers with vending continue to hover in that 30%, maybe -- rather think we were 28% and change, but continue to hover in that 30% neighborhood of the growth. And that growth, to me, is, as I've said in past calls, is a sign of engagement with that customer. Every one of our customers has the potential to spend more money with us, and the real question is how do we position ourselves to get more of that spend and provide more solutions for our customer in the process. The profit drivers, and again, Will touched on this as well, we hit 20.9% in Q4, 21.5% in -- for the year of 2012, both our high-water marks for our organization. And we're quite proud of those and proud of the blue team for achieving those numbers. Gross margin. I think Will covered it sufficiently on the fact of what's going on from a trend standpoint. One item I'd add is really the nature of the trends inside the quarter, so get beyond the headline and look at inside the quarter a little bit. In Q3, if you look at where we were in July to September, we've been struggling as we've gone through the year. Our fastener business is a little bit weaker. Our vending business is driving our margin. Our large account business is growing a little bit faster. So there's some things that are naturally creating headwinds for us in our gross margin. As we went through third quarter, our gross margin from July to September dropped 20 basis points, so our slant was downward as we went through the third quarter. From September to October, our gross margin was flat. From October to December, we increased 40 basis points. So the headline number might be the same gross margin in Q3 and Q4, completely different quarters, if you look under the surface a little bit. And I think that positions as well, and we're quite optimistic about our potential for gross margin as we enter the new year, and Will touched on that earlier. Operating expenses. I think we did a nice job managing through that during the year. I'm particularly proud of the portions of our operating expenses because if you look at where they did grow, they're really growing because of growth drivers in our business and our success with those growth drivers. The vending bonus, I think, is a great example of that. On things that are more fixed cost components, we're managing those fixed costs, I think, quite well. On the occupancy, for example, 100% of the increase related to occupancy centered on our vending initiative, whereas all the other pieces we were able to manage in an offset fashion. Bringing on the Winona facility live and adding a number of storage this year, both of those are offset by savings in other areas, so good expense management there. From a cash flow standpoint -- oh, and I skipped past the operational working capital on Page 13. A little disappointed on that page. Quite frankly, the calendar wasn't our friend in the fourth quarter. A good chunk of our business is customers with terms of 30, 45 days, so we have a lot of customers that will pay in that 40- to 42-day neighborhood. And so for us, in any given quarter, in any given month, the real question is how much of our sales from the middle month of the quarter is collected by quarter end because all of our December business, by and large, is outstanding at the end of the year. And our November business, what percentage of that is collected? When you have a really short December, and the way the calendar worked out, we had a really short December this year. There's just not enough of November that gets collected in December and it's coming in, in January. So it creates some challenges for us on the AR side, something that, I believe, will correct itself as we get into a more normalized calendar period in 2013. The inventory, on the other hand, we bought some inventory at year end. There were some opportunities availed to us by our suppliers to buy inventory at a discount. We took advantage of some of those opportunities. We added probably about $15 million more in inventory in the fourth quarter than I would have expected. And I think they were good decisions. I think we could have done a better job of offsetting some of that in other places. And I think we'll be able to burn off a good chunk of that inventory, that increase as we go through first quarter. On the cash flow side, when we started the pathway to profit back in 2007, I remember the meeting down in the Indianapolis facility where we first introduced pathway to profit. On the cash flow, what we already talked about at the time was operating cash expectation. My number I had in my head was 85%, so I cited a range of 80% to 90% to give me a little bit of wiggle room. I think what we've really done over, as the pathway to profit has improved a little bit of profitability, that 85% has moved more up to a 90% number. And that's where really my head is at when I think of where our operating cash should be as a percentage of earnings. For the year, we came in at 94%. In fact, I think in the last 6 years, 5 of those years, I think we've been north of 90%. And so very pleased with our ability to generate just cash, operating cash, in our business. In that same discussion, talk about we had 90% of earnings and operating cash, we'll spend about 25% of that in CapEx because we're a growing business and we need the infrastructure for future growth. In 2012, that number came in about 32%. The real driver there is the vending side. I think about 45% of our CapEx for the year was vending centered. And as Will touched on, next year, we have quite a few plans in place for expansion of our distribution centers. We're very optimistic about the capability of our vending initiatives, and we would expect to be higher in CapEx. In fact, I'm looking at our 10-K page for CapEx next year. And just for those of you in the analyst community, we're expecting a number somewhere between $185 million and $190 million in CapEx next year. So meaningful increase over the $134 million that we did this year. With that said, that leads me to the last item, and that is our dividend. Last night, we announced a dividend of $0.10 per share. Our last regularly -- we paid a supplemental dividend of $0.50 late in 2012 because of the uncertainty around dividend taxes. If I go back to our last regular quarter, we paid out about $0.21. In the release, I touched on the fact that we expect to pay a smaller dividend than the initial quarters of 2013 because of the large payout late in '12. We want to replenish our cash a little bit, primarily because, if I was going to read anything into Fastenal's release this quarter, what I would read into it is bullishness. We are bullish on our ability to put out vending machines, and I think that bullishness is supported by what we actually did in 2012. We're bullish about expanding our distribution capabilities because of what we've seen in 2011 and 2012. And we are bullish on what we can do on top line sales in the new year, and that requires some working capital. So we're a little cautious on our dividend payout in the first quarter, but we expect in the future to resume to a normal payout pattern. With that, I will turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Holden Lewis of BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Wanted you to expand a little bit on the gross margin, if you could. I mean, it sounds like you're kind of assuming that the momentum you experienced in November, and perhaps December, is going to carry forward. So can you give us a sense of -- I mean, November, December, are we already in between that 52% and 53% range? Kind of what drove the number perhaps up there? And to the extent that you may need to improve it further, what do you expect to do in 2013 to achieve that? I don't know if it's pricing getting better. How are you going to do that?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, there are several things we're working on, Holden, one is pushing fasteners harder, hopefully, get some help there. But another initiative that we've been working hard on for last few quarters is we've developed some new pricing systems for our stores. And although it's early, we've been seeing some positive results there, using better data on guiding the stores on where to price the product. And so we're working hard on that. We really believe that we're going to pick up some improved margins. I mentioned the vending, we're working very hard. We've actually installed a team within the vending group to work on underperforming machines. What we've identified in some of the vending areas is our -- we put a lot of pressure for people to sign these machines and sometimes, we didn't give the product away, but that's what it would almost look like. So we're going in and we're reconfiguring some of the machines with more profitable product. So there's several initiatives that we're working on. But as Dan stated, from October to December, we've seen a nice, steady uptick. And typically, December is the worst year -- month of the year for margin. I don't know why, but that's the way it always seems. This year, actually, was the exception to that. So it's all about focus, but the biggest piece would be the new system that we're working on at the store.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And can you just comment, as my follow-up, on sort of the pricing environment? I think you alluded to perhaps some pressure in international markets. But what are you seeing in terms of just the core pricing in your domestic markets and maybe also just any discounting or anything like that you might be seeing in the market?
Willard D. Oberton: We haven't seen a lot of change in the markets, to be honest with you. The steel pricing has been soft, and that has not helped us. It's also part of the reason, I believe, our fastener sales are down because Asian steel prices have dropped. But otherwise, there has not been a lot of activity. We've had some of our suppliers coming in pushing price increases. We've been pretty successful on holding those off. There's not a lot of inflation, and there's not a lot of -- business is slow, so people are less likely to push pricing. Very, very kind of uneventful pricing environment. We just believe we have some opportunity to move it on our own. And we're not pushing a lot of price increase. We did do some selective price increases on some of the products, all non-fastener products. We didn't push fasteners at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I have a couple of vending-related questions. I guess, first, on what are we seeing today on the vending adoption across the store base? And kind of what percentage of the stores are participating now? And maybe just your general thoughts on how that progresses for 2013.
Daniel L. Florness: Actually, right now, about 90% of our stores have at least one vending machine. And just north of 80% of our stores have put out a vending machine in the current year. But what reason we're bullish on vending is if you really get down to it and you look at where the machines are, it's still in a subset of our stores. We have a lot of stores out there that have one machine or 2 machines, but it's the subset that have really hit home with it. Will?
Willard D. Oberton: One thing that we did, Adam, because we're aware that we have a lot of opportunity in these underperforming stores, is the new vending incentives that we put into place. One of them is we introduced some new incentive to the managers that were -- did well last year, that hit a certain number last year. We are offering them an opportunity to make up to $3,500 to go down the street to a store that hasn't done as well in their area and sell up to 10 machines. So if they hit 10 machines, they get -- we send them a check for $3,500 and it racks [ph] itself from 5 to 10. So we think -- because what we've identified is those managers are the best salespeople we have in our company, the ones that are already doing it. So we're leveraging that talent. We also have taken the 70 people that we have driving around in vans, the vending vans, and we've changed their pay program. The stores in the top quartile of vending signings last year, they will only be paid 50% commission. We'll cut their commission in half on our best stores. The bottom half of our stores, we will double their commission, no, the bottom half. So 25% of the stores are going to get half commission, 50%, they're going to get double commission because what we know -- we know what happens is those salespeople are going to go where the rain is happening or where they can make money. And so they're going where we don't really need the help because those managers are so good. To identify this opportunity, we've adjusted the programs. It was all rolled out in early May -- or excuse me, in early December, and we're excited to watch how it happens. We've already gotten some good stories back on the manager, we call it the mentoring program, on that program where we -- managers' gone in and hit it in a couple days.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it. That's really helpful. I guess just tying it all together, Dan, you had mentioned that you're really bullish on the top line opportunity for the year, and the momentum on vending would suggest really strong growth. If the economy doesn't move from where we're at right now, any stabs in the dark of what you think you could do in revenue growth?
Daniel L. Florness: We just as a -- historically, don't go there because we just hate to try to predict what the economy is going to do. What I can tell is our sequential pattern, I think, tells a story, and I think we have a lot of growth drivers. If I look -- I always look at it and say, what are my plusses and what are my minuses from that historical benchmark period. One minus that you have to acknowledge is the fact we're opening fewer stores today than we were a decade ago. For that one minus, I have a handful of plusses. We have a vending initiative. We have international expansion. We have metalwork initiative. We have government initiative. We actually have a stronger manufacturer initiative. We have an OEM fastener initiative. And you start adding all those pieces up and you see what some of our initiatives did to buck the trend, if you will, in the non-fastener part of our business in 2012. It really tells me that we have like 10:1 positive to negative in our growth driver. Obviously, the first one, we are opening fewer stores, and that was evident in the past time frame when I'm using that benchmark. But I think all these other 10 more than offset it. So we think there's -- odds of beating that trend are greater than missing that trend line, and I think that speaks for itself on how that plays out for '13, and then the wildcard is that little thing called the economy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry of UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Dan, that was great hearing you list all those growth drivers. I was curious which of them you think will contribute more to growth in 2013 than they did in 2012, i.e. which of them is actually accelerating?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I think it's clearly the vending. And the real reason for that is there's a latency to it. We signed a lot of machines. We have a lot of machines in place at year end, relatively were at the end of last year. But most old machines, if you look at the machines rolled out in the last 3 months, they really haven't contributed that much in top line for the current year. If you look at the machines rolled out in the third quarter, they're just starting to get traction. And the ones from the first 6 months of the year gave us a half a year's worth of stuff. So you get a full year from the stuff in the first half, you get 4 quarter -- you get 3 additional quarters from the stuff in the third quarter, and you get 4 quarters from the stuff in the fourth quarter. You lob all those things together and that's a lot of inertia there.
Willard D. Oberton: I think the other reason vending is because of -- in the first quarter, it represented 7 -- the customers that play in it represented 17% of our revenue. That grew to more than 25%. If that trend were to continue by the fourth quarter of next year, we're up somewhere close to 40% -- or high-30s. And if we maintain a growth rate even close to where we are, that puts a lot of energy into our growth.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just to follow up on that, maybe 2 questions. One is the acceleration and signings where you think you'll see a commensurate acceleration in installs or maybe even a faster rate of installs; I thought there were some things you were doing to kind of reduce the time from signing to install. And then second is if you could just update us on what you're seeing in terms of the mix of the machines you're signing. Is each install still generating on average about $2,000 a month in that incremental business? Or is that mix changing at all?
Willard D. Oberton: On the installs, we actually slipped a little bit in the fourth quarter. Looking at it -- and January, I guess, will tell the story, but December really turned into about a 3-week month for installing machines because we didn't -- we got very little done in the holiday week. So if we can make that ground up, we're still going to -- we're going to be somewhere around that 90-day lag. We'd like to shorten that up, but we struggle with it. Part of the reason we're struggling with it is because the signings are growing at such a rapid pace. But if we can stay at 90 days, we'll be -- I mean, we'll be just fine there as long as we continue to sign the machines. Or if we can get it to 90 days and stay there. What was the second? I...
Daniel L. Florness: Well, why don't I get on the mix? One thing I did add to this quarter's release is, and I added it for a couple reasons, one to demonstrate the evolution of the business and the new models that we've introduced to our fleet of equipment, if you will. But if I go back to the first quarter of 2010, basically, all the machines we had out there were the helix, the FAST 5000, that standard helix-based machine. Today, that FAST 5000 represents just around 60% of our total installed base. We've introduced quite a few lockers and other machines into the fleet. And a lot of the -- if I have an install at a customer, it's not uncommon where the next machine would be a locker, to marry it up with the first machine. And so you're seeing a mix. I think a lot of the initial machines that go into customers will still be the FAST 5000, the helix-based machine, but you'll see a lot of them where they're sitting there in tandem.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, one of the things we introduced either late and -- probably late 2011 was a standalone locker. Before that, we had to have a helix. The computer and the helix drove the locker system. About a year ago, we introduced a locker that actually had its own controller. So that really increased that system because it could -- it's multifaceted. It offers -- creates a new opportunity for us to sell and them to buy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Junk with Robert W. Baird.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Will, I was wondering if you could expand on the comments in the press release you're guiding, the steps you're taking to reinvigorate both the OEM fastener growth and also to address the underperforming locations. And then Dan, just conceptually, wondering how you're thinking about the October to January relationship this year, just considering the fact that, of course, we had the Sandy drag [ph] in October and we've got one fewer day in January here as well.
Willard D. Oberton: As far as the OEM fastener initiative, we put in -- we worked on this throughout the year, but in the middle of the year, we put in a small team, brought our leader from Europe back and put him in a position of driving OEM initiative. Basically, what he's done is they -- working in conjunction with our district managers, they've developed a list of more than 3,000 customers that have the potential to do north of $250,000 a year, and this is our estimate, $250,000 a year in OEM fasteners, the average being much higher than that. Each district manager has a list of anywhere from 8 to 15 of these customers, and these are customers that we do not have their OEM fastener business today. In many cases, we have a relationship but it's a smaller relationship. He's developing a system to -- so that they can -- it's really a call system that he's been working with them on to basically rail these customers in over a longer period of time, and we've seen some great results. We believe that the call, the sales call activity, is up by probably 4 or 5x with these people and these customers. And we believe with that, over the next, I'd say, the second half of 2013, we're going to see positive results. We've seen a lot of -- we're hearing a lot of positive results but not in the quantities that we need or the size of numbers that we need. But we're very optimistic about that. As I mentioned earlier, we're very good at providing fasteners. We're a good -- I believe, a very strong fastener distributor. But we weren't always good at selling all the things that we did but we're able to do. As far as the underperforming stores, that's been something we've been talking about since -- for a long time, and my board has been reminding me of that a couple of quarter -- a few quarters ago. And so we sat down as a leadership team and said we're going to take aggressive approach with this, just like we did with metalworking and vending and all these other things. We're going to create a budget, and then after we have the budget, we're going to create a team. And we developed a budget, how much we have -- working with Dan's group how much we could afford to spend on this. And then we assigned 2 proven leaders in our company, one to take the east -- well, actually, 3, one to take the east, one to take the west and one to take Canada. And they have put together a team of about, I think, it's about 35 to 40, I don't have an exact number.
Daniel L. Florness: 38.
Willard D. Oberton: 38, okay. 38 proven store managers, a couple district managers, and these people are going in just to the underperforming stores. One other thing we did is we added a -- Lee Hein added a direct report. First, a long-term employer is very good with statistics and understanding where we are with the numbers. And he is basically the scorekeeper and he runs the performance improvement program. So he runs the numbers. We have proven sales leaders in the field, leading groups of people going into these stores, the stores that this gentleman I -- Ryan Rosenberg is his name. Ryan identifies the stores just starting, as the year rolls out, very optimistic. The team of 38 people is in Winona for the first 3 days of this week. I was able to meet with them for quite some time. Had -- able to have dinner with the group and they're fire breathers. They're the A types that want to go out there. And so we're optimistic that we're going to -- are we going to solve all of our store problems? No. Are we going to show improvement? I'm very confident that we will.
Daniel L. Florness: Regarding the October to January sales trend, here's the way I thought about it and we're having discussions internally and in our meeting with the board yesterday. Typically, I'd look at October and I'd look out to the following January and I'd expect it to increase about 90 basis points. This year, September and October, there was some weird stuff going on with the calendar. October was impacted by the hurricane on the East Coast. And so I took a little bit of a different approach and I said instead of taking October, if I took September and October and I average the 2, and then I went off that, what does that mean for daily sales growth in January using the same type of 90 basis points step-up? That gets it to just under $13 million a day. I think it's $12.9 million and change a day in sales, which would imply a growth rate of just over 10% in the month of January. And that's where my head would have been, and the only thing that moved me away from that position would be, is there something going on that influences that? I can tell you the first week of January and typically, we don't go here but since you asked, the first week of January, that 3-day short week was a disaster. There were a lot of businesses that were shut down for that entire week. When we're calling around the different regional VPs and different district managers, they're just like, you know what, this customer, this customer -- they're rattling off their customers that are shut down, and so we got off to a horrible start in the month of January. And even that next week, we didn't really climb too much out of the hole. This week's going well and so I don't think we'll hit the 10% number, but I don't feel negative about February and March based on how January is going. We just had an awful start to the month because a lot of customers were shut down, but it seems to be running normal now. I don't know if Will wants to add anything to that, but...
Willard D. Oberton: Well, I think you hit it perfectly. Over a long period of time, it seems like the holidays continue to expand or the time people take off. We've always seen, in a slower economic time, factories look for reasons to shut down because it's good for the employees and good for the bottom line.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just a follow-up on that, Will. Thanks for giving us an update on the growth in the metalworking and Government this quarter. I'm just curious if you have the numbers in front of you just on what those businesses are in addition to international as a percent of the total business here at year end.
Willard D. Oberton: The metalworking business represents -- for the year, it represented just over 8% of our revenue growing and so it -- I don't have the quarter, how it grew. And the Government business is right at 4%. So those 2 combined are 12%. You add international and you have about 22% of revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baliotti with Janney Montgomery Scott.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just had a couple housekeeping questions. I was wondering, could you just -- in terms of December, how many days were you open?
Daniel L. Florness: I believe it was 19 days.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, it was 19 days. We took off the day before Christmas. We actually work pretty clean because it created a 4-day weekend there and then we were open the last day, the Monday after -- or Monday before New Year's.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you were close -- so you were only open -- the stores were only open 19 days?
Willard D. Oberton: 19 days versus 21 in Q4.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So then for December for this year, we're going to have 2 extra days, December '13?
Willard D. Oberton: I don't have it in front of me.
Daniel L. Florness: I don't even know off hand.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: All right. I have 21 days for December of '13. I just wanted to see if -- make sure we had the right number there. On the -- in terms of vending, is there a sense of -- or is there a way to characterize the number of installed machines, what -- kind of what percentage are loaded and revenue generating versus last year? Has that number increased?
Willard D. Oberton: Could you repeat the question?
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The number of vending machines that you have installed, is there a metric to look at in terms of how many are loaded and revenue generating, kind of how that growth has been versus last year?
Willard D. Oberton: What we've seen ever since we started vending is if we sign a machine, it will take about 90 days to install it on the average. And then after it's been installed, it takes on the average about 90 days to generate the full revenue. And what that is -- when we talk to our managers and ask why that is, they say it's because, in most cases, the customers have inventory built up to be used to supply their plant, so there's a burn through of inventory. But as far as comparing it to last year, I would see no difference. We send them all of our inventory, but the customer has to sell off what they have before they start buying from us. And we assist them in that process because the faster we burn through it, the faster we create sales.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So basically it's about 180 days from signing until it's loaded and generating?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, before it's generating. It's loaded at about 90. It's fully generating at about 180.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the -- here's the last...
Willard D. Oberton: I was going say there's a range on that, but that's a good average.
John Anthony Baliotti - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes. Okay, great. And then just the last housekeeping, on the -- in terms of the stores, you gave us some expectations for this year. We're looking at about 65 to 80 stores. Are you expecting that to be a net number? Like, if you look at this year, you added 80, the net number is 67. Is that -- that 65 to 80, you look at that as a net for 2013?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, I think -- I'm thinking of is what we're going to open, but I'm not anticipating much in the term of closing this year. We've been challenging our folks. One thing that I think is a healthy process for every company to go through all the time is to constantly look at your business and say -- and we're doing performance improvement program that Will just touched on. We're doing different things. We have a performance improvement program within our vending initiative of looking at all of our machines and -- well-performing machines, underperforming machines. You have to look at all your business, including your store locations, and sometimes you fish or cut bait.
Daniel L. Florness: Okay, looks like we're right on 9:45 and again, I want to thank everybody for participating in the call this quarter. And I hope you found the release to be informative as you look at our business. One item in closing, I sometimes try to find something to have for closing, I asked Russ Rubie, who heads up our vending initiative, if he had any odd locations that I could share with the folks on the call today where we have some of our vending equipment. He didn't come up with -- he came up with a few that I felt were worth noting of just places we put vending machines. I know in Western Canada, it sounds like we have a few machines that are underground in some mining operations and producing well. We also, down in Florida, have some vending machines that are physically located in sugarcane fields underneath a roof where folks working on the sugarcane fields can access equipment -- or supplies, excuse me. And we have quite a few in Northern California in some wineries. So I thought I'd share a few of those, the places vending machines can go. And so I think the future is bright for Fastenal and our vending opportunity.
Willard D. Oberton: And I'll add to that, we have many with office supplies. So if any of you need some in your offices, just give me a call, you have my number. Thank you very much for your support.
Daniel L. Florness: Bye now.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer LeLand J. Hein - President
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Fastenal Company's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now I'll turn the conference over to Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2012 third quarter earnings conference call. Present for today's call are Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer; and Lee Hein, our President. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results in operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2012, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Good morning. Thank you, Ellen, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining our call. I'm going to spend a few minutes with some brief comments on my view of the quarter, then I'm going to turn it over to Dan. Overall, I felt that we did a very good job in the quarter considering a little bit of economic headwind. Sales were slow, but we did see an uptick in September. So we're very optimistic about that. Another thing on a positive note is on a sequential basis, from June to September, we're really on track with what our historical numbers are. So we also see that as a positive. We had a very weak April-May time frame, although we lost a lot of ground for the year. But since then, we've really been tracking very consistent. So there is a little life underneath all of this. We've seen very slow growth in both Asia and Europe. That's also been holding us back. If you compare it to last year, in 2011, we actually were getting about a 200-basis-point bump in our sales because of our foreign activity. And this year, it's about equal to the U.S. business. So we're just not getting any tailwind from our Asia and European businesses. Mexico remains very strong, which is very positive. They've just done great over the last 3 or 4 years, and we continue to invest. I believe we've opened 7 stores in the last year in Mexico, and they continue to perform at a very high level. A little bit on some of the vertical markets. Construction actually bounced back a little bit in September, but if you look at the number, August was a -- was like the low point. And so September is more on a normal number or more a traditional number, almost 10% growth on the construction. In manufacturing, we just haven't seen much change. I think it went -- moved about 10 basis points over the 3-month period, up 10, down 10. So manufacturing has been very consistent, which we actually look as a positive, because it had been moving down prior to that. So we're holding our own in manufacturing. And hopefully, things will pick up as time goes on here. On the margin -- I'm a little disappointed in the margin. We've been working very hard on improving our margin. We didn't lose any ground. We also didn't make up much ground in the quarter. One thing to note on that, though, is that steel remains soft. If you follow the steel markets at all, steel continues to decline a little bit. If you look at -- we look at the Asian steel markets, because a lot of our fasteners come out of Asia. A lot of their prices are down 10% to 20% from a year ago. And so that continues to put pressure on our margin. But I think the team is doing a good job of holding the prices up as they can, but it's more difficult to make gains in a deflationary market. And with fasteners making up close to 50% of our business, that makes a big difference in our margin opportunities. We will continue to work on it and believe we can -- we will show some improvement as we go forward. Some of the other projects or initiatives that we're working on. We continue to work hard on metalworking. Our goal going into the year was to grow that business, the product line, metalworking product line, at least 10 points faster than the overall Fastenal growth. We've been able to maintain that -- actually exceeded that goal. We continue to make nice wins, still not a huge business for us, but it's a nice-sized business, and it's growing meaningfully faster than the overall business. So we're optimistic, and our margins have maintained at a nice level. We're not giving up a lot of price to get that sales. We're not getting the sales on price. So that's very positive for us, and we'll continue to invest heavily on the metalworking business. On the Government side, another one of our new initiatives, our goal is the same in Government: grow the business at least 10% faster than Fastenal. We're also exceeding those goals on that business, tremendous upside, and we'll continue to invest. We continue to make nice wins there. That's going to be a -- it's almost door -- it's like street fighting. It's door-to-door business. You have to go to a lot of small entities, county shops and small hospitals and city shops. Very good, dependable business, but it's hard to get. So it's not one big swing gets it all. So we're working very hard in the Government business and continue to develop our people and train them on how to go after that business, because it is a little different than our traditional industrial and construction business. Vending had a very strong quarter. We had a very strong quarter in vending. We signed over 5,300 machines. We installed just under 4,000 machines. So we've made nice progress in both areas. Some of the positives that I've -- things that I see as positives in that is we've had broader participation at the store level. We're getting more stores to buy into the program. We still have a ways to go there, the stores that have bought in early. The early adopters are signing far more machines than the rest. It is broadening out. And we've also made some very nice customer wins that we picked up over the last 3 to 4 months. So we're optimistic about what's going on there. We believe it will continue to grow in the future. And as a company, we will continue to invest in the vending program as we will in the metalworking and government programs. On the 'pathway to profit', I'm again a little disappointed there. We only picked up 50 basis points year-over-year. Our goal was 100 basis points, but we really didn't have the sales growth to make it happen. You need probably north of 16% -- 15% to 16% sales growth to pick up 100 basis points without squeezing the business too hard on other things. On a positive note, though, if you look at the 2-year run, we're up 190 basis points. We're still staying pretty close to the goal over a longer period, and that's really what we want to do. We know we're going to have some stronger years and some weaker years. So as a project, we're doing nice. The team is doing a great job, I believe, and we believe we can stay on that track going forward. Expense control, done a nice job considering we didn't have the great sales growth that we were -- as good a sales growth as we're expecting. But I think the teams did a nice job looking at the little stuff, and that's how we've been able to maintain the earnings growth that we have. Strong cash flow. Dan and his team did a great job with that, controlling the inventory growth and creating very positive cash flow for the company. So overall, I believe we had a good quarter. I think there is a lot of work to do, a lot of things we can do better. We're very focused on improving our business and growing into the future. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan, because Dan will provide more color on the quarter.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and thanks, everybody, for joining on today's conference call. A couple of things to make note as we flip through the various pages of the press release. On Page 1, inserted a paragraph into this quarter, a bit atypical for us, but the calendar had some impacts on the quarter. So I wanted to share a few thoughts on that. In the third quarter, we actually had 63 days versus 64 days a year ago. In some businesses, that might not make much of a difference, but for us, when you're selling a very tangible product, the number of business days really does matter. Our headline number is we grew our earnings -- grew our sales, excuse me, at 10.5%. But if you really peer under the hood a little bit, look at our daily growth, that's over 12%. I think that's the number that's really relevant because that's the number that carries the trend into the future. And so I added a little comment -- a blurb on that. Looking at that 10%, very pleased, and to touch -- build on what Will just mentioned, very pleased the fact that we were able to obtain leverage in an environment where we could grow -- where our top line dollars had only grow at 10% and we had a little bit of headwind from the gross profit side as well. One item just to make note of when I look into Q4, we will have -- it's a 63- to 63-day quarter. So there's nothing really going on from that standpoint. There is a little bit of movement around within the months of the quarter. October will have 23 days this year versus 21 a year ago. So that will give us a nice headline number. Daily will probably suffer a little bit because of that just because there's a certain piece of our business that's more centered on the month and there's a piece to our business that's more centered on the day. So just to make everybody aware that there is 2 additional days. Those 2 days we give back in December. So if I look at trade-offs in life, October is a big month for us. And if I can get 2 extra days in October and give them back in December, I'll take that deal anytime. Will touched on the sequential patterns a little bit that we looked at on Page 3 of the release. If I look at the last couple of years, 2010 and 2011, we were beating the benchmark pattern that we laid out, 50%, 60%, 70% of the time. And when we got out to September, we were 490 basis points ahead of the trend line, so 5 points ahead of the trend line year-to-date, looking at January to September. This year, we had a setback in February, some weather issues going on. We quickly got it back in March, but then May came along. And May really changed the year for us and created more conservative tone within the organization for the balance of the year. And at the end of June, we were about 330 basis points behind year-to-date history, and we're basically at that same point. We're about 330 basis points behind now at September. So since June, the business has been kind of treading water as far as how we compare to history, but nice momentum and also nice pickup, as Will mentioned, that we saw in September. And that bodes well as we go into October and into 2013, the more important way of looking at it. In that context of the April-May-June time frame when we did see the slowdown, it was really in the fastener area. The non-fastener area held up much better, but that's also the area that's helped by all the growth drivers, the vending, the Government business, the metalworking. All those things we're doing really demonstrated that we can work through a period of declining economy and maintain very attractive top line growth rates. One thing, in September here, ISM did pop up. Historically, when we looked at ISM, we've always felt ISM led us by about 3 months. So if ISM drops in June, we'd expect to see a drop in September. What we've been seeing in really the last year, 1.5 years is that we kind of coincide with ISM. I'm not quite sure what caused the change, but when we dropped off in May, the ISM dropped off in June. I'll be interested to see if the ISM over 51 in September is a blip or if it has some legs. At this juncture, we're -- the jury is still out for us. And we're still maintaining a conservative tone as we go into the tail end of the year and into the first part of 2013. As Will mentioned, on the growth drivers, top part on Page 6, all I can say on the FAST Solutions is really a nice quarter. Great signings, I attribute that to great focus on it at the field level. Our stores, our districts, our regionals are really running with this. Russ Rubie and his team does a great job and very pleased with that. To me, that gets the piece that jumped out the most is the fact that obviously, this is wrapping up quickly, but we have a fair number of machines that have been out there for 12, 18, 24 months. That's not an inconsequential number. And the fact that, that entire group of customers that have vending, overlapping numbers is still growing faster than 30%, I think it's a staggering figure and demonstrates the power of what vending can mean for our business. It's really about customer engagement. Vending is just the way we measure it. It's about we're engaged with that group of customers, and we're growing because we're providing great service and great value for them. In that same section of growth drivers, did touch on a bit on 2013, we set out some expectations for store openings for next year, indicated a range of 50 to 100, which is about 2% to 4%. And I think our focus really is continuing the growth drivers we have in 2011 and 2012. They're demonstrating great results. We integrate the fasteners. We have some things that we're working on to really drive our OEM fastener growth. And in July, we mentioned the elevation of Lee Hein to President. And I think we announced that right after our call last quarter. So I want to congratulate Lee on that promotion. But I think the final thing we've touched on in that paragraph was talking about fixing our underperforming stores. And when I think of people and their strengths that they bring to the table, one of the strengths that I think of when I think of Lee, he's great at assessing people and talent, and he's great at raising the bar. And if you're driving down the road and you -- in your car, and the brake is stuck on one of your tires, it's going to slow you down. And we have a subset of stores in any given month just aren't growing and aren't performing, and we need to raise the bar and get that brake off, because it damages the rest of the engine. And I'm brutally excited about that looking into 2013. Profit drivers of the business on Page 7. Continue to be pleased with the progress of 'pathway to profit'. We took a step back a little bit in some of the smaller groups. I think there's really 2 things that are driving that, one we're working on, and the other one is probably a good problem. One is the gross margin that Will touched on. We're down in gross margin as a percent year-over-year. That creates drag in all those groups of stores. The other thing is we're preventing a rolling out. In the smaller stores, the expense of that vending does put a little drag on their pretax, but I think that's a good problem from the standpoint it really is driving our growth. But if you look at the stores that do more than $150,000 a month, where there is no vending impact, I mean negative vending impact, because the dollars of expense isn't big enough, well, that group is impressive, and we saw nice profit growth on a year-over-year basis. The other thing, I think, to think about, and I touched on this in last quarter's call as well, if you look at since we started the 'pathway to profit' back in 2007, we have increased the size of Fastenal by about 65%. We improved our gross margin from 51% to 51.6%, and our profits have doubled, and that's just talking the power of growth, leverage it with improving gross profit and managing your fixed operating expenses and leveraging quite effectively. If you look -- looking at our expenses in the organization, we've always talked about our biggest operating expenses is the people side of the equation. And if I look at what we've done since 2007, we've added around 3,800 people to our organization since the first quarter of 2007. 87% of those adds are in roles that directly contact, that interact with customers every day. 6% are involved in our distribution centers. 6% are involved in our manufacturing. So if I add those 3 up, 99% of our headcount growth since 2007 is in those 3 areas, and that's how you leverage overhead in an organization. The -- I'm very pleased through the fact that -- we hit 21.9%. I'm just going to round up and say 22%. It just feels better. But again, those are 2 highly profitable quarters for us despite the fact that we didn't have great sales growth in the quarter. We continue to make progress on our exclusive brands. We're essentially at 10% of sales to date. Vending really is helping move that number. And then finally, I'm touching on some working capital. Will mentioned continued improvement on working capital. Now I do want to mention that Scott Camp and his team really did a nice job, I think, year-to-date on managing the distribution side of the inventory. We've lost a little traction on the accounts receivable side. Part of that was a short September. It takes X number of days to collect cash, and there's enough of August business that's coming in here the first week of October. That's more of a calendar issue. But when I look at cash flow year-to-date, we've taken 90% of our earnings and turned it into operating cash. We've spent about 27% of earnings on CapEx. A big piece of that relates to the success we're seeing in vending, and we've thrown off 63% of our earnings in free cash flow year-to-date, great number. And because of that, we did announce last night an increase to our dividend and are paying out a $0.21 dividend in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to what questions might come up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Hamzah Mazari of Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question is just on store growth. You've talked about 2% to 4% growth next year. How should investors think about that number? Is that more of a normalized growth rate for you guys on stores? Or do you plan on increasing store growth if you get more comfortable on the economy? Just curious to see how we should think about store growth given where Fastenal is right now.
Daniel L. Florness: I'm going to be perfectly honest. I don't know that we know, and I'll say that in a couple of ways. We still don't know yet from our non-North American business what that means for store openings into the future. We just don't know. If I center the answer on North America, what we know about the market is it's big, $140 billion to $150 billion. It's $160 billion a year, depending on whose math you're looking at. And we have somewhere between 2% and 3% market share. And historically, a lot of our eggs are in the store opening basket. And with 'pathway to profit', we really took a step away from that and said, "There's a whole bunch of ways for us to go out and go after this market share, and we have this network that's out there that is -- that has unbelievable capabilities." And that's balanced our total growth drivers across more channels. So we put tools in the hand not just of an area where we're more sparse but area where we're more dense. I mean, when I look at the growth we continue to see in the Upper Midwest in a business that we've been in for 40-plus years -- and we're doing it with a combination of store openings, vending, government, the whole gamut as far as growth drivers. We think 2% to 4% is a good number for 2013. 2014 and 2015, we'll see when we get there. Long way of truly not answering your question but saying the opportunity is so big that we don't want to pin ourselves into the corner of saying, "It has to go from this one thing." It comes from a variety. But when I think of, for example, the Government business, and I don't know in our products how big the government is, but if you read the headline, government is 20% of our economy. So if we have 2,500 locations, I'm using that so I can do the math in my head, and we add a 20% potential to that, that's like opening 500 stores. So is that a better route to go down in the short term or it's a goal of store openings, I think it's a combination of the 2, but I'll take that Government business.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful, and I appreciate it. Just one last follow-up question. On vending, could you maybe talk about how your vending offering is different from some of your largest -- larger competitors? Specifically, is your machine different? What are you stocking in there relative to what others are stocking? Do you own the inventory? Does the customer own the inventory? I know there's a better [ph] difference between your offering and some of your competition, maybe if you could touch on that.
Willard D. Oberton: This is Will. I think a lot of it is quite similar. Our machines are Internet-based appliances, which we think is an advantage, because they're more dependable. Some of the other companies offer a machine that has a PC built into it. Same system that we used to offer 4 or 5 years ago, and we find ours are far more dependable. Because it's a PC-based appliance, it's also a lower-cost system and so we're able to provide them at somewhat lower cost. The inventory in some customers is consigned inventory. In other customers, the customers choose to own it. But the majority is consigned. Some of our competition does consigned inventory, and some of them have the customers own it. I think one of our biggest advantages, compared to the big public companies that we all know of, is our local branch network, because this is a physical business. If you think about the person who's supplying your soda machines or pop machines in the office, those people aren't driving from 3 or 4 hours away in many cases. Our local branch adds a service element that's going to be very hard to duplicate for some of our competitors. I know some of our competitors, their strategy is to ship it into the factory and then have the factory workers put the product away. But I would guess if your person providing the vending machines at your office said that they'll just ship the product to the dock, and you guys can put it away in the morning, probably you'd find -- or you may find a new supplier. So we have that local advantage that really gives us some leverage, and we have this distribution network to move the product more efficiently. But machine to machine, product to product, it's not that dissimilar.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, Dan, back in the third quarter of last year, you said that you could take your leverage probably down to maybe 12% or 13% growth with energy and you said lower if you hit the wall. And it seems like you've taken the leverage probably down to that level or lower. And I'm just wondering about the strength you saw here in September relative to an uncertain economy. Are you happy where the set point is right now, that you'll maintain that unless things change one way or the other into 2013? That's the first question. And then I'll just sneak the second one in here, too. In terms of vending placements, the number of vending machines, by my math, is up over 300% in the past year, and revenues to customers with vending machines looks like it's up a little bit less than 100% and I'm trying to understand that dynamic. Does that mean you're now getting into smaller customers? Are you placing more of the FAST 3000 machines with their less yield per customer? Or what is the implication from that math?
Daniel L. Florness: Okay. First off, a couple of different questions there. First, on the breakpoint, my comment a year ago, '12 and '13, I'm glad to say I was wrong. I think part of it is maybe I'm Midwestern, and I'm an accountant, so it makes me probably too conservative and not willing to put my neck out and say we could do it at 10%, because I didn't think we could. So that's just, I think, good execution, especially in the face of the gross profit dynamic going on, which made it more challenging. On the vending machine, I'm not sure if I'm following your math on the 100% pieces. And in fact, I think I'll kind of restate it back the way we have it. And I'll think out loud a second, and then I'll give you a third question to follow up on my answer. But the way I think about it is the customers that are coming into that group when we introduced vending, our -- that overall business is growing at 30%, and that includes the weight, if you will, of the customers that have anniversary-ed, the customers that had vending a year ago and 2 years ago, because we're looking at that combined group. I think if you're talking about vending being up over 100% because you're looking at the new machines and the dollars going through it, you're just -- you're taking the math and saying, "Okay, 24% of your sales are with customers with vending, and that number is X percent bigger than it was a year ago," you're comparing apples and oranges. Because we have customers that we had a year ago that didn't have vending that have vending today. So when we talk about the percentage of our sales that is vending, that includes customers that have been buying from us for years. We're just now looking at it and saying, "How big is that pool growing, and how big was that customer base a year ago?" and -- which I think is the best way to look at it, because it's really "How much is it impacting your business?" not "What is the dollar growth going through a machine?" Because that's really not a meaningful number. I'm not sure if I answered your question right then [ph]. The other thing I guess I would look at and say if I look at our dollars per machine and I try to understand that dynamic, is it improving or getting worse? It's at or a little bit better than it was a year ago. And so from that standpoint, I don't think there's any dilution going on because of the different models of machines, but there is some impact. When we report our machine count, we're reporting just our absolute count. Here's vending [ph] machines we have out there. And in that mix, there's the traditional FAST 5000 with the locker systems. There's some hydration machines. I think that's what we call it. And there are some cutting tool machines. So there's a variety of machines, and they have different potentials as far as throughput. And the way we measure it is we look at lockers and we say, "We think they have about 1/2 a potential." So when we're looking at dollars per machine, we look at that as a half. But I don't know if I just thought out loud and did a brain dump and didn't answer the question? Maybe Will has a better answer.
Willard D. Oberton: The way I look at it, Dave, as I look at the incremental growth off this group of customers, this group of customers represented almost 60%. If you take 25 -- roughly 25% of your business grew 20 points faster than the overall company, the average of that represents the majority of our incremental growth. And we lay that against the expense of the vending program. But then from the vending program, we can also look at it at a different way and, say, we're putting expense of all these machines into our occupancy, because we really think it's just offsite storage, and our occupancy is not outgrowing our revenue, because Dan's group is doing such a great job. So we're really building this into our old P&L working model. And so it's very accretive business when you look at it that way. It's a great growth driver. But we can talk more and try and clear up. I'm a little confused, too, with the question.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's great. I appreciate the color on that. Just to follow up on that first question, though, Dan. In terms of how you feel about it, as you're looking at the business level for next year, I'm just trying to get a read. I know you don't have a tremendous amount of visibility, but there's a lot of cross-currents here in terms of the data we're seeing out there in the marketplace, some of the economic data, and then relative to what you're saying for your June, for September. I'm just trying to get a relative read on your feeling. As you look to 2013, are you feeling pretty good? Or are you still fairly cautious about this industrial environment just as a company?
Daniel L. Florness: We're cautious. We're investing aggressively. I mean, we're putting vending machines out there. We're adding up -- we're adding sales potential into our organization every day, but we are cautious when we're looking at how we manage our expenses.
Willard D. Oberton: And one thing that we did mention on the call is that we've introduced a lot of new technologies and efficiencies into our business that have helped us lower that breakeven down to somewhere below 10%, I guess, if you look at the numbers. Those are things that will continue to benefit us for years, and it's throughout our organization, electronic billing and accounting, the automation in our warehouses. And we've introduced 2 or 3 major things to the stores from point of sale, simplifying the pricing, simplifying the process of -- processing of orders with the goal of being the most efficient distributor in the industry. These are things that have a long tail on and will continue to benefit. So where that breakeven is at any given time will depend on our view. And if we're very bullish, we'll invest heavier, and that will slide up. If we're very conservative, which we're not right now, we're cautiously conservative, we'll pull that down and be able to lower that number. We have better levers on that than we've ever had, because we're not adding the cost of the fixed overhead of the stores. That was a big thing that you couldn't do much about once you had it.
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The -- a couple of questions on vending again. So specifically looking at your vending customers, what do you -- what's the growth that you're seeing from the SKUs that they're buying that don't come from the machines? I'm trying to figure out the -- parse out the actual impacts of the machines themselves on those customers versus what they're doing outside the machines.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I guess I'm going to answer it by talking about if I look at the subset of the business that goes through the vending machine, that number is then -- if we have a $10,000 customer, $2,200 or $2,300 of that, so about 22%, 23% is actually physically going through the machine, but the products that are going through the machine, Sam, could be products that we've been -- there are 40 slots in a machine. 10 of those slots could be items that we've been selling to that customer for years. And it's just now we're selling it using the vending machine as the vehicle, and the other 30 slots or 20 slots or 10 slots are now new products. But the discussion we have with the customer is really one of economics. We're bringing this machine that we believe will help your business. And what we need is a couple of thousand dollars of incremental business with you. And let's use a worst-case scenario. Let's use a scenario where the customer is spending $3,000 a month of business but now going to -- 100% of it's going to go through the vending machine. And I know based on the value of that vending machine brings, that $3,000 spend that we've had with -- that customer had with us is probably going to go down to $1,800 or $2,000, because when it goes through a vending machine, there's more accountability to the product. And so our discussion with that customer is we need, in total, to take your business from $10,000 to $12,000.
Willard D. Oberton: Or $3,000, you see, you said $3,000.
Daniel L. Florness: $3,000 from the machine, but we're doing $10,000 for that customer.
Willard D. Oberton: $2,000 incremental.
Daniel L. Florness: I need $2,000 of incremental. And the discussion might be, the customer says, "Well, you know what? I've done $3,000 a month in vending -- in welding supply," and they turn over to welding supply stores. We're not led to the machine dynamic. We're led to the growth of the business. Lee?
LeLand J. Hein: Yes. Sam, the other thing that happens just from a branch standpoint, again, back to that local branch, is because our people are there daily or every other day, we're capturing sales because we're there. We're having customers go -- seeing the employee walk in in a blue shirt with our blue machine going, "That's our supplier. Hey, while you're here, could you give me whatever?" We're seeing growth because of that also, back to the local store.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Let me ask a second question, then. You've talked in the past about the average size of a customer that uses a vending solution. What is that average size now? How many more customers do you have of that size that have not yet signed up with vending solutions? And how many customers of that size do you tend to add on an annual basis?
Daniel L. Florness: When we started vending and we looked at the opportunity, and I think this is the best way to answer it, we looked at it and said, "We have 230,000, 240,000 active customers a month, and we think about 10% of that number, 25,000 to 30,000, based on our initial definition of the vending, the FAST 5000, could have a vending machine." And we looked at it and said, "If we could have 2 machines per customer in that environment, there's an opportunity here for us to put out 50,000 machines." That was what we thought about it 3 years ago. And so if I think of the -- I don't have the exact number in front of me, but we have, what, 17,000 machines out there now?
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, 17,000 installed.
Daniel L. Florness: And the last data I looked at, I think the relationship is about 2 or 2.2 machines per customer. So there's 8,000 customers right now that have vending. Rough numbers. And Lee might have a better number. And so there's a big universe of customers out there that we have today that we put vending into, even based on our definition of, 3 years ago, what the FAST 5000 is. We've added the whole fleet of machines now. We've broadened the audience of customers that could have vending. We've decreased the size that we need to run through the machine and decreased the size of the customer. So I don't think there's a market limitation for us, unless you want to start talking about 2020.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, anecdotally, Sam, when you talk to store managers that had not bought into this, they'll tell you that they see 3 or 4 customers in their market that may be a potential. And when you visit stores that have done very well, stores that have 20 or 30 machines, and we have several of those now, and you ask them what their market potential is, with -- the lowest numbers I hear are 50. And most of the people say, "Oh, I'll get well over 100 in my store." And so once that the store managers start to see this, the numbers become so much larger, I'm almost shaking my head, going, "Wow." But these are the guys in the field, these are the guys that understand it. And so it's really about opening the eyes, and the numbers will continue to grow, as Dan said, as we get different machines for smaller customers and larger customers. It's simply a better way to deliver our product.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: First, I want to start with September, which is a very good month, and you mentioned you saw an uptick. Can you just speak to how the month played out and if there were any surprises from your viewpoint by end market or geography?
Willard D. Oberton: No, there really weren't. One thing I noticed about September, Ryan, is the consistency throughout the United States. If you look at the growth region by region, it's probably the narrowest group that you -- band that you've seen in a long time. Nobody had a real bad month, and there's really no one that had a great month, which -- consistency is good for us. We did see a nice uptick, though, in our international business. Part of that was driven by currency, but overall, even the unit growth was up internationally. So it was consistent. It was, for the most part, consistent through the month. We had a little bit of a stronger finish, but we do our daily analysis and we bring the sales in, and we ended up about 200 basis points ahead of where we had estimated even before halfway through the month. Some early days into the month, we were estimating in that high 12s, and that's where we ended up just a little bit about -- or 12.9%. So very consistent pattern, consistent across the United States and steady as the month went. So that was -- it was all positive.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That sounds actually very positive. Okay. And then second question, I want to ask about vending, but I'll ask it a different way. If I just look at the number of vending installations and, of course, signings as well, it seems to me that the impact from vending should start to accelerate starting as early as the fourth quarter. Is that the right way to think about it? Is that how you're thinking about it?
Willard D. Oberton: I'm not sure why it would -- well...
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: In terms of impact.
Daniel L. Florness: The impact is going to continue to grow because the number of machines is growing so fast. And so that adds in layers of potential.
Willard D. Oberton: I think the other thing, and we don't know how to measure this, is there's a lot of built-up -- there's a lot of energy going into this project today. But it's really delayed, because it takes us about 90 days to install a machine after we sign it. And it really takes us, on Dan's analysis, another 60 to 90 days to get everything flowing, because what happens in most cases is the customers we sign up have a lot of inventory. Whether we sell it to them or the other guys did, they have a stock that we have to burn through. And many times, we'll actually put that in our machines and burn the inventory through whether it's ours or theirs. So the reality is if I sign a machine today, it's probably March before I see much gain. So we have a lot of energy and selling that has a delayed, positive effect, which is actually a great thing, because it will come through. The other part, you have that. The other is with all that energy, we're probably not working as hard on some other things we should, because we only have so many hours in a day. So it's where you put your time. And as Dan mentioned, fasteners, they're probably suffering because of some of this -- Lee has a comment.
LeLand J. Hein: What I'd add also, Ryan, is it's really, you've got to -- focus in on the participation. What's going to accelerate vending or the vending sales is more stores participating. That -- every time you look at Fastenal, whether it's Government, any of our industry specialists, you always have to hold that against how many stores are participating in this growth driver today. And that's really where we come in to drive that, that once the stores latch onto vending, we get the majority of stores participating. That is what will accelerate that.
Operator: Thank you. This ends the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
Daniel L. Florness: Once again, as we mentioned at the start of the call, we would like to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's call, and we look forward to discussions in the future. Have a good day, everybody.
Willard D. Oberton: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Joshua Wilson David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Fastenal Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Now I'll turn the conference over to Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2012 at midnight Central time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank everybody for joining us today. I'm very happy with the quarter that we reported this morning. I'm going to make my comments pretty brief. Dan does a very good job in his press release, and so I'm go through it pretty quickly and basically just give you the color as I see it. Manufacturing has slowed, that's clear. But on a very positive note, I've been out talking to lot of our regional people and district people, and we have not seen a lot of abrupt changes. It's more of a step-down, and we haven't seen a lot of panic from our customers, so we think although it's much slower, so much slower than it was, it doesn't appear to be a lot of panic going on, so that gives us some optimism for the next several months. Construction has also slowed. But we're actually having a difficult time with the comparisons or understanding the comparisons. Because of the very warm winter, now the hot summer, it's hard to see where the business would have normalized. But overall, it appears to be somewhat weaker than it was, but there is still a lot of business and a lot of opportunity out there. On the margin, my comment there is I think we've made nice progress. I'm happy with what the team has done. We believe there are still several opportunities or many opportunities to show additional improvement in margin. We're going to continue to work very, very hard on the margin as we go forward. One of the areas that I guess I'm the happiest with is our expense management. The second quarter, this quarter, was the first time that we've ever reported SG&A below 30%, which we're proud of, and it's really -- I believe, it's really just the result of focus and hard work by the team. A lot of people working on, a lot of people understand the expenses and just really doing a nice job. And I want to give the chief people on our team a kudos for that, because they're working very hard. Initiatives, our sales initiatives, we continue to see very nice progress on those. Metalworking continues to show progress. We continue to pace -- run at a nice pace, but we have a long ways to go. We're learning a lot about it. Our learning curve is very steep right now. I've been meeting with several groups of managers and talking about this initiative and finding out what we need to improve upon and areas that we can move faster with. Government is also very similar. We're making nice progress with our government initiatives, and there's a tremendous opportunity going forward. Both of those areas were pretty much fully staffed, as we see it today with our sales teams, and those sales teams continue to improve their knowledge level. So we think that we have -- we should continue to see incremental improvement quarter-to-quarter as we go forward, so that's some built-in upside for us. Vending, all I can say is I feel we made great progress. Our team, Russ Rubie and his team that runs the vending program, they're working hard and I've had the opportunity to talk to several of our larger customers that have deployed our vending solutions, and the feedback has all been very positive. So the customers are seeing the savings. The customers like the control on their inventory. The software is working well for them to show them what they're using, how they're using these products. So there's a very positive customer feedback. In our processes, internal processes, for how we receive the orders from the customers, how we set the machines up, all the different things that we have developed continue to improve. And we still have a lot of opportunities there to improve these processes. And every time we do that, we lower our cost and we improve the customer service at the same time. So we have a tremendous amount of focus on the entire process of the vending business from the start to finish, and think that, that will just continue to get better as we go forward. Sitting back or stepping back and thinking of the overview of our business and the puts and the takes, thinking about the economy -- the economy, as we see it, is I guess we'd say it's not great, but it's okay. So we should continue to -- we should be able to perform at a reasonable level in the current economic situation. I think we're doing a nice job, as I mentioned, with expense control, which creates cash flow. So we're in a very positive position there. I feel good about that. Our sales drivers initiatives that we continue to talk about are getting stronger, which is very good. You saw that with the vending numbers that we reported. We're actually accelerating in those areas. Some of the areas that we don't talk as much about are internal things. One that I'm very optimistic about is we've -- our IT group has developed some new software programs to use in our stores. And all of them, there's actually 2 or 3 large ones that we're either rolling out or testing at this time. Our systems that are set up to make store life far easier and automate different processes like receiving product, how we process orders and several other areas. Three weeks ago, I had the opportunity to go out and visit 11 stores in eastern Wisconsin, larger stores, some of our more mature area and talk to managers about how these were working. And in every case, they were talking about this one saves me an hour a day or this one saves me 2 hours a week. And so we only have these initiatives rolled out to a handful of stores or a smaller percentage of our stores. As we do that, it has the tremendous upside to save labor in the store and usually, with the way that works, is that labor will now be used for sales activity. So I'm very optimistic about what this -- the potential of this has for our company over the next 2 to 6, 7 quarters, very optimistic. Our warehouse and transportation group continues to work on automating their systems. We're within about 4 weeks of starting up our new automated warehouse here at the Winona facility, and that should not only shorten up our cycle times to produce the orders, but also lower our expense. And we have several other projects that we're working on for warehouse automation. The transportation group, the people that run all our entire fleet or direct our entire fleet, are a ways into a project trying to understand the use of compressed natural gas, CNG, to run our trucks off. And we've actually had some very good feedback, it's a small experiment with our branch vehicles, and now they have some semis coming in, some large vehicles coming in, and it has some real potential if it works out for the future. As an example, the semis that we're working on, we would save, on the average, between $1,500 and $2,000 per month in operating expense on those trucks after paying a higher price for the vehicle and the tanks. So it has some potential going forward to lower our expense. And as you know, transportation has always been a very big part of our business. So overall, I'm very positive about the future of things that we have going on, and we'll just have to work through this slower economic time and go from there. With that, I'll turn it over to Dan, and I thank you again for joining us today.
Daniel L. Florness: Thank you, Will, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us as well on our call. I'm going to touch on a handful of things in the press release just to highlight a few things that we believe are noteworthy. Let's start with the sequential trends on Page 3. If you look at the 3 years we have displayed there, it really is a story of 3 different years. If I look at 2010, from January to October, we were soundly beating the historical pattern about 60% to 70% of the time. February was what I'd call a setback month. And at June, our cumulative number was in line with history. We were beating it most of the time, we had a big setback month, but we were trending with history. 2011 was a little bit different story. From January to October, we actually we're beating, soundly beating the pattern a little bit less, about 50% or 60% of the time, but we didn't have any big setback months. And at the midpoint of the year, we were about 370 basis points ahead of what history says we should be building. And so we come into the year, we'd estimated we'd grow around 19 based on history. We ended up growing closer to 22 based on just having better momentum and better trends throughout the year and no big setback months. When I look at 2012, March was -- in the January to June time frame that we have history on, March was a huge beat. And April and June were essentially in line with our historical patterns. February and May were our setback months. And because of those 2 months, we're sitting there about 330 basis points behind our history. Those are just some of the things I guess to note when we look at the sequential patterns of our business. When I look at the second half of the year, the -- first some positives, then negatives. Positive, I think we have some nice built-up momentum with our vending machines that have been signed and are going to be installed, the ones that have been installed in the last 6 months, which are significant. And the headwind is the uncertainty about the economy and some of the things going on with our currency rates. One of the things we did see a change quite abruptly in the spring, and I mentioned it on Page 4 of the release, is on our production fastener side or on our fasteners in general. In the first quarter, that business was growing about 15.5%. In the second quarter, it dropped to just double-digits in April. It dropped down to about 6% in May and rebounded a bit to about 9% in June. But definitely, it has taken a step back. If you look at non-fastener areas, areas where most of our growth drivers are centered on, we're seeing, still, very strong results, still in the close to 20% neighborhood. The ISM index, I touched on that in the release as well, dropped just below 50 here in June. I believe that's the first reading below 50 since August of 2009, which was quite a long stretch. Growth drivers, as Will mentioned, continuing to make nice progress on those. One thing that I think is really noteworthy when you look at the vending stats is while we were seeing softening trends as we went through the second quarter, our vending numbers, the growth of our vending customers actually improved from Q1, where we grew at 33.9% with that subset of customers to Q2, where we grew at 34.3%. Which from a directional standpoint, I think that's a huge accomplishment, because these are larger customers where a lot of these vending machines are going and we're really demonstrating our ability to take market share at a faster pace in that subset of customers. Profit drivers on Page 8, a few things that I thought were noteworthy, we're often guilty a bit of beating ourselves up internally and externally a bit when some things aren't working as we think they could. A god example of that is our margin in the first quarter. We do this because we believe we fix stuff today, we don't just analyze and talk about it or, said another way, rationalize it. However, if I take a longer-term look at our business and look at first quarter of 2007, so the last quarter before we started the pathway to profit in the second quarter of 2012, our average store has gone from 72,000 a month to 89,000 per month. Our gross margin has increased from 51% to 51.6%, and our operating costs have improved through our pathway to profit and through our initiatives to improve our relative performance in each category or, said a much simpler way, we've increased the size of Fastenal by about 65% and we've doubled our profits. These are great long-term improvements, and we are all about long-term improvements. The other thing that I think is worthwhile to note, we probably are a little anal with some of our statistics we put in our press release. One of them is the table that shows our headcount numbers and our store numbers, et cetera, as we tried to demonstrate and to communicate what we're seeing on the pathway to profit. If you look at the FTE headcount growth in that table on Page 10, you would notice that since the first quarter of 2007, we've added about 3,700 FTEs to the business or an increase of about 38%. Of this, about 3,200 or about 87% of our increase are individuals that have direct contact with our customers, either in the store or a non-store selling role. We added another 235 people or about 6% into our distribution centers to support that 65% increase in sales. We added another 229 or about another 6% into our manufacturing centers, and about 40% of this came from our Holo-Krome acquisition back in 2009. And because of the efficiencies we've gained in our business in the support areas, we've added 27 FTEs or less than 1% of our headcount growth since the first quarter of 2007, have been in a role that doesn't directly relate to selling, moving product or manufacturing product that we sell. And I think that's a strong tribute to the individuals internally as well as the wisdom and the possibilities of our pathway to profit. And speaking of Holo-Krome, I thought I'd mention quickly that I had the opportunity here several months ago to go out, and one of our regional VPs, whose office are at [ph] -- out of Ohio, was having a district managers' meet there to get a view of the facility as well as have their district meeting, and I went out to speak to the group. One comment I'd make is, we've moved into a new manufacturing facility about several years ago. It was my first chance to see it. Very impressive facility, very impressive people I met that work in that facility, and my compliments to Tim and his team out there. Also, as noted in the table, we hit 22.2% operating margin. I don't know if that -- I think that's our best quarter we've ever had from an operating margin percent perspective. I'm sure if I'm wrong, somebody will call me later today and inform me, but very impressive. We had about an 80 basis point improvement from 2011, not the 100 basis points that we strive for, but I think very strong given that we moved our operating expenses below 30%. And that's a first as well, I believe, as Will mentioned earlier in the call. The gross margin on Page 10, as I mentioned, we kind of beat ourselves up on that a little bit, and that was our award in the first quarter. We aren't done yet, but I'm pleased with the progress we've seen in the second quarter. I'm also pleased, in general, when I look at the 22% pretax, the improvement in gross margin, the improvement in our business that we have experienced not only in the last year, but in the last 5, to personally be associated with an organization of this caliber. As mentioned in prior quarters, our exclusive brands continue to inch upward. Today, they are about 9.5% of our sales. A good piece of that is being driven by our vending solution. Operating and administrative expenses, we talk about the great thing we did with expense control. I think the story is often understated, because under the surface in those expenses, there are some things that are growing quite dramatically, but I see them as high-quality items of growth. 401(k) profit sharing contribution. We share a piece of our profits with our employees that participate either in our retirement programs throughout the company. Our profit-sharing contribution in the quarter grew 74% from the number a year ago. In fact, if you look at our profit sharing contribution calc for the second quarter, we're about 70% of our annual number of just 2 years ago in 2010. Also, in our occupancy, our vending machine cost more than doubled from a year ago because of the success we've seen with vending. Those are 2 items that are outgrowing the company, high-quality items, I might add. Finally, on the working capital side, all I can say is we had a nice improvement, and I credit that to our team in the field. They're doing a job of managing their working capital needs, both accounts receivable and inventory, which produced a very strong cash flow again as we go through the first 6 months of the year. Our expectation when we started pathway to profit was operational working capital -- excuse me, operational cash flow at 89% of earnings. I believe that range has really moved to 85% to 95%. Year-to-date, we're at about 90%. Net CapEx, we've really set our target number of that, it's about 25% of earnings. Year-to-date, we're at about 23%, which puts our free cash flow at about 66%, 67% of earnings. Not only a strong number given our range of estimating about 60% to 65%, but a very strong number when you consider the first half of the year is where we need the most working capital growth because of the seasonality in our business. I think that bodes well for our cash flow capabilities in the second half of the year. With that, I would turn it over to questions. As we have said -- asked in the past, please limit yourself to one question so we can get through the entire group of folks that get queued up. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just want to start off with June, maybe if you could just provide a little bit more color. How did the month end, does that tell you anything about activity levels and maybe talk about the strength and weaknesses either by end market or by geography?
Willard D. Oberton: June actually was a -- came in about where we thought it was. In the middle of the month, we had a little uptick and thought we might get closer to the 15%, 16%. But overall, it was a very predictable month, off from May and kind of an average growth as you saw in the sequential number. As far as the geography, there wasn't a lot of change. In May, we had more slowing, and up the Eastern Seaboard, most of those areas came back in June. It seems like it's just a step-down across the country. Even in the areas that we're doing so well earlier in the year, the oil patch from Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, their growth stepped down about equal to the rest of the company. The Midwest, where we've been strong, also saw a little bit, so I can't give you much help there. Industry-wise, Dan puts in his number, manufacturing, construction are -- so overall, it just seems like, and I think I've commented on this, the entire thing just stepped down a little bit. A little energy is like we let off the throttle for the economy. Even our international business is much slower than it was a year ago. Mexico, that has remained very strong for us, their growth was slightly lower than it had been in previous months, still well above the company, more than double the company. So it's hard to really pinpoint any one area that's slowed more than another. Dan?
Daniel L. Florness: I would agree.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just for my follow-up, on SG&A, I was also quite impressed with the control in the quarter. I'm wondering is 9% OpEx growth sustainable if you continue to grow in the mid-teens? Maybe just talk about the puts and takes there.
Daniel L. Florness: I mean, if you look at the nature of the items, the quality of our operating expenses, if you think of it that way, other seasonal things that help it or hurt it. On the first quarter, one of the questions I had going into the second quarter was, first quarter was helped in a meaningful fashion from the standpoint we had no winter, and natural gas prices had dropped. So we had some things in there that weren't necessarily sustainable on a sequential basis. When I look at our operating expenses in general today, there is nothing in there that is unusual in nature. So I think our ability to continue managing that at an extremely low level, like we did in this quarter, is fairly sustainable.
Willard D. Oberton: And some of the things I mentioned about the software, some of that will be coming through, and that helps the large stores more than anyone else by quite a margin. And if you look in our report, that is the group of stores that raised their profit and had the most impressive increase in their profitability, because we're making those stores more efficient. So we do have some upside there.
Operator: Our next question is from Holden Lewis of BB&T Capital Markets.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I'm just sort of curious, now that we've had kind of this step-down a bit in growth rates, your goal has been to expand your operating margin about 100 basis points a year going forward. Can you talk about whether or not the current level of growth is still consistent with 100 basis points of operating margin growth? And then maybe, also, sort of recognize that, that achievement is a series of things you're doing internally, can you talk about maybe some of the projects that are dropping off that have been successful and not successful and then those that are coming on? You alluded to sort of the software, the transportation issue. I'm just sort of curious about kind of how we're progressing through initiatives and stuff coming and going.
Daniel L. Florness: Okay. Well, the first thing, and I'll let Will touch on some of the initiative piece, but just from a mechanical, if you think about the math of our P&L, we still -- and this problem improves as we move forward. But I mean if you look at it, our gross margin was down 60 basis points, roughly, from a year ago. And in the first quarter, it was down 80 basis points from a year ago. So as we work in -- I'm not going to make predictions on what our gross margin's going to do or not, but if you think of the mechanics of what's happening in 2011, our gross margin was stepping down during the year. So our comps changed dramatically as we step through this year. And all of a sudden, all that headwind from gross margin dissipates as we get into the second half of the year. So that puts us in a position, if we're doing good job with operating expenses, to do a great job on raising operating margin. But Will, maybe you want to touch on a few of the initiatives.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, I think on the initiatives, you mentioned transportation, we continue to see improvement in our transportation. The first half of the year was a little tougher because fuel prices started out high, but we are making money on our transportation and we'll be, at least based on halfway through the year -- well, halfway through the year, we've already made more money on our freight program than we did the entire year of 2011, so well ahead there. The software things that I talked about are branch-based initiatives where it's just -- it's operational efficiencies and how we receive the product, pick the product, ship the product. So on the larger stores with higher volume, we are saving labor. I was in our largest facility on that trip to Wisconsin, and the manager there has had this system for about 3 to 4 months now. He said, "Well, I could not operate the business today without that." I suppose he'd figure it out, but that's his feeling, which was very positive. So there are a lot of things we're working on the vending software to streamline that process. It wasn't -- it wouldn't have been a real big deal when we had 500 or 1,000 machines, but now that we have 13,000 machines installed, we're going to -- by the end of the year, we could be close to 20,000 or probably should be close to 20,000. Those types of things really work and give us some efficiencies. We are, as an organization, we are very focused on making a more efficient business, a leaner business. So in the higher economy, we can use that to grow our sales faster and being leaner. In a slow economy, we can use it defensively to lower our costs and be a better competitor and more profitable.
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: This is Josh filling in for Sam. First, a bit of a modeling question. Do you think there was -- or can you give us a sense of any negative impact on July from the timing of the July 4th holiday being in the middle of the week?
Daniel L. Florness: I've chatted with a handful of our Regional Vice Presidents situated around North America just to see what kind of impact. If you think of last year, July 4th was on a Monday. The month started on a Friday, July 4th is on a Monday, that's about as a perfect alignment as you can get. This year, we have a few things going on. I believe we have an extra day in July this year, and the July 4th week falls -- the July 4th fell dead in the middle, so you have a couple of orphan days. What I was hearing from a lot of the folks is you had businesses that shut down in the first 2 days of the week and some businesses shut down the last 2 days of the week. I personally believe it takes a day to a day and a half out of the month, but time will tell how that plays out. As we look through the month, maybe Will has a different opinion. He might think I'm full of it.
Willard D. Oberton: No, I -- the timing couldn't have been any worse, and we'll just have to play it out. But on a positive note, it's early in the quarter. And so we have plenty of time to make up if we lose some ground.
Joshua Wilson: And then just looking at the spread between your vending growth rate and the company-wide growth rate seems to imply a fair amount of moderation in the non-vending customers. Is this entirely driven by moderation in the end markets? And do you think it -- the implied rate somewhere around 10% or 11% accurately reflects those markets?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I guess I'll answer it this way, and if you need a follow-up, I'll give you a follow-up on that. But I think it says more -- I think it understates the strength of vending in general, because if you notice -- one of the things we touched on was the slow-down in our fasteners. Our fasteners really aren't helped by our vending. Vending is really about the non-fastener side of the business. So I think the fastener business is doing what the fastener business will do right now because of what's happening in the economy. And the growth we're seeing is because of our ability to keep taking market share, but the economy has fallen back, in my opinion, on the fastener side. So I think it's more about that piece of the business. Clearly, our stores with fasteners grow faster than our -- with vending, grow faster than the stores without. In fact, I believe you look at our stores that -- Will, maybe you want to touch on.
Willard D. Oberton: If you look at the stores that have deployed 10 machines or more, those stores are growing at almost double the rate of their peer group. So there really is something. Now there's more to it than just vending, and it may be the better managers, people embracing different ideas, but there is a direct correlation. And also, to answer is 10%, 11% the right number? If the ISM is flat to down, it says that there is no growth, no underlying growth, so everything that we're getting is taking share. And taking share at that rate, at our size is probably still pretty good performance. What it really tells us is that we need initiatives to cover a broader base of our business, and that's what we're focusing on, saying, "Okay, vending is working well, government's working well, metalworking is working well. We just need more of those and figure out what are the best ones to continue our above average growth as an organization."
Operator: The next question is from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A similar question, I'm looking at the same data here and trying to figure out is there anything to the thought that your -- that customers that don't have vending, for whatever reason, are not getting the TLC they need and just not growing as fast? And then, Dan, to your comment on the fasteners, I guess the non-fastener-type products you're selling through vending seem to be doing better than your OEM or industrial-production-type products. Is there anything related to that? Is it customer mix or is that market -- I'm just trying to get underneath the growth rate here, because, again, I -- when we look at the overall deceleration that you saw here, it seems a little bit more severe than your comps or than what we're hearing out in the field, and I'm just trying to understand what you think is kind of behind that, the step-down in growth rate that you saw here relative to the world?
Willard D. Oberton: What I'm hearing talking to our people, and I have been out to see a handful of customers, is people are slowing down production at some level. If you look at the backlogs, the backlogs flattened out, a lot of them in April, March to May time frame. And what manufacturers typically do when their backlog quits building is they fall back on production so they can stretch that out, because you don't want to burn through your backlog and have nothing to do. And I really believe that's happening. A lot of the industrial areas in fasteners are production product. So it steps back just a little bit, and it doesn't take a lot, because understand that we're still growing that business. But if they're not growing or their production is slower than last year, you have to pick up a lot of additional business to make up for that. And it really is centered around that FAST production fastener business. I think it's slower than others maybe are seeing because we're more involved in that production.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up, is there any trend or type of customer that you're seeing that's adopting vending? Is it primarily the manufacturing sort of production type of customer or is it the opposite of that? Is vending more appropriate for other types of service businesses or those that aren't so manufacturing-focused? My guess is it's the former, but if you could -- if there's any trend there that you could talk about.
Willard D. Oberton: It's actually broad-based. We're seeing tremendous success in government accounts. A lot of big maintenance accounts, whether -- like food processing, things like that. Manufacturing is very strong. Energy being power plants, producers of energy. It is so broad-based, we just haven't seen an area that isn't working well when we present it right. The biggest hurdle that we have to overcome, and we're doing well with it, is finding the right person to sell to. Because in most cases, going to our everyday buyer that we call on isn't the right contact within the facility. And once we get to the right contact, it goes very well. But it's a very broad customer base. A lot of warehousing also. We've had some great success in big distribution operations, so pick back and ship operations for they're a necessary step.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Barry of UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I think last quarter, when you signed almost 5,000 vending machines, you thought that might be a little bit hard to sustain, but it looks like you even exceeded it a little bit. I was just wondering what had changed there and whether the right pace going forward can now actually be more in this 4,000 to 5,000 range than the 2,500 that you were originally targeting. And then also if you could comment on the mix of machines. I know that, originally, it was really focused on the FAST 5000, but you had the 3000 and the cutting tool machines, too. What are you seeing in terms of the other types of machines that you had introduced later?
Willard D. Oberton: As far as the beginning of your question, what has changed? Nothing has really changed. We just -- we had seen such rapid acceleration that we didn't want to -- we were hoping it would hold, we thought it would hold, but we didn't want to commit to that. As far as going forward, our goal for the year is 10,000 machines. We're comfortable we're going to exceed that, but we're not going to ratchet up the number externally, because it's still -- it's a tremendous amount of work, but we're optimistic that we can keep a fast pace. As far as the types of machines, the FAST 5000 is still the workhorse. We're signing more of those than all the other ones combined. The second machine that we're seeing tremendous success with is the lockers. We put out a new locker system that's actually standalone, which means it doesn't need to be driven off the brains of a FAST 5000 or the controller on a FAST 5000. And we cannot keep up with that machine. In fact, we would've installed several hundred more machines in the quarter if we would've had the machines to do it. The success is greater than we had estimated, but we're getting caught up. We believe we'll be caught up this quarter and moving forward. The cutting-tool machines are moving slower than we had hoped. We are signing lots of them, but not the numbers that we had hoped. And the FAST 3000 is moving out but also slower than I would have estimated. But that really -- whether that's a 3000 or a 5000, it really doesn't matter to us. And part of the reason I think that's moving slower is we're still very focused on the larger customers, and it's a machine that's designed for smaller customers with smaller usage. But as a group, we're not real concerned which machine is signed, we just want to get our footprint out there. We want to plant our flag in that account. And then for the most part, what we're seeing is the customers that have it are where a lot of our growth is coming from that are deploying more equipment in other plants. And so that's a very positive result that we're seeing.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The reason I asked about the mix is in part because I think that you require a different amount of incremental net revenue come to Fastenal based on the machine, right? I mean, so much that the lockers require -- is that also 2,000 a month a net new record?
Willard D. Oberton: The lockers, there is different configurations, but for the most part, it's about 1,500. There are several different configurations, but it's about 75% of how we're trying to model it, if you're trying to model it.
Operator: And the next question is from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Just to follow up on the vending question, it looks like it added maybe on a net basis 4 percentage points of growth with all of the machines that were contracted here in the first half of the year. How are you thinking about that contribution to sales growth in the back half of the year?
Willard D. Oberton: We think we should at least be able to maintain that level, possibly expand it. But the one thing that we have to caution on is whenever you put a tremendous amount of energy into one area, there is going to be some give, so it's not all incremental. Put a lot of energy into this, and I think maybe Dave mentioned is something else giving. We don't think we're not servicing the other customers. We may not be selling as hard to those other customers, because we're selling so hard to the vending customers. But as far as the contribution, we believe that we will increase our installs in the third quarter over the second quarter. We won't talk about the signings, but our installs should be up. And if that happens, then we should continue to drive the new revenue through those machines, because it continues to prove that, that works, and we see that in a very high percentage of the time. We have a lot of built-in sales growth.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: All right. And then, secondly, just on the gross margin, there were a couple of headwinds relative to the first quarter with -- the fastener mix was lower as a percent of revenues than we had in the first quarter, and the vending mix was higher, but you still got a little bit of gross margin expansion. I was wondering if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit more on why that played out and how you're thinking about at least the near-term direction of the gross margin rate.
Willard D. Oberton: It's really focus. We spend a lot of time focusing on it, looking at areas that maybe we weren't making as much money. And in some cases, you walk away, in some cases you raise the prices. But overall, we were pretty clear on that. In the first quarter we thought we'd been a little sloppy and maybe not as focused as we need to be. But you're right, there were some headwinds. But vending, overall, isn't a headwind unless it's being sold to larger customers. We don't see a step-down in the margin in vending just because it's vending. We see a step-down in margin because it's being vended to large customers that are typically lower-margin customers. We want to make that clear, because there seems to be a notion out there that if it goes through a vending machine, it's a lower gross margin. The same product to the same customer, doesn't really matter how we deliver it. It's about the customer. It's about the customer and the product delivered to that customer. And overall, from an operating margin standpoint, as we develop our processes for vending, although the gross margins may be lower to those customers, our operating margin should continue to improve because it's a far more efficient process. So we're looking at this as, long term, a big tailwind, not a big headwind.
Daniel L. Florness: It's a more efficient process, which is additive. But at the end of the day, that added sale increases the average size of our store, which increases our level of profits because of store mix. This adds to that.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. So it's a double win in that situation.
Operator: Our next question is from Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. First, you've talked a lot about SG&A. And again, I congratulate you as well on performance there. But could you talk about what your thought process in this slower growth environment is towards hiring the second half of the year?
Daniel L. Florness: As I mentioned in the release, our tone is cautious. If you think about where we're really adding heads, it's really in the sales part of the organization. And what we strive to do, if you think about the mechanics of the pathway to profit, as long as our labor growth on the store side of the business is running at 70% of the gross margin, running at 70% or better of the gross profit dollar growth, we leave our regionals alone and let them manage their business. But we really strive to have that -- and that's really a function of -- that's where the number should be just based on the fact that our average store size is growing and it's leveraging. And so for the areas of the business that are seeing good growth, whether it be because they're introducing vending or growing their government business or growing their metalworking or growing their fastener business, they will be adding people commensurate with that growth to service the need. On areas where we're not, we'll be managing it very tightly.
Willard D. Oberton: And on the support side, we'll be managing it very tightly, because we believe we can.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just my -- I guess, my follow-on question. Last year, you guys seemed to really have some breakthroughs in Europe and China and Latin America with some new locations. Just wondering if you give us a better flavor on both how the existing stores are doing internationally year-to-date and then maybe how much of these 53 locations opened up this year are non-North American locations?
Willard D. Oberton: Dan is looking for the number on what percentage are non-North American, and I can cover the first part of your question. We have seen a slowing in our international business. Some of that is FX. But also, we didn't do as good a job of signing new large accounts. Most of our international business is driven by large account signings, and we didn't have quite as many successes in the fourth and the first quarter, which slowed -- affected our second quarter growth. We do have a lot of good things going on. We've just signed a couple of nice large customers that will be coming on later this quarter, early fourth quarter, which will give us a boost. And so we're expecting the growth rates to come back. But it's always going to be more up and down in the rest of our business, because it's driven by a handful of large customers where those stores are. As far as new areas, we're just getting going in Brazil. It's taken us longer than we expected, it's a bureaucratic nightmare with the taxes and the things we have to do. But we are very optimistic about that area. And so overall, we still believe international is going to do well for us. On a very positive note with international, the profitability was up nicely in the second quarter. So although we didn't have quite as good a growth, the profit continued to grow at a very nice level even without the growth dollars that they were expecting.
Daniel L. Florness: I checked my -- and 14 of our 53 locations were international. That includes North America international, so Canada, Mexico, Latin America in general as well as Europe and Asia. So that's about -- so 26% of our openings year-to-date are international. So it's just over 2x the percent of our business, so that's about 11%, 12% of our business is international. We're at 9:46. I apologize to the group that we've gone a minute long. But just to wrap up by saying, again, thank you for participating on the call. We are pleased with the quarter. We have some concerns about the sales patterns, but that just means you manage the business in a different fashion. But very pleased with the improvements we saw on the gross margin and the operating expense side. Two sidebar notes, I always try to add something at the end of the call just to make -- [indiscernible], it'd be fun. When I read the headline, I have to say, I'm a glass half-full guy. When you read the headline in our quarter's release that, that headline says "Fastenal misses sales", that's a little frustrating, but that's just me venting. Secondly, for those of you in the for what it's worth department, I noticed yesterday in The Wall Street Journal my hometown of Ellsworth, Wisconsin made the Wall Street Journal because of their annual cheese curd festival. They are the cheese curd's capital of Wisconsin. If you ever need any, stop by Ellsworth. Thank you much. Have a good day.
Willard D. Oberton: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Now I'll turn the conference over to Ellen Trester of Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2012, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on our first quarter conference call. Starting out, I'd like to say that I believe it was a -- or I feel it was a good quarter. Our sales growth was right on plan.  Looking at our internal sales goals. In January, we're at 100.6% of goal; February, 98.8% of goal; and March, 101.3% of goal. So for the quarter, we're at 100.3% of goal. I'm not sure if it's good sales growth or good forecasting. But whatever, we're right on target this far into the year. I also take a look at the 2-year growth numbers because as we look at the sequential numbers, trying to understand what the patterns are, but sometimes it's easier to look at the 2-year. And if you look at the 2-year growth numbers that we put in the report and combine 2010 and 2011, there was 40.1% growth in January, 41.5% in February and 42.1% in March. So we continue to march forward and also show a very consistent growth.  The other reason I feel pretty good about the sales growth is if you look at the purchasing index that was also in the release, last year through the first 3 months, the average for the country, the U.S. market is at 59.8%, a very high rating. This year, still a good reading but it's down to 53.3%, so it's really 6.5 points lower. And we had similar -- our growth was off a little bit but very similar. So I think the initiatives we're putting in place are working well.  This week, I had the opportunity to visit -- this week, we're holding our customer show down in Indianapolis, where we bring in about 4,000 to 5,000 customers and 200 suppliers, and we let our customers visit our suppliers and the product. But anyway, that gave me the opportunity to visit with dozens of companies, both suppliers and our customers, also to speak with many of our managers. And the mood is very upbeat. So I was optimistic about that. Many of our customers believe they're going to have a good year, continue to have a good year. And many of the suppliers are hearing that not only from the Fastenal people, but also from other customers. So it was a very upbeat show and gave us a good feel for the next couple months. In the report, there was, I believe -- moving on, there's only one negative in our report this quarter, one major negative, and that was the margin. Spend a lot of time looking at the margin, trying to analyze what we're doing and what we need to do. And after spending a time analyzing it and discussing it with most of our sales leaders down in Indianapolis this week, the conclusion I came to, and I hate to say this, but my conclusion is that we've basically taken our eye off the ball a little bit working on other things. But after the discussions I had with the regionals, with our sales leader and our National Accounts sales leaders, I'm very confident that we know what we need to do, and we will see improvement in the second quarter. So we're going to work very hard on that.  We're not off a long ways. We're still on our range of between 51% and 53%. But as the competitive people that we are, we'd rather be in the high end of the range rather than the low end. So we're going to work very hard to move that up over the next 2 to 3 quarters and get into the upper end of our margin range. On the expense control side, I have to say the Fastenal team, the Blue Team, did a great job. Our expenses grew about 6 percentage points below sales, exactly what we needed to do. Labor grew a little faster than the other expenses, but that's -- some of that is planned. We did a lot of things, changing some pay programs, trying to make sure that we're taking care of our people, and it's working very well. So not a lot to say on expense control. Dan will probably touch more on that, but I'm really proud of what we were able to do on expense control. One other area that you may have noticed we had a little drop-off was the store profitability that we show on Page 7, where some of the store groups had lower profitability per size than they had in the previous year. And that's all explained in one word: margin. As we look at that, because margin was a little lower, the profitability per store size was a little lower. So if we can correct the margin or as we correct the margin problem, we'll also correct that problem. But overall, our pretax profit at 21%, I'm proud of the number. We only picked up 90 basis points from last year with our goal as 100, so we missed it by 1/10, but I'm very confident we'll get that back.  And the most positive thing on that chart on Page 7 is the number of stores that moved up a category. So we continue to do what we have laid out in 'pathway to profit', grow -- move the average store size up, the profitability goes up and the system continues to work. One area on the report that I'm also very happy about was the inventory control. We had stated in the fourth quarter call that we thought we could improve our turns. Through the quarter, we only added -- or we added less than $2 million in inventory. And so we've done a nice job both quarter to -- or sequentially through the quarter, but also year-over-year, a very nice job on inventory growth or controlling our inventory growth, deploying our assets in better ways. Talking -- switching gears a little bit, talking about the initiatives that we have, our sales initiatives. All of the initiatives -- I'm happy to report that all of our initiatives are going well. Our Government project that we started 2 years ago is ahead of plan from a standpoint of sales growth. We are fully staffed or, I mean, very few openings. We have the people in place that we need. We have the coverage in the states. Our WSCA contract, which is our big state contract, is going very well. It's at or ahead of plan, and some states are doing better than others. But overall, it's doing very well. And we feel very good about the knowledge that we're gaining through the people in the field.  5 years ago, we probably had 2 or 3 people in the company that had a real good knowledge of how to do this. Now we have a team of about 40. And I think we're just going to continue to gain traction on the Government business, mainly in the state areas where we're looking at other pieces of Government business as well.  Our Web sales continue to grow. That's been an initiative since really the end of 2010. We did well in 2011, but we continue to see traction in 2012. Buying off the Web is good for our customers. It's good for our stores also because it's more efficient; that continues to do well.  Metalworking. We're very happy with the results in metalworking. And at the show this week, I had the opportunity to visit with several of our large suppliers that just came on. And on a very positive note, they're happy with the results because that's one of the keys to making this work. We have to be able to sell -- grow fast enough to make the suppliers happy with the results, and that's going well. Our sales people that we've been hiring and training in the field are doing a nice job. We have about 52 people that are sales specialists just in metalworking. Our plan is to add another 10 as the year goes on or as we can find the right people to do that. But also the opportunity to speak with many customers who are looking at us for metalworking. And it appears or the theme was now there's another national player, there's another company I can look at to provide my metalworking supplies. And so we've had some very nice opportunities. It fits in well with our vending program, and so we're very optimistic about that for the future. It's a large market and there's good, tough competition in it, but we think we can continue to take share. And the main reason is because of the relationships we've developed with these customers over the years. We're not taking it out to new customers per se. It's really developed relationships that are looking for a possible alternative.  And our biggest initiative that we talked about is vending. And as you saw in the results, we had a great quarter. As I've been stating for the last 4 quarters, our goal would be to hit 2,500 machines for the quarter. We exceeded that by more than 2,000 at 4,500 machines. We installed more than 2,300 machines. And so we're moving along nicely. I am more convinced than ever that it's a long-term change in industrial distribution. Again, I keep talking about the show, but I just got back last night. I had the opportunity to speak with probably 20 to 30 customers that have deployed vending, and not one of them is disappointed with the results. They're all talking about the savings.  There's really 2 themes that come up from the customers. One is inventory control and how much time it saves them to not have to distribute the product, and the other is the consumption -- or the savings. But I think the biggest theme really is about the inventory control more than the savings. And it's just, it's there when we need it, and it's just out of sight, out of mind in a positive way. So we're working very hard on that and believe we'll continue to see good results going forward.  So overall, looking at the quarter, looking at the information, I'll put it down as a good quarter. If we had improved the margin, I would say it was a great quarter because everything else looks good. So we have some things to work on. We're focused on that. And hopefully, we'll see improvement this quarter.  With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan, and he'll give you some more detailed color on other things in the quarter. Thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. And thanks again for listening in on our call today. So one thing I wanted to touch on, most of you have probably noticed, changed the format of the earnings release a bit this quarter. I felt there was pieces of it that were getting a bit stale, removed out the explicit discussion of 'pathway to profit' and more integrated it just into the general layout of the earnings release. I know reading through a document written by an accountant can be painful. Hopefully, this makes it a little less painful this quarter.  One item on Page 3 that I thought was worthwhile to point out, and that's looking at the sequential trends of the business. And Will talked a bit about the year-over-year information. But one thing I think is worthwhile to note and added actually 3 years' worth of data rather than the typical 2 years' worth of data that we cover is a similar trend that we've seen the last several years, and that trend played out again this year in the first quarter, is actually from my perspective a little bit of softness in the January, February timeframe followed by a huge leap forward from February to March. We saw it in 2010, we saw it in 2011 and we saw it again here in 2012. And hopefully, that sets us up for continued nice performance as we go into the future, but it's an interesting dynamic to our business.  The March timeframe in each of the last 3 years, we've more than doubled the sequential norm of February to March gains in daily average. And I think it's worthwhile to note, especially when you look at the month of March because one thing that is noteworthy in our numbers as well is our construction numbers. And construction is roughly 20% of our business. Our construction numbers were actually a little bit weak in March. And my perception looking at the data is really that with the very mild winter, there was some work that moved into January and February that normally would have been in February and March. And I think it softened February a little bit, I think it softened March a little bit.  And I have some first-hand knowledge of this, only from the standpoint my wife and I had some work done on our home here last year. And I told the contractor, which -- this is always a dangerous thing to tell a contractor. I told the contractor, "I'm in no particular rush. So when you get a chance to fit it in, come back and finish the work." Because there were some stuff on our outside garage. Well, in early March, I got a call from my contractor, and he says, "Dan, I'm running a little low on work. I've got some time to finish that project up." I didn't think he'd get to it until late summer. So that tells me there's probably some truth to the fact some work got pushed up into the early part of the quarter and made the latter half a little bit softer.  As Will mentioned, ISM index, I think, continues to hold up well for us. It came in at 53.4% in March. When I look at the growth drivers that I talked about on Page 5, as Will mentioned, all of our areas are operating above plan. And when I look at the FAST Solutions in particular, we touched on it in our February sales release that we had exceeded our 2,500 number. As you see, we exceeded it soundly. But the other thing that jumped out for me was, it was the case of it was solid in all 3 months of the quarter. It wasn't a case of January was big because of a weaker December. It was solid in January, February and March and building. So very nice performance when I look at the vending for the quarter. The profit drivers on Pages 6 and 7. I don't recall us ever having a first quarter with 21% pretax, so it's a nice milestone mark for the organization. As Will touched on earlier, we did lose some of the, what I refer to as amplification effect on 'pathway to profit' with weaker gross margin, but it was  and so our relative profitability per group fell up a little bit from last year. It's still nicely above where it was in 2010. But our $150,000 store group did hold up and actually improved nicely. I believe they improved by about 90 basis points year-over-year, so continued to see some nice performance.  The other thing I think is worthwhile to note, when we started the 'pathway to profit' back in 2007, if you'd have told me that at some time in the future with an average store size of just over 86,000 that we'd be at 21% pretax, I would have given you a pretty skeptical look because I wouldn't have thought it was possible. And I think we've done a nice job with lowering our operating expenses during that timeframe and moving the mix but having nice profits with an average store size, which is still relatively small in the scheme of 'pathway to profit'. As Will touched on a few minutes ago, our only wart in this release from my perspective is our gross margin. We just aren't executing really well, very well in this regard, and -- but we've always said gross margin is all attitude, and we just need to develop some attitude. And I believe we have opportunity.  With that said, there are some positives when I look at components. Our exclusive brands, our private label, if you will, brands that we talked about in the past, a year ago that was at about 8.5% of our sales. Today, that is at 9.3%, so we continue to inch forward on that. Not moving as fast as we'd like, but still moving forward and improving the mix.  Operating and administrative expenses on Page 11. I'll just cut to the chase and say I think we did a -- we managed that well as we went into the first quarter, and I think we're poised well to go into second and third with a good position on operating expenses, get some lift in gross margin and we'll have some nice numbers.  The final item I'll point out is relating to working capital and cash flow on Page 13. Nice numbers. We did a nice job with both accounts receivable and inventory growth year-over-year. The challenging thing we've had the last several years on all fronts is the expansion of our large account business, the expansion of our international business, which is challenging with working capital because, especially on the international, we don't have the same distribution support that we have domestically or in North America, in general.  And finally, from a cash flow perspective, operating cash flow was 132% of earnings. About 40% of that comes from the fact we don't have any tax payments. So a 90%-plus number in the first quarter is extremely unusual because of the growth we need in accounts receivable because of the sequential increase in sales. So I think a great number from the standpoint of cash flow. We spent about 27% of earnings for CapEx, right in line with what we'd expected, so free cash flow of over 100% in the first quarter versus 68% a year ago.  With that, I will turn it over to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, are you currently taking orders for that half-sized vending unit? And if you could tell us what your vending installation capacity is today, I think initially it was about 3,000 units?
Willard D. Oberton: The answer to the first question is, yes, it's the Fast 3000, if anyone wants one. It's actually about 2/3 the size. And we're taking orders, it's going actually very well so far. And our capacity for installs is actually very scalable. I would say it's probably about 1,000 a month right now. But with the centers we put in, it's really just a matter of adding more people. And that's not been an issue because there's a lot of pretty basic workaround that we have good leaders in all the center. We can probably double that very quickly.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then quickly, I was wondering, just so we can get an understanding of these growth drivers and sort of the scale of them, could you give us what percentage of revenues approximately today are attributable to Government, cutting tools, international and Internet?
Willard D. Oberton: I can do some -- I have 3 out of 4 of those in my head and give you a good number. The metalworking, I'm not going to go in the order that you're in, is roughly 8% of our revenue today. The Internet business is at about -- also about the same. But understand the Internet business isn't different business, it's the same -- well, sometimes. It's a different channel for receiving business.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: For receiving the order. Got it.
Willard D. Oberton: Receiving the order, so many of the same customers. So I guess, that's always a clarification point, but about 8% of our orders. And that does not include our EDI, which if we added all the other electronic interchange on top of that, it would almost double. We look at it a little different than our competitors. So the one I don't have on the top of my head is Government because that's moving rapidly. I believe it's about 4%.
Daniel L. Florness: I was going to say, between 3.5% and 4%.
Willard D. Oberton: 4%. And what was the last one, Dave? I missed the fourth one.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: International sales?
Willard D. Oberton: International sales, yes, is running just over -- about 10.5% to 12%, 11% depending on the month.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And the vast majority of that Canada, anything  any number outside of North America?
Willard D. Oberton: Outside of North America -- well, outside of Canada, because Mexico we kind of look at as more truly international business, about 3% to 3.5% of our revenue comes outside of U.S. and Canada.
Daniel L. Florness: Actually in the quarter, it was almost 4%.
Willard D. Oberton: Almost 4%.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Just a follow-up on the vending question and the capacity to install the units. I guess, we're looking at the total cumulative contracts signed for just over 17,000 machines, and you've only installed like 9,800. And so there's always been somewhat of a lag. But I guess this is somewhat of a bigger lag than we've see in the past. And I'm just wondering, one, when should we start to see a catch-up of the contract signings? When will that get closer to the installs? And then secondly, the revenue that you're asking customers to step up with the extra couple thousand bucks a month, is that coming through as you had expected it? Or what have been the trends there?
Willard D. Oberton: I'll take the second question. I'll give Dan the first because he has better -- yes, the revenue is coming through. The trends have been that it's been running just above -- most of our machines is a FAST 5000. Our requirement on that is $2,000 a month. We've been running just above that number for the last 1.5 years. I was hoping it would be a little higher than that, it's in the 2,000 to 2,200, depending on any month that you look at.
Daniel L. Florness: The other part about the cumulative. It's probably worthwhile to point out, and we mentioned this last May at our investor conference, but I think it's worthwhile to point out. The data we disclosed -- keep in mind when we started disclosing this data, this is a new animal for us. And with a lot of information that we disclose, we have a very time-tested intuitive feel about how things will play out. When we look at that first number, the contracts signed during the period, and we look at 2 years ago, we're at 257. And that grew a year ago, we were at 1,400. Now we're at about 4,500. That is the raw number. That is the gross number of contracts signed. And there is always things that happen downstream that cause some of those not to be installed. It might be a case of the -- it gets delayed because the customer changes their mind or maybe the person that signed for it wasn't sure what they wanted and they pull back and maybe -- and it expires, and we don't actually install it. Over time, when I look at that first statistic, about 90% of those signings turn into a vending machine. And about 10% that contract signing expires, it might be subsequently signed as a new contract or maybe we get inertia going again 4 months later or 6 months later. But what we're trying to do on that first number is we're trying to just give you, "Here's a raw number of the contracts we signed that quarter." So when you add up all those raw numbers and compare that to what's actually installed, you're kind of comparing apples and oranges.
Willard D. Oberton: And to your question of when we will catch up, we'd like to say it should be a 60-day backlog. It's probably going to take 90 to 100 days on the average. And so if we continue to ramp up our signings, there's always going to be -- you can basically take the last 90 to 100 days of signings off of the cumulative number of installs and come with a pretty decent match, less than what Dan just described. But our goal -- so that being said, we really need to have installs this quarter and the second quarter well above 3,000, more in the 3,500 to 4,000 range to keep up with that track. So that's something you should pay attention, see if we can do that. But we do have the people in place to do it. It's really about the paperwork and moving it forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So let me start with the growth rate to customers with vending, which moderated to 34% this quarter, although still a healthy number. How should we think about that moderation? And then what should we expect going forward?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, I think the first thing to think about it is more of those customers are in their second and third year because that's cumulative customers. If we were to separate it out and say growth in customers that had vending for 12 months or less, it would be a much higher number. So that number will probably continue to moderate at some level. But without having experience in this, because this is a new initiative for us, it's really hard to say how it will play out. But we knew, and I think I've stated in other conference calls, that we were at 50%, we're not going to maintain that number as the tail gets longer.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: All right, that makes sense. Okay. And then second on the vending install number, which was incredibly strong, is this a level that we can extrapolate for the next few quarters? Or was there something unique this quarter that drove such a strong result?
Willard D. Oberton: On the install rate?
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes.
Willard D. Oberton: The install rate should go up. The install rate should...
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Oh, I'm sorry, the signings rate, Will. Sorry.
Willard D. Oberton: The signing rate?
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, we did put some incentives in place with our managers and our district managers. I think we explained that in the past. But those incentives are still in place, and they're still going strong. I don't know if we'll keep at this level, but we should be well above previous levels, meaning somewhere in between the 25% and the 45%, I guess, if I had to guess. But there's a lot of energy out there, and the customers that I had the opportunity to speak with, it was all positive. And so we're doing a lot of things well. So our goal for the year starting out was 10,000 machines, 2,500 a quarter. But right now, I feel very confident that we're going to exceed that probably pretty handily.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from Hamzah Mazari of Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question on vending again. Could you maybe talk about, as vending becomes a bigger part of your mix, what kind of margin dilution should one expect in the short term? And then also longer term, as you get up to speed on the learning curve, how should one think about the impact on margins longer term, both gross and operating margin?
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, on the gross margin, we really aren't seeing a deterioration from vending. Our vending business does run at a lower margin, but it's because it's running through larger customers. If you match the vending customers up -- well, actually what I do is I look at the customers' pre-vending and post-vending, and the margin really doesn't change. And so there's no change in the margin. If all of the vending -- we get a very high growth that's going to large customers, then we have to work on that. But that's actually a positive problem. As far as operating expense, the vending is going to be a more efficient business to serve. It's easier to -- there's just a lot less work in supplying the product through the vending machines.
Daniel L. Florness: Gives better visibility to need.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, the simple thing is for years, we've been out doing bin stocks at customers, where we drive out, we look at their supplies and we write down what they need or scan it with a handheld scanner. We go back to the store, spending thousands of hours every week and month doing that. With the vending machine, the Internet or -- the machine is doing that for us, sending it back over. All that time disappears, and we get better information. And that's just an example of how it works. So the more we get out there, the less labor it will take, the higher service level we will provide for our customers. So vending, from an operating profit standpoint, is a very positive. From a gross margin, it's neutral based on the same customer, same size.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up question. On the gross margin coming in lower than expectations, do you guys have a rough breakdown as to what the contributors were? How much was vendor incentive? How much was transactional or organizational in terms of negative contribution?
Daniel L. Florness: The drag was in the transactional side. On a sequential basis, our gross margin from a vendor incentive standpoint was up about 10 basis points. A little bit of improvement on our freight side, but that was offset somewhat because of fuel. I would have expected a little bit better improvement on the transportation side, absent the fuel situation. But our issue on a year-over-year basis that we continue to struggle with is just the day-to-day transactional side. It's pricing attitude.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, it's pricing attitude, and probably the biggest part is not keeping up with inflation. And there hasn't been a lot of inflation. But when you have a small amount of inflation, you don't keep up with the pricing. And it's funny to say, but it almost is easier when there's a lot of inflation because everybody jumps and goes. When it creeps in, a nickel at a time, and if you look at the margin, it's not like we're off 3 points, it's more like creep. And that's what we've identified as the biggest problem is we're taking 1% and 2% price increases and not passing those along here and there. But we've addressed it as I said and everyone is completely aware of what we need to do. We just have to get it done.
Operator: Your next question is from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Wanted to hit on the occupancy cost, which was a very pleasant surprise, particularly based on the amount of machines that you're looking at on the vending side. Can you give a sense of what the utility savings were in the quarter and how sustainable that leverage on the occupancy side might be over the next few quarters?
Daniel L. Florness: First off, if you look at it from the quarter, a meaningful impact because we are in the midst of heating season. And so from Q4 to Q1, there was about $1 million increase in occupancy. It should have been more like $2.5 million. If I look at it from the standpoint of vending, that number has increased meaningfully. But it's still a smaller component of overall occupancy. And then the final piece, as it relates to locations, we are -- our growth in occupancy related to locations is half the rate of growth from store openings. So we continue to find ways to improve our leverage there from both a percentage of sales standpoint and just an absolute dollar standpoint. And that piece is sustainable as we go through the year. Some of the benefit that we had -- we're not heating in April and March. So the fact that natural gas prices are lower becomes much less meaningful because we use some propane in our forklifts, but that's a relatively small dollar.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then if I could just follow up on the gross margin question from the last questioner, you mentioned the pricing attitude, Dan. Was pricing off on a year-on-year basis? Or was pricing up but not nearly to the extent that your own costs were rising?
Willard D. Oberton: It was the second. Our pricing is up but not as much as our own cost. And if pricing isn't up a lot and our costs aren't up a lot, like I said, that's the difficult part is it's not coming in, in big chunks. It kind of just slides in. That's 1%, let it go. Well, that adds up. So pricing is up, just didn't cover the costs.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is there a particular either line of products or end market where the pricing discipline needs to be firmed up a little bit more?
Willard D. Oberton: No, there really isn't. It's somewhat across the boards. And we've done a lot of -- we've spent basically the last 2 weeks analyzing it or last month actually. We really have a good handle on where it is. And I had an opportunity, as I said, to speak with our regional vice presidents. They're really the ones in the field who handle it and our National Account leads. So I've been with both of them the last week. And everyone's very clear on what we need to do and how important it is. And you have to understand we have one big thing going for us, and that's pay programs. Margin is a big part, our gross profit is a big part of how we get paid, all of us. And most of the people were disciplined, no matter -- even though we had a good quarter, many of us, our bonuses were down; many of our regionals, their bonuses there down.
Daniel L. Florness: And district managers.
Willard D. Oberton: And district managers. And so there are a bunch of people going, "Man, I worked very hard. I grew my business 20% and the company paid me less." They're not mad at the company. They're kicking themselves in the butt, the same as Dan and I are. And so that's a -- most people don't understand of what a motivator that is, but it really works in our system. And I made a point this week of asking everyone how happy they were with their bonus, and there weren't many positives in that conversation. So we're pointing that out, and I think we'll see some results.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And so there's absolutely no relation between the need for more discipline and the amount of machines that are getting signed up, meaning that you're not looking to give discounts to incentivize customers to take on the extra machine?
Daniel L. Florness: You mean the vending side?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Daniel L. Florness: The vending business and its impact on our overall numbers and what it means to our gross margin at this stage of the game is negligible. This has absolutely nothing to do with vending signings. This is our business outside of vending. And we're not keeping up with where we need to be at in managing our sale price and our cost. And that's where we're getting the squeeze. Vending is absolutely no part of this.
Willard D. Oberton: And the vending is neutral on our margin. The customers' margin today that have deployed vending, if you take the entire list and add it up, there's been no change in those customers' margin. There's been great growth, as we showed, 34%. But the margin hasn't changed in that group of customers over that period.
Daniel L. Florness: And keep in mind the vending business, it's 18% -- the customer is representing 18% of our sales and it's about 20% of those sales that are actually going through the vending machine.
Willard D. Oberton: 3% to 4%.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, it's 3.5%. And that doesn't move the needle on the other 96%, 97%.
Operator: And your next question is from Robert Barry of UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple things. One is I wanted to follow up on your commentary on the sales trends. And I hear you, Dan, on potential for some redistribution of the nonres activity within the quarter. But I think if you look at October versus the growth rate through the first 3 months, it looks like you're still a little softer this year than you have been over the past few years despite the resurgence in March. So I'm just wondering if you can comment on the end markets. I mean, you did mention that the ISM is a little bit lower than last year. But just in general, I mean do you think things are a little softer in the underlying end markets?
Daniel L. Florness: I think if you looked at the -- kind of an October -- and hopefully, the facts don't refute what I'm saying here, I'm  this is a little bit from the hip. But I think if you look at the October to March timeframe and look at sequential patterns, I think you see in all the years in question, this year, last year, year before, that a general softness that was there through February and then you saw a big pickup in March. So I guess, I don't know that I agree with the comment that from October of last year to March it's weaker. Now maybe the facts, if you actually laid it out in front of you, maybe it is nominally weaker. But I guess, in my mind, that doesn't really stand out too dramatically.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. Yes, I think it is nominally. Fair enough. I was just wondering if you were actually seeing anything in the end markets.
Daniel L. Florness: I don't think so.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then I just wanted to follow up on this market size number that you put in the release of $160 billion. I've actually been getting a fair number of questions about it recently, maybe you have as well. I'm just curious what your confidence is around that number, kind of where it comes from, how you derive it. These numbers have gotten tossed around among the distributors for a little while, I think in the past, they've been more like $140 billion to $150 billion. So just any comments on that, I'd be curious to hear.
Daniel L. Florness: No, I mean, that's a number that we've used in a somewhat generic fashion for the better part of the decade. And in fact, if you went back 8, 10 years ago and you looked at discussions or presentations of Fastenal and some of its peers, we were usually the low number for sizing the market with our $160 billion number. A lot of our competitors used numbers that were more in the $250 billion to $300 billion neighborhood, maybe even a little bit higher than that. And I think generally speaking, when you see presentations today or heard discussions, the market is typically sized to that. Now with that said, there's a piece of that market that we don't believe is readily addressable to us today. And I think the piece that we think is readily addressable that we're highly confident goes through distribution and represents products that we have a very good knowledge of
Willard D. Oberton: And we can make margin on them.
Daniel L. Florness: And we can make margin on them, that number's probably closer to $110 billion, $120 billion because there's some business that -- as Will mentioned, there's some business we're not interested in because the marketplace doesn't pay for a level of service or even a level of distribution. And that's business that probably should go direct or be sold by somebody other than Fastenal.
Willard D. Oberton: And I've used the $140 billion to $160 billion number for years. But to be honest with you, considering we're at roughly $3 billion, there's so much in front of us. We don't spend a tremendous amount of time looking at even thinking about that because the next $10 billion we find is there. And there's so much headroom in our business. And I keep referring back to the show, but when you go and you have the opportunity to see the customers and listen to them, foreseeably in our lifetime, there's a lot ahead of us.
Daniel L. Florness: And I think that's true if you sat down and looked at some of our more established regions and look at the rate at which they grow. Our Winona region, which is Minnesota, Wisconsin, Dakotas, Iowa, Northern Illinois, that grows very attractively year-over-year mid- to upper-teens or better, depending on the quarter. So when you look at that and say, a business that's been established now for 40-plus years and continues to grow at that kind of rate. And I think it's evident also when you look at the stats we put out on our 5-plus-year-old stores and quarterly on our 10-plus-year-old stores. The fact that we have 5-year-old stores that grow at mid-teens, 5-year-plus stores growing at mid-teens tells me there's a ton of market out there.
Operator: There are no more questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
Daniel L. Florness: Again, we'd like to thank everybody for participating in today's call. Hope this, combined with the release, is informative of how our business is progressing. And we're very optimistic as we look forward into 2012. Have a good day, everybody.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Quarterly Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ellen Trester, with Investor Relations.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2011 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 1, 2012, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause material results to differ -- results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're proud to announce another good quarter. In fact, it's our seventh quarter in a row where we've had EPS growth north of 30%. We're very proud of that. It's also our second year in a row that we've had EPS growth north of 30%. So we're feeling good about the accomplishments that the team has done, and I want to thank all the Fastenal people for a hard -- a job well done. For the quarter, our sales -- we had a very good quarter for sales, coming in about the same as third quarter. And I guess the way I would describe our sales over the last 6 quarters is very consistent. If you look at it, we've been in that 20% to 22% range almost every month for the past 18 months. So they've done a nice job with just growing it consistently over a long period of time. December, a little bit of color on December. December was actually, in my view, a better month than we reported, at just over 21%, because we had a very strong first 3 weeks and then we slowed down for the holidays. And my own personal opinion is, every year, it seems like holidays become longer or businesses take more time off if you look at the Fourth of July and different holidays. It's probably just a cultural thing. But it's very hard to read looking at the month, but the positive is we came into the month strong and had a great 3 weeks, which led us to still having a good month even with a disappointing finish. On the margin side, we did take a dip in the margin. As you see, reporting 51.2%, still within our range of 51% to 53%. I guess, and I'd look at the numbers closely to -- things just didn't line up for us. There was some seasonal things, there -- a little bit of pressure from mix, but overall it was a disappointing quarter on margin, but we're still very comfortable with our range and believe that some of it will snap back in the first quarter. But Dan will also give more color on the pieces of where our margin deteriorated some. Earnings standpoint. I really feel comfortable with what we did there, nice earnings growth, and I'm very proud of the fact that we reported pretax of 20.2%. That's the first time in our history that we've ever had pretax above 20% in the fourth quarter, so that was a good achievement. For the year, our pretax came in at 20.8%, the first time that we've been over 20% in actually more than 15 years. We were there in 1995. So another good accomplishment, I think, and it just shows that the power of our 'pathway to profit' is working and we're still able to get the good growth. So we're very happy with that. From an expense standpoint, it's kind of a tale of 2 -- or there's 2 stories here. On the non-payroll expenses, which make up about 1/3 of our SG&A, we did a great job. Those expenses grew, for the quarter, in the low to mid-single digits, and for the year, very similar numbers. The payroll on the other hand grew faster. For the quarter, our payroll grew 16%. For the year, it grew just under 21%. I believe it was 20.9%, which was a little higher than we had expected. So we do have some work to do on payroll. On a positive note there, because of the -- what is normally cutter sales in the first quarter, we can work that through very quickly and feel that we're going to see leverage in 2012. But we talked to all our people about it, we understand where it's going. And some of it is make-up from the slowdown or lower bonuses in 2010, but some of it is we just have to pay a little closer attention. And the way we do it here is we tell you what we think, where we have to work on, and we're comfortable that we can correct that situation very quickly. Vending. Vending was a little slower than we had expected. But we actually -- vending was very similar to what I've described December. We had 2 good months, October and November, and then December kind of fell on its face with vending. And did not surprise us because it's very hard to get people to make decisions and sign contracts at the end of the year and around the holidays. So we're not at all discouraged by it. We knew it would be a tough quarter with December in there. But from an overall standpoint, with industrial vending, the concept and the long-term opportunities continue to look better every day. And as we study the results, we look at all the things that are going on, the opportunities that are out there, we are more excited about what it could do for Fastenal over the next several years than we've ever been.  Structurally, we are very well positioned with our store network, with our distribution and with our large workforce in the field out in these small communities. We're very, very well positioned to service this business and should work well for us. And the thing I'd like to say when I talk to people who don't really understand the concept and they're trying to understand what we're doing, very -- there's a note on my desk, a little -- it's like a fortune cookie sign, it's been on my computer for about 10 or 15 years. And what it says is, "The best way to sell is make it convenient to buy." And I always remind myself of that and that's really the essence of vending. Vending is a more convenient way for our customers to buy product from Fastenal. And if we can make things more convenient and more efficient, we believe we will sell more product and it will give us long-term growth opportunities, and that's why we're so heavily invested in this project and we're so bullish on it whenever we talk to the investment community, the customer community, the supplier community and any other community that's willing to listen to us about this prospect. So very, very positive on vending and believe that -- have a long run there. So overall, I believe Fastenal had a very good year. We had a very good -- excuse me, we had a very good quarter and we had a very good year. And we believe, with the strength we saw in the fourth quarter in our sales, we're well positioned to launch the business into 2012 and hopefully maintain our string of north of 30% EPS growth in quarters to come. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan. Dan will give you some more color and then we'll open it up for questions. Thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for participating on our call today. Before I start, I'm going to touch on one housekeeping note, and that is related to a change we plan to do next quarters -- for our first quarter release, so that would be our release scheduled in April.  What we have done over the last, gosh -- most of our public life is that before market opens, at 7:00 in the morning Central Time approximately, we publish -- we publicly release our earnings for the previous quarter. And one thing I've learned over time is that you always keep your ears open for suggested improvements or changes that you could make that maybe improve the process. Something we're going to try in April, and in our scheduled conference call is for Thursday, April 19, I believe I wrote that date down correctly, and -- or April 12, excuse me. But instead of releasing at 7:00 in the morning, before market opens, we're going to release the evening before. Typically, the way our process works currently is that we will queue up all of our documents for release somewhere between 7 and 8 p.m. in the evening and schedule them to come out the following morning. We're going to queue them up between 7 and 8 as we've done in the past, go through our normal process, but make them immediately available. We believe that will help inform the marketplace, the analyst community and the marketplace in general on our quarter; and will add to the quality of this earnings call, potentially some of the questions; and also help with the dissemination of information. So that will be a change. We'll try it next quarter. We'll do it for this year, and we'll see how it goes and continue to try to improve the process of communicating with The Street. I will echo some comments that Will made and delve a little deeper on a couple of them. This morning at 7:00, I had my typical call with our Regional Vice President. It's basically -- it's our group of leaders, our regional CEOs if you will, that manage our business and are a large part of the success behind our business. And some of the messages I've shared with them, first and foremost, was nice quarter, nice year. And we did a really nice job in a lot of fronts and like always, we identified the things that we did well, we identified the things that we can improve on, and we'll work on those as we move into 2012. As Will mentioned, and I would echo the comment, continue to be impressed by our top line performance. As all of you know, over the last several years, especially in the bottom of the 2009 dip, tried to do a lot of things to try to look at our seasonal trend patterns, to try to really understand and communicate what our business normally does, and we used that '98 to 2003 as a benchmark for that. If you look at the chart we published in our press release and in our quarterly documents, you can see that we have soundly been at or above that trend line now for both 2010 and 2011. So it's not about the recovery or easy comps or hard comps or all that kind of stuff you can talk about. It's really what happened from June to July, July to August, August to September. Are we building the fundamentals of our business every day to launch us into the next year? And that's the secret of Fastenal's top line growth for the last 40 years, is we build a little bit more everyday and we step higher.  And when I look at that, we continue to handily outperform those numbers, which makes me feel very good as we go on into 2012. And as you see in the ISM numbers, they continue to support what we're doing, and we feel very good going into the new year.  On the expense side, Will touched on both the labor and the nonlabor side. I'll add a few more tidbits to the nonlabor side. If I look at 2009, 2010 and 2011, our total operating expenses have gone from 35.6% of sales in 2009, granted that was a high number because of the recession, to 32.8% in 2010 and 31.1% in 2011. So we dropped 450 basis points in 2009. Probably the more meaningful comparison is we dropped 170 from 2010, 2011, because 2010 was a good number. If I look at that, we've always talked about labor being about 70% of operating expenses, labor and labor-related. So payroll, health care, school business, those types of expenses, versus all the other expenses. Our occupancy, our store fleet, our gasoline going into that fleet, all the expenses we have to operate our business day in and day out. That represents about 30% of our operating expenses. That 30% piece has performed so well in the last 2 years that 80% of our improvements in operating expenses have come there. And a big piece of that would be on the occupancy side, and that's 'pathway to profit'. It's not complicated math, it's just we're leveraging our store base.  When I look at that, the good news, good news in that story is we've done a great job with that component. And I think we're poised really well coming into 2012 to have another piece, a big piece of our operating expenses, that we can leverage quite attractively, and we've jumped on that midway through the fourth quarter to really go into the new year and attack that well. And with the rising sales and gross profit dollars because seasonality of our business, it poises us well for 2012.  The other thing that I think is real compelling when I look at that, the non-payroll piece, is that non-payroll piece also contains all of our vending expenses. So we've gone from 567 units in service at the end of 2009, or said another way, the start of 2010, to almost 7,500 machines in service at the end of 2011, a thirteen-fold increase. And all those expenses have been absorbed in an area where we saw great leverage in our P&L, frankly [ph] everything else, but even better. And I don't want that to be lost in the whole message. Speaking of vending, there is one clarification I do want to make when I look at the information we've released, and this is on top of Page 6 of our earnings release. In there, we have a table of information, and that table goes through -- and it talks about the number of machines we added, that we signed contracts on during the quarter. That's to try to give you a current touch on what activity is happening, of machines that will go online today and in the future and what those trends look like: The cumulative machines installed, so how many machines did we end up each quarter with, the machines in service; the percent of total sales to vending customers, so that's customers -- total sales for that customer group, both vended and non-vended dollars so we can measure the impact of it, how big that business is; and then the final is what's happening with that business, how fast is it growing.  If you take a good close look at some of the numbers compared to prior quarters, you'll see some slight changes in the numbers. Really what's happened is we've -- as vending ramped up, we were compiling a lot of that information in a very manual process. We've migrated now to a more automated platform. Decided that -- we took another look at the data, and we slightly modified the field of definitions. The first group, any changes there would just be cleaned up and the changes are very modest. The second group, you would see some changes. Really, what happened was a definitional change. Instead of the number of machines installed and scheduled at the end of the quarter, it is now very clean number. It's the number of machines installed and producing revenue at the end of the quarter, which I think is a cleaner number. None of it changes the trends, but whenever you see numbers that change, I think it's worthwhile pointing it out. The third category, slight changes, very modest. The fourth category, if you look at Q2 and Q3, instead of growth in the upper 40s, it's growth in the lower 40s. Still a very attractive number but slightly lower than what we previously reported, and I wanted to point that out in the release. My take, when I look at all 4 sets of data, unbelievable numbers and doesn't change my opinion, it only enhances our opinion of vending as we go into 2012 and the future. I think it's a very compelling growth component to our business, one of many. The -- as always, as I mentioned earlier, we talk internally and we talk externally about the good things in our business and some of the things that were proved more challenging or maybe the work side of the business, if you will. Two things jump out in my mind when I look at 2011, particularly fourth quarter. Our gross margin did drop about 70 basis points from 51.9% to 51.2%. Hopefully, the narrative I put in the release helps to explain the sum. I will provide a little more insight.  Historically, we talk about the transactional piece of our gross margin, the organizational piece of our gross margin and the vendor incentive. And the transactional is about things we do every day, day in and day out. Organizational is more about leveraging our trucking network, as well as our ability to source products domestically and globally, using tremendous volume capabilities to buy, as well as a dedicated focus to improve our source of supply. And the third, vendor incentive, while it's a smaller component of the gross margin, it's a piece that can move around some. So that's why we mention it periodically.  If I look at those 3 pieces and I take even a deeper dive into some components, one component of the transactional and organizational, it crosses actually a little bit of both, is the freight side. How are we utilizing our trucks, how are we doing charging freight, how we are doing with our -- how much LTL shipping are we doing because we don't have volume on certain lanes, et cetera. And Will touched on this earlier but when I look at that piece, one thing you see -- whenever you're predicting numbers coming into a quarter or looking at a year or you're looking at what you think you can do, you always have kind of a mind of where those pieces are. And one piece is going to be higher, one piece is going to be lower, and that's just life. What we really saw in the fourth quarter is, directionally, they all moved the same direction. We gave up 6 basis points here, we gave up 7 basis points there, 12 in another spot, 15 in another. If I look at all those pieces, we gave up about 40 basis points. Now a piece of that, about 1/3 of that, ends up being in our ending inventory. So it doesn't hit the P&L because it's capitalized in the inventory. But most of that, 25, 27 basis points does impact our gross margin in the fourth quarter. A second piece and an almost equal size is the rebate number does fluctuate a bit from quarter-to-quarter. Typically, in the fourth quarter, you have some true-ups. It might increase the number slightly, it might lower the numbers slightly because trueing up, most programs are calendar based. Gave up about 25 basis points there.  That's the bad news. The good news is when I look at those pieces, that is a seasonal piece of our business and now the freight piece, we got to do some hard work to improve those. Some of it occurs naturally because we better leverage our trucking network. Our trucks have more product on them. So our relative cost is lower. Some of it takes -- sometimes taking a good hard look at it, kicking a few people in the butt, including ourselves, and saying we need to be better at this as we go into the new year.  The last piece I'll touch on is what we talked about our organizational gross profit. Gave up a little bit in the quarter. That always moves around a bit from quarter-to-quarter, some natural gives and takes. Things that we're doing to exclusive brands tend to improve that number over time. Our large national account program tends to erode a little bit of that number. The real case is managing the mix over time to constantly improve it.  Long story short, gave up some gross margin in the fourth quarter. I believe we're poised well as we go into 2012. So the last one is on the working capital. We continue to improve our working capital. That's part of the 'pathway to profit.' Our inventory utilization should improve over time. My issue there is we're just not making fast enough progress and that's something we'll work on.  Our internal calculation really looks at the ending inventory and looks back in time against cost of goods to comp with the days of inventory and days that they are on hand. So how much working capital. Our business, as everybody on this call knows, historically uses quite a bit of working capital but we get great returns on that working capital, so we can afford it. But we operate in that 220, 225 days of working capital neighborhood when you combine the 2 together. Our challenge is how do we get to that sub-200, down in the 185, 190 neighborhood and how long does it take us to get there. Not to say we can't improve beyond that, but you always have shorter and longer-term goals. We made about 8 days of improvement from last year. That should have been twice that number. So that's our challenge for 2012, is continuing to improve those days and do what we think we should do, not what we did in 2011. So I think we have good opportunity there, and that just enhances our cash flow and our ability to get returns as we go forward. I believe our operating margin and our pretax margin will continue to improve if we can improve the relative performance of our working capital. It's a great one-two punch.  With that, I will stop talking, and we'll open up for some questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So my first question has to do with your sales outlook for 2012. I guess, in your view, is this another year we could do 15% to 20% top line growth, given the many initiatives you have working?
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, Ryan, as you know, we don't give guidance, but if you look at our sequential pattern, historical patterns for the first half of the year, which is pretty well mapped out, we should be able to do the high teens if not better. But we're comfortable, 15% to 20%, we're very comfortable saying we should be at that or maybe a little better.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then secondly, the vending initiative was a major success this year and from what I hear, there's a lot of momentum heading into 2012. Are there any tweaks or changes you have made that should make 2012 potentially a better year for vending? I think, in the last call, you mentioned new software that could increase efficiency.
Willard D. Oberton: There's actually -- we could talk all day, but I'll just give you 2 of them. One is we are developing new software and we're testing it in 2 districts, so probably 25 stores, and the feedback has been huge. The estimate is that it could save up to an hour per machine per day -- or excuse me, per week. So you look at that and you're -- it's $4 per machine out there in labor savings just because of the software. Just streamlines the flow of the product and the invoicing. Great opportunity to save some dollars and some time. The second is we implemented or introduced a vending incentive to give our store managers, district managers and all of our outside sales people a meaningful opportunity to make more money if they sell a certain number of machines. What we're really doing we're trying to buy their time. They're getting pulled in a hundred different directions and this is a way for us to get them more focused, and believe it will give us a little boost going into the new year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just lastly, it sounds like 2,500 machines signs per quarter is a reasonable target at some point next year.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, we're still very comfortable with that goal.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, on the gross margin. I guess, given that some of these seasonal factors might abate, would it be safe to say you'd expect gross margin to be roughly the same range next year? And the reason I asked the questions is we've heard that steel carbon rod is down about 10% in the last 6 months, and I'm just wondering what your expectations are in terms of fastener pricing and then other finished goods pricing.
Willard D. Oberton: On the fastener pricing, we haven't heard much yet. We believe that -- it's also saying that iron ore's going to be down. So there could be a little deflation on the fasteners next year, but we historically have been pretty good at keeping that, not having to pass as much of it along. But right now, we haven't seen anything from our suppliers. We haven't seen pressure from our customers to push it down or to pass it along our suppliers to give it to us. So it's a pretty long-cycle thing from ore all the way to a processed fastener. But as far as your question on our margin range, we state 51% to 53% this year. We came -- for the last 2 years, we've been right at 51.8%, and I think that's a good number for 2012. Looking at it right now, we're 10 days into the year -- or 12 days.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just on vending, and we've looked at this, we have asked on this, but I'm interested in hearing your view on it. As you look at the trade-off of vending relative to outside selling sales force or other opportunities, you might have new store openings, et cetera. Do you have an idea of what incremental growth you're driving today from vending? I guess you can look at it in a vacuum, but you have to consider that you're also offsetting that by not pursuing other growth avenues. Do you have an estimate for what you think, just incremental growth from vending alone is generating today?
Willard D. Oberton: We don't have an exact number because it blends in with the store, but the trade-off is actually very small because the more our people are out selling vending, the key to that sentence is about selling. And so they make hundreds of calls to sell 1 or 2 machines or dozens. It's a small ratio. And the more we keep them out selling, the overall business benefits. And I've actually talked to our managers about this recently, if they were to sell 1 machine per month -- and this is the group last week, 25 managers, I said if you were to sign 1 machine per month, how many days per month would it disrupt your business? And the answer from the group was 1 day, it takes one day to install it. So they have 19 to 20 days to go out and sell everything else. If we could sell 1 machine per month per store, you can do the math and see what it would do for us. It would be -- and I'm not saying we would. But it's a very small disruption for the gain. And we are going to continue to open stores. It's not a 1:1 trade, it's probably a 9:1 positive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here, again regarding the vending and sort of trying to get a little bit deeper into the data here. What percentage, or ballpark, of your installed machines are going into customers who never before used vending solutions as opposed to machines going into customers that are rolling out vending, of machines, into more of their own locations?
Willard D. Oberton: Okay. What is added on to -- I think if I -- the majority of our machines today are going into customers that have never had vending through Fastenal or probably in most cases never had vending. There is a number of the machines that are going into existing customers that signed up a year ago and they want more, but I actually don't have a breakout on that. But still the majority of them are new signings. I would say at least 70%. But the importance, I think, in that question is that as we sign up more customers -- I looked at our top 100 list at the end of the year, of customers with -- number of machines per customer, and going through it and adding up in my head, I think that we're probably less than 10% penetrated into these customers, many of them big Fortune companies. We're just planting seeds is the way I look at it. So I hope the ratio changes with growth if they're going into customers that already have it.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And that leads me perfectly to my next question then. So I mean, it looks like your average sales per -- your vending customer is on average maybe 8 to 10x the size of your average customer across the whole network and obviously growing much, much faster, 2 or 3x the rate of the overall company. You get a sense of how many of those types of customers that you have of that size and of that ilk, we can get a sense of what the, at least, the low-hanging fruit might be.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, here's one way to think about it, Sam. We've often talked about our average -- the proverbial average store, that $83,000, $84,000 a month store. It's top 10 customers represent about 65% of sales in that store and the other 1/3 of the customers represent about 25%, and then there's some cash business on the tail end, so retail business. And one way I think about it, real simplistically, if I think that we have 2,600 stores times the top 10 customers per store, there's a group of 26,000 customers. And some of those customers -- that's based on account numbers, so you might have some replication in a given store. But you essentially have 26,000 customers in our business that represent a big percentage of our business and are very prime candidates for vending. As we develop the additional machines over time, that's where you start to scratch your head and you wonder how deep in the organization you can go with what size of customer. And I guess I would say a lot of those 90% that are smaller customers are smaller customers because we don't do that much business with them today. They don't have smaller potential.
Willard D. Oberton: I think I'll add one point, and that's the 26,000 customers we sell to does not include all the potentials that are not buying from us today, which is a much greater number.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then the last question as it relates to vending. Obviously, the productivity per machine is down but that's understandable because of the amount of machines that you're installing. Are you seeing the sales growth in like machines accelerate? And then the machines that have been installed for at least a year, the volumes through those particular machines, the growth is accelerating?
Daniel L. Florness: We are, and some of that comes from the fact that, you get 6 months into heavy machine, 3 months into heavy machine, you're always challenging what's in that machine from a SKU basis. To say, is that the right fit for this customer because what kind of velocity are you getting from SKU to SKU. And then in the next 6 to 12 months, you're always fine-tuning that, and then if you're introducing additional machines, you're still fine-tuning that. So we are seeing growth in it. But what I can't tell you, when you get into that second and third year, what happens. Because when you get to fine-tuning in there, it's in there, plus we just don't have enough machines with history.
Willard D. Oberton: Understand, 70% of our installed base has been in the last 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I guess just a clarification first, of the 16% of revenues that are with customers that have machines. Have you guys taken a stab at how much of the volume is actually going through it? Is it half of that 16% or...
Willard D. Oberton: Well, it's only about -- it's just under 20%, Adam. It moves around a little bit, but just below 20%. As you do, I get an 18%, a 19%, a 20%.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then could you give us an update on the metalworking opportunity? I think last quarter you talked about the first quarter is the one that would start to take off. Do you have the SKUs in the distribution centers you add, and are the new metalworking vending machines available for installation?
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, we're still very optimistic about the metalworking. In fact, we made a decision in October to recruit and add another 20 to 25 metalworking specialists, which will get us up into the mid-60s. The machines are available. We've signed some, but I don't have the exact number, but they are going out being installed. I've seen a few pictures come back of installed machines. So those are available, and from the reports back, they seem to be working well, the machines out there. We continue to expand the inventory in the warehouse. Actually, that's kind of a little slower than we planned. And part of it is a little bit of caution from our suppliers, which I appreciate, because they're saying, "Let's not put it all in until we really understand what you need because they don't want to return." So it's a lot -- a more thoughtful process, but we continue to add every month, continue to add SKUs and continue to add suppliers. So we have the customers in the field that are buying the product, our fastener customer base. We have sales expertise out there. We've also done a good job with our sales people having the stores of taking this training through Tooling U. We have the online training. We have hundreds of store people that are certified. Not to an expert level but a very high knowledge level, so they can go out and talk the talk with their customers. And then if there's an interest, they can bring in a higher-level expert either from our team or from the supply team. Really nothing new there other than continued effort and still believe the opportunity is a very good opportunity for the long run.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping maybe you can talk a little bit about the strategy and the store closings, I think the number was 28 for the year. And then also maybe give us, specifically, what the occupancy numbers were down year-over-year for the fourth quarter.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, first off, the closings. What we constantly do, we are a look-forward-only organization. We look at where we're at today and we look at a given market. And what process sometimes is we -- as we've disclosed in the past, we have a fair number of leases that come due every year because we, generally speaking, sign short-term leases. And we look at it market by market and allow our district and regional teams to look at their business and say, "This market where we have 3 stores or 2 stores or 5 stores could be better served with one fewer store." And whether or not that is the right decision long term, we'll find it, we'll find that right answer over time, but it's not a bad decision in the short term. And I always fall back on the premise of I don't get too caught up in that in the short term. I look at it and say, it's a great -- it's a vast market out there, we have 2% market share and what's going to drive our ability to take that market share over time. And I look at all the growth drivers we have in place, that's what's going to drive that, not one component of it. And but when I look at the total store closings in the current year as well as cumulatively in our life, it's a pretty small number in the scheme of life. As far as the actual occupancy reduction, I believe that's -- occupancy was up 7.4% -- I'm sorry, that's an annual number. I don't have that number right in front of me, Brent. But I'll get that number and get it to you.
Willard D. Oberton: It was about 6%. I don't have my P&L in front of me.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just maybe the follow-up to that. You talked about some of the benefits on the non-payroll side for the year on the cost side. Any sense, materiality, of those 28 closings positively lowering cost structure overall?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, it did, but the measurement is immaterial because the only thing you would have would be the occupancy component. Because when we go from 3 stores to 2 stores in a market, the folks that were in that third store moved to one of the other 2. So there isn't a labor differential. It would be -- and the vehicles we still have because we still have them for those people. It's really the $3,000 a month we're spending, $4,000 in rent and utilities.
Willard D. Oberton: And in the first year, being 2011, it probably actually adds expense because we have to clean up the store. We have to move the product. We have to, many times, pay out a lease. Net-net, it's just about going forward with our business, a more efficient business model. There's nothing in there that we saved a bunch of money by closing a handful stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was wondering if you could just comment, as you look across the business, if there are any end markets that are looking especially better or worse during the quarter.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess our construction business improved during the quarter. I think the mild weather everywhere sure didn't hurt that business, but I guess nothing jumps out that I think is unusual.
Willard D. Oberton: And from a geographic standpoint, we really saw pretty good growth throughout North America and our International business. There isn't an area where we're looking at it and saying that area of the country or the world is just slow because of economic reasons.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I know it's a small percent for you, but the Government business, if you could just maybe comment on, if possible, on a same-store basis kind of what's happening in Government. I mean, I know you're adding a lot of share there, so it's probably a, I'm guessing, a big growth number, but...
Daniel L. Florness: The overall number is growing handsomely above the company number. We don't really think of it on a per store basis because our approach is one of a -- primarily U.S. approach, but just because of the way it's -- some of the early contracts we picked up, but it tends to be something we're doing at across a state. So we sign a state contract. We don't want to think of what is happening in Redwing, Minnesota versus Winona, Minnesota. We're thinking what's happening in Minnesota.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's kind of what I meant. Kind of on a same-contract basis maybe would have been the better way to say it.
Willard D. Oberton: Well, our state and local business, as Dan said, is growing well above the company. We have the teams in place, we have 32 people in the states, we have a person in every state that we have a contract focusing on the government. I believe we're hitting our progress goals. What we look at -- internally, the way we think of this, and we think of it the same way as vending, metalworking, government, is that we're expanding the market for the local store. So if you're in a local business here in Winona, Minnesota and we just picked up the state contract, which we did, now that store has more opportunity to go out and grow their mark over a long period of time. If we introduce a new product line that we've really sourced well and we believe we can sell through to the customers, like metalworking, we have just expanded the market for that store. So we think about it a little different than I think you do in your industry. We're building market opportunity, increasing market opportunity, everyday with these initiatives. And the better we get at it, the easier it is for that individual that runs the store or sells everyday to do their job and create an opportunity for themselves and their family. They only have the best store.
Daniel L. Florness: And one thing I'd add to that. I think when you look at some of the data we provide on growth in different age of store. You look at the 5-year-old-plus store or the -- our annual stuff we talk about from the 10-year-plus stores, what allows them to keep growing, because those are substantial businesses in their local markets. And the way you allow them to keep growing is -- obviously, they continue to add new customers. You give them tools like vending and government and metalworking to give them, again, more avenues to expand the potential wallet in that local market.
Operator: And so our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question on store growth. You've guided the 4% to 6% store growth in 2012. Could you maybe talk about longer term? Is your store base where it needs to be? Is 4% to 6% the new normalized growth going forward, given initiatives on vending, et cetera, relative to the 8% historical growth, if you will, or higher historically? How should we think about that?
Willard D. Oberton: I think that's a good way to think about it because it's probably the new normal. What we've really tried to do over the last 2 years is go to our business leaders, as Dan called them, our regional CEOs, and give them growth goals, work with them on their goals and let them determine, for the most part, how they're going to achieve those goals. Whether it's new stores, adding outside sales people, sales specialists. But at the same time, we post different goals. We will continue to open stores, but the reason we're a little soft in committing to how many is it really depends on how these other initiatives will allow it. What we find with vending, with metalworking, and over a long period of time, I think we'll continue to open stores. We're still comfortable that we could open up to 3,500 in North America. It's just over what period of time that happens and what we need to do that. We want to find the most efficient growth model that we can and then stick with that. Or work on that.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, that makes sense. And just a last follow-up question. Do you have any thoughts, or how do you view the e-commerce sales channel? And I know you talk a lot about vending recently. How should we think about your strategy in using that channel?
Willard D. Oberton: We're working very hard on developing our e-commerce strategy. We introduced a new website in 2010, we had great results in 2011. We know that we'll probably always be behind many of the companies that just have a warehouse operation because we have all the keep-fail [ph], all the Line-Stock and all these other things. But it's a great way to receive orders and it's a great way for our customers to search for product and place orders. Our business on e-commerce, I believe, was fivefold last year, Dan?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, yes.
Willard D. Oberton: It grew fivefold from 2010 to 2011. We don't expect it to grow that much this year but we expect above-average growth. It's simply another very good tool for customers to buy from us, an easy way to buy. It goes back to what I said, the most convenient way to sell is make it -- or make easier to sell -- I'm losing my mind here, sorry about that -- make it convenient to buy, and that's what we're trying to do with all of these tools, vending, delivery, local service, and e-commerce.
Daniel L. Florness: And I think one thing, too, is a definitional question. What is e-commerce? I look at vending as e-commerce. I look as electronic systems we use in our Bin-Stock programs. You can call that e-commerce, it's electronically gathered data. It's not just web, it's not just EDI. Historically, we talked about it from the standpoint, what's our web business. But it's really a case, are we making it convenient for our customer to buy?
Willard D. Oberton: And if we're making it convenient for our customers to buy, and it's very efficient for us to serve, that is the best business model that we can develop. Efficient way to serve and make it easy for the customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Holden Lewis with BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Since you guys started the 'pathway to profit' back in '07, you've had a fantastic run in terms of the incremental margins. Well in excess of kind of the pre 'pathway to profit' you all have done, which obviously was part of the goal. The last, I guess, 4 quarters or so, you've seen moderation sort of in that incremental margin. Q4, it was modest, but it sort of continued that pattern. What do you expect as you go into 2012, in terms of where incremental margins might settle out? And is there a broader statement as sort of about the aging process, the maturity of the 'pathway to profit' at this point?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, the one thing I'll say, then I'll hand it to Dan, is we did add 180 basis points in 2011 over 2010, and our goal was 100. But I'll give it to Dan.
Daniel L. Florness: I guess the better way to think about it is we've seen great success with the 'pathway to profit'. But I would argue most of the benefit of 'pathway to profit' haven't been realized yet. Because if you look at what's happened from 2007 to 2011, our improvement in operating margin -- as I touched on earlier, we've seen nice leverage in our occupancy. But our occupancy leverage hasn't come because we raised our average store size. Because we have raised it, don't get me wrong, but we haven't raised it -- when we started 'pathway to profit' we said 200 basis points of improvement because we go from 70,000 a month to 125. We've gone from 70 to the mid-80s, and we've taken out a meaningful piece of our operating expenses as it relates to occupancy just by lowering our rents and being smarter, re-approaching how we look at it. Fourth quarter of 2009, our rent was 540 basis points, today it's 395. And that's just the rent component, there's utilities and other things. But a lot of the improvement came from we raised our gross margin. So when I look at the 'pathway to profit', we've gotten a piece from occupancy. We've gotten a piece from labor, don't get me wrong, but that's primarily been in the non-selling areas. If we look at the data on headcount, you really see we've done a great job managing our support headcount, a great job managing our distribution and manufacturing headcount. We've invested in a lot of selling energy, both store and non-store. And so as the average store size grows, we still have a lot of runway left as it relates to the labor side and nice runway on the occupancy side.
Willard D. Oberton: We've also kept our sales above the numbers that we put out in 2007. Our goal then was 18% the center of the range, and we've actually, for the last 2 years, have been 4 points above that. And we were spending some money to stay there. But we think that's a great investment. I'll add one thing, Holden. We are still very committed to meet or exceed our 100-basis point improvement, annually, going over the next several years.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And just as sort of the follow-up to that. You commented about how you sort of saw the holidays carve a little bit of momentum out of the revenues after being very strong earlier. Have you seen sort of a return to the early December levels of activity in the beginning of January? Or how is that -- given the difference in that pattern, how have you seen that play out so far this year?
Daniel L. Florness: Holden, I'll answer this way. On February 3, I'll give you some insight on what we saw in the January sales. As we enter the year, and as we enter every year, we're optimistic about the trend pattern we've created in 2011 and how it feeds into 2012, and the pieces of growth that we held to drive our business to grow and grow profitably into the future.  With that, I see we're 3 minutes past our 45-minute call limit. So I'm going to close by saying, again thank you, everybody, for participating on our call. And thank you for continued support and ownership of Fastenal stock. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Willard D. Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel L. Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.  Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor. fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2011, at midnight, Central Time.  As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call.  I would now like turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard D. Oberton: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everybody, and I want to thank you for joining us on the call today. Dan and I are going to both give some brief comments, and we're going to open it up for questions. I'd like to start by saying I think we had another good quarter. Our sales came in at 20.4% for the third quarter. Year-to-date, we're at 22%.  For the third quarter, we were a little lower than the first 2 quarters, but we're still above the sequential trend -- our historical sequential trends. We're very optimistic about that. Our Manufacturing customers, as we stated, grew at 18.3% as compared to 18.5% in the second quarter and 15.5% in the first quarter. So there has not been a lot of change, but if anything, it's remained strong. So we're very optimistic about that.  Non-Residential Construction grew at 15.8%, the same as the second quarter, and that's an area that there isn't a tremendous amount of activity. Most of that's coming in energy jobs and larger construction jobs in infrastructure, but you don't see much as you drive around in these tower cranes and things like that. So I think our team's doing a nice job digging it out wherever they can.  So overall, the sales trends are good, and we remain optimistic in somewhat of an uncertain time. We don't have a tremendous amount of visibility, but the anecdotal stuff that we're getting from our people in the field is still quite positive, although there are a few signs of things slowing a little bit. But for the most part, it's very positive.  On the earnings growth, we grew our earnings at 29.1%. Very good number. It's interesting though about perspective. I was looking at it going, "Boy, we didn't even grow over 30%." Because we've had such a good run, 29% is still a strong number.  I feel very good about our expense control. I think that the team did a nice job. We picked up 140 basis points of pretax earnings over last year. Our goal of 'pathway to profit' is to pick up 100 points, so we've been able to exceed that goal. And I really feel good about the job the team did on controlling expenses.  Pretax profit at 21.4% of sales. That's a record. And net income, north of 13% at 13.3%. That's a number I think we can also be proud of. There's only been -- I think last quarter is the only time we've ever exceeded 13% on a net income basis.  Switching gears, talk about store openings a little bit. Our store openings came in lower than we had earlier -- than we had planned and thought we would earlier in the year. But I'm not overly concerned with this because at this point, I'd rather see -- if we can only get so many things done, which is really the case, I'd rather see that our people put more energy into our Automated Supply, our vending solutions, because it's more timely.  Our competitors are not out opening stores in the markets that we plan to open in the future, but they are talking about Automated Supply and vending. So I think the faster we can move that project along, long term, that will be a better long-term strategic decision, and the store openings and the opportunities will probably be there in the future -- I believe will be there in the future. So we're working very hard on the Automated Supply.  Talking about Automated Supply, I stated to anyone who would listen I think that I thought we could do or wanted to do 2,500 signings in the second quarter -- or, excuse me, in the third quarter. We fell short of that. We came in at 2,260. So I was disappointed with that. But when I look at the 2,260 and I compare it to where I thought we would be a year ago, it's a great number, and by any other measure, it's a very good number. But we're going to continue to push hard.  What really happened is we dug a hole for ourselves in July. We didn't have a very good month of signings in July. We got behind in the first holiday week and never made it up for the rest of the quarter.  On a very positive note, the team did a great job on the installations. We set up or we installed and turned on more than 1,700 machines in the quarter, and that's just a lot of hard work going into those customers, setting it up and getting these machines up and running. And I like the signings with the installs. It's really where the revenue starts, and so that's a positive.  As Dan noted in the release, the overall sales growth, our year-over-year sales growth of the customers that have implemented vending Automated Supply remains strong at 49%. It's been 49%, right at 49% each quarter. And so that's a very positive note. We just need more customers to have Automated Supply, is kind of what we're thinking. Other initiatives that we've talked a lot about.  Our Government sales initiative continues to do well. We had very strong sequential growth into the state and local business. Most of our Government business that we're focusing on is state and local business at this point. In the future, we would look at doing more federal, but right now, our focus is state and local. We think with our branch network, we're better positioned for that type of business. And so far, it's proving to be correct.  On the metalworking initiative that we talked about, we feel very good about where we are. We have added a lot of product into our distribution system. That's part of our inventory growth. We continue to work at signing up strategic partners, the partners we need to fill out our product line, and that's gone very well. And we had said that we're going to put in 42 trained specialists. We have 37 in place, and 34 of them have gotten through our level 2 training, which is a training designed by an outside firm, again, working with our suppliers. And it's a very intense training. Our people are coming back with great feedback.  So we really hope to see the results of this effort probably late, well, probably late in the first quarter into the second quarter of next year. These people are out selling now. Start gaining some traction and start seeing the results into 2012, but we're very optimistic. We met with our product development lead yesterday, and he gave us an update, and things seem to be moving in the direction that we had planned for them to move.  On the personnel side, we have continued to invest in people. I believe this will flatten out in the fourth quarter really due to normal seasonal slowdown that we see in our business. The majority of our efforts go into the sales effort on the administrative and warehouse side, where we've added more people, if you've noticed that.  Our Manufacturing business is doing very well, and we've added more people in there. And on the administrative side, most of those additions have been people that we put in to help push the vending systems. So it's really more of a sales service effort, the people setting up the machines and those things.  And I'm really proud of this. As a leader, I'm proud of the fact that Fastenal is in a position to be adding employees. When you listen to the news and you see the slow economy and all the things that are going on, and I tell our employees this, I think we should be very proud of the fact we've added about 2,000 great opportunities this year to people out and trying to push the economy forward.  With that, I'll turn it over to Dan, and he'll make a few comments. Then we'll open it up for questions.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining our call. Reiterate a few things that Will touched on. First off, sales trends continue to follow or exceed our benchmark trend line.  If you look at history, history would indicate that we should be at about 16% growth from our daily average in January to our daily average in September. This year, we're actually up 20.8%. So we're running about 5 points ahead of that trend line, which has given us nice launching pad as we go into 2012.  Digging a lot deeper into the release, one thing I wanted to add on the end-market trends -- Will touched on them already -- is that we've been in a situation where the ISM index has been moderating now for about 5 months, and we continue to perform well. And as we mentioned in the second quarter, we really think our vending and our international is helping giving a nice boost to this, but our domestic, our North American business is doing just fine in and of itself.  On the Non-Residential side, Will touched on some of the energy projects that we're supplying into. I think at the end of the day, it's that and it's the fact that our store employees are just resourceful at turning over stones to find business. We're really well positioned to go after a lot of the small projects that a lot of other companies either aren't as aggressive with or aren't as interested in going after. And our stores sell on smaller projects all day long, and that's really a lot of little dollars are really what's driving our Non-Residential Construction. The vending stats. I'll touch on a few things that Will mentioned as well, but I guess the 2 things that jumped out for me when we were pooling together the earnings release was the fivefold increase in the number of installs from Q3 2010 to Q3 2011. And my comments there would be nice job to Russ and his team in ramping up not just what we're doing to promote vending, but what we're doing to install. Because Will is right. The revenue starts after the machine is installed, not after the contract is signed.  The other item is taking a step back and thinking for a second.13% of our sales now going to customers that have vending as part of their operation, and that customer base is growing at basically 50%. And to me the part that's most meaningful there is the fact that this is a predominantly Manufacturing customer base. It's medium-sized customers. It's not small customers or large customers. It's been driven by a broad brush, but the dollars to move the needle on those kind of dollars and the way we're moving it is quite staggering. And the fact that this business becomes very sticky because we're really providing a better solution than the competitor down the street.  'Pathway to profit' on Page 7 of the release, we've hit a new high on the average store size, 83,000 a month. Our previous high was in third quarter of 2008 when we were at 82,000, and it's no coincidence that our record high for pretax earnings is this quarter because the 'pathway to profit,' the mechanics and the fundamentals of it are just kicking in, as we've seen in prior quarters.  The -- if I look through some of the mix of employees, our store FTE is up about 16% on a year-over-year basis. Since we started the 'pathway to profit,' we've added 35% more employees on an FTE basis into our store. On the non-store selling side, we've added 44 people in the last 12 months. We've added 49 -- 44% in the last 12 months, 49% since the first quarter of 2007. So you can really see the energy that's being invested into the growth drivers of our business over the last 12 months. And those are the types of things that are driving the vending, that are driving the Government, that are driving our strength in Manufacturing business.  On the DC side, up about 7 -- 16.7%. Since we started the 'pathway to profit', we're up 19.5% FTE. 5 points of that came from the Holo-Krome acquisition. So we've done a nice job of leveraging that side of the business over the last -- since 2007. And I believe we have the ability to keep leveraging that into the future.  And then finally, as Will touched on, on the support side, we've added about 11.7% in the last year. A good meaningful piece of that is centered on back office support for our initiatives. But since 2007, we've added 5.7% more people, but we have 42.5% more sales dollars flowing through our stores today than we did back in 2007. All those really promotes the 'pathway to profit' leverage and the improvement in profitability of the business.  On Page 9, there's few paragraphs. We talked a bit about gross profit margin. Bottom line, I'd say there's a lot of noise in the numbers right now. We're kind of in the middle of that 51, 53 zone we've always cited. We still look optimistically at that number as we go forward because some of the things we talked about on our second quarter call, opportunities with our exclusive brands, how those opportunities are enhanced with our vending because they really go hand-in-hand.  We really see over the upcoming quarters our ability to move that gross margin north and enhance the operating leverage of the business. So we're optimistic. Right now, there's a lot of noise in the numbers. One the thing that probably we don't talk about enough is the fact that with the strong growth in our large OEM business, both domestically and internationally, that puts quite a dampening effect on our gross margin. It doesn't hurt our operating margin at all because it's attractive operating margin business. But it has put a dampening effect on gross margin.  So if anything, if you compare gross margin to a year or 2 ago, it's probably a little bit understated in that regard. But with that said, the number is what it is, and we believe we have growth drivers to move that number north in the future.  On the operating administrative expense side, our payroll increased about 17.4%, and you see a dynamic going through the numbers now. Whereas last year, our quarterly number was quite a bit higher growth than our year-to-date number because we were in a pattern of bonuses in rising. Now we're in a situation where we're anniversary-ing some of those higher bonus numbers from a year ago, and that's why you're really seeing that payroll growth moderating quite dramatically because we're getting back to the point of growth for activity growth rather than moving out of easier comparisons. So while our growth is -- our net earnings are slightly below 30%, it's a powerful statement because we had a pretty good third quarter last year.  The final item I'll touch on. Working capital, we continue, I believe, to manage it well. We still believe we have opportunities in inventory to keep tightening that and tightening that. But all things considered, I think we're operating that well, and most of you probably saw this last night, but we announced our fourth quarter dividend -- or our third quarter dividend payable in fourth quarter, $0.14, and that will be paid out here in November.  With that, I will take some questions, and we'll go from there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Holden Lewis with BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I'm curious, I guess, first, if you could maybe expand on some of those, maybe anecdotes that you cited in your preamble about maybe some signs of slowing. And then along those lines, how are you viewing sort of your margin breakeven at this point? I mean, what level of revenue growth do you feel that you can continue to expand margins versus seeing margins begin to maybe come down a little bit just cyclically? Can you sort of comment about sort of breakeven on margins and earnings as it relates to revenue level?
Willard D. Oberton: I'll take the first question, and I'll give the second one to Dan. The anecdotal stuff is what all of our regional vice presidents are in town this week for meetings, and I was talking to them over dinner last night. It sounds like some of the larger consumer products companies are saying, "Pull back just a little bit." The heavy metal guy, people producing more of the metal parts, they haven't heard much of that. So I think the consumer goods probably are not going to pick up much. But overall, the tone was positive with the group, and I spent several hours with them. But there are -- yes, this one backing off a little bit. Our sales are down 8% or 10% from last year on this one. So there's caution in the tone.
Daniel L. Florness: Holden, on the second part, just looking at our third quarter operating expense increase, so it was at about 15.7%. So you could break that leverage point down to 15% really fast, and with some energy, get it down closer to 12% or 13%.
Willard D. Oberton: I'd say because we haven't added a lot of stores, we could drop it well below that just through our payroll system because of the bonuses very quickly. I mean, if things really hit the wall.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So then overall, you think if your revenues grow 12% or 13%, you can still expand margins, and below that, maybe you get some contraction. Did I understand that correctly or no?
Willard D. Oberton: I would say we could hold margins at the 12% to 13% rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First of all, on the vending solutions. I think you said historically that the products that go into the vending machines are used less. And so with the growth at 50% overall from the customers that have these Automated Supply solutions, I assume that most or all of that growth is coming from adding lines that you didn't have before. Am I assuming that correctly?
Willard D. Oberton: That is correct.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then when you look at that 50%, I'm interested in the dispersion around that. Are there some customers that are up 300%, and some that are flattish? Or is it pretty consistent at 50%? And then as you look out, I guess, the number that we're looking at here is aggregate, but if you just isolate the vending solutions you've put in a year ago or longer ago, does that 50%, I would imagine it goes down, but does it remain above the corporate average for customers' vending solutions after year 2, year 3?
Willard D. Oberton: We really don't have any good data for year 2. Year 2 we do, but not year 3 because we only had a handful of machines out there. Yes, the customers that are in their second full year of vending, and I have to qualify this, this is information from second quarter because I haven't looked at this for the third quarter data, just had a lot going on. Those customers were growing at about 30% versus the 50%. The customers that are in their first year are growing at 70%, that's the 30 plus the 50 balances out to the -- plus 70% balances out to it. So yes, the growth slows, but the growth is still greater than the company average with that group, and these are larger customers. So it's still...
Daniel L. Florness: So it's meaningfully above the company average of that group.
Willard D. Oberton: Still exceptional growth for that group of customers. And again, it's all about taking a bigger share of their wallet because we have very few customers that we have the majority of their wallet that are sizable customers. The small ones, that's different.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Great. Just one quick one on the end here. Could you discuss pricing on the fasteners you're purchasing in Asia today?
Willard D. Oberton: We haven't seen a lot there. It's been kind of a roller coaster year with small bumps, meaning we hear that it's going to go up. No, we don't see much. There is -- one of our largest fastener suppliers out of Taiwan was here this week, and I just spent some time talking to them. And there's just not much going on, and I think it has more to do with slower, somewhat of a slower economy than anything else. Especially the Taiwanese are very concerned about capacity. They want to run this machine wide open. So they're willing to take a little hit even if steel's up to keep the machines running. That's a historical pattern, and so we haven't seen much. A little bit here and there, but it's probably pretty easy, pretty soft year, flat year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Hayes with Piper Jaffray.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a question on -- back to the vending machine. If you're gaining a larger share of the current customers' wallet, which is a great idea, is there a transactional margin benefit where it's not as -- the pricing is not as competitive as you're delivering a better service than a cost savings for them?
Daniel L. Florness: I guess I'm not quite following your question, Tom.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Well, I guess is there a margin, a meaningful margin benefit for the customers -- or to you for the customers that have the vending solutions versus your non-vending solution customers?
Willard D. Oberton: What do you mean a need for more margin? Do you mean for us to give them a bigger discount?
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: No, I guess let me just start over. The customers that you have the vending solutions, is your margin profile better than the non-vending solution customer?
Willard D. Oberton: No, it's not. Actually the -- when we match up by customer size, we match up -- what I really do is I look at the customer last year and this year and even with the growth, the margin in most cases hasn't moved much. I mean, if there were a low-margin customer, we might be up or we might be down, but the trend is basically the customer margin changes very little when we add vending. The sales just go up. And it really, I think, has to do more with the pricing habits of our stores. So the store looks at this customer -- in many cases, they were a customer in the past. So the store looks at the customer and they were a 40% margin customer. When they've bid the vending product, they're probably bidding it in that range because it's just incremental business for the store. So it's actually very consistent. I've spent some time looking at that. I wish it was higher, but it's not. Now the opportunity we have is as we put in more Fastenal exclusive brands in those machines, we will see a margin improvement. But in many cases, we start out with a lot of branded product because that's what they were using. And then over time we plan to convert that.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess just last is a follow-up on the CapEx. There's a meaningful increase in the CapEx year-over-year. Can you just kind of talk to the balance of the year and going forward?
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, if you think about where our CapEx dollars are centered this year, they're really centered on the vending equipment, and unlike a lot of our CapEx in most years, a lot of our CapEx centers on construction. We're expanding a distribution center. We're adding on to a distribution center. We're doing things like that, and even with store additions. Those tend to be maybe back-end loaded from the standpoint of -- they really don't get going as fast in the spring until the frost is out and then those type of projects take off and they push into the November time frame, maybe over December depending on exactly where we are. Whereas our vending dollars, that was much more first 3 quarters loaded. So I think we cited $95 million, $100 million in our annual report as far as our CapEx for the year. That was going to be more front-end loaded than our traditional year.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And you're still comfortable with that going down [ph], whatever, the $95 million...
Daniel L. Florness: We're going to be in that $95 million to $105 million number, I suspect. One item that we're doing that I probably didn't have as much dollars planned on for this year just because we're running a little ahead of schedule, so we're doing a meaningful expansion of our distribution center here in Winona. We're adding a mini-load system, an ASRS-type system that we've done in Dallas and Indianapolis in the past, and they're actually doing groundwork on that right now.
Willard D. Oberton: And we pushed that forward because our Midwest region is showing very good sales growth this year, and they're pushed to the wall. So we moved that up a few months, try to beat the winter, which we're not going to do.
Operator: . Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to start with September sales. Can you just talk about how the month finished and then maybe speak to end market and geographic strength?
Daniel L. Florness: Month played out well. We saw it was going to be solid month with a week or 2 weeks left in the month. So the month played out well, pleased with the trend pattern. End market, I don't think anything jumps out. With one exception, I continue to be pleased with what we're seeing in our Manufacturing number. Just from the standpoint of -- we're all sometimes guilty of reading the newspapers too much or reading stuff too much and letting that change your view of the world or life. And the ISM, we didn't make a big deal of it back in May and June when it split [ph], but we also noticed it. And to see that we're able to grow our Manufacturing despite, us again, it's still north of 50%. And I think people got a little accustomed to that 60% number, which really wasn't sustainable. But pleased what we're seeing in the end markets. Geographically, I guess, nothing jumps out outside the norm.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And I wanted to -- go ahead, Will.
Willard D. Oberton: Geographically, the oil pact remains strong, but that's been strong all year long. If there's one area of the country that we're doing better, it would be Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Appreciate the color. And then I wanted to slip in a question on vending. The growth rate of the vending customers remains very impressive and it's clearly a wallet share gainer. But am I right that vending is not only a wallet share story but also a tool to help you win new customers?
Willard D. Oberton: Actually, that's been coming in very strong from the field is that we're getting calls and opportunities from customers because they want this solution. Large companies and again, talking to our regional vice presidents this week at meetings, the thing that I ask our regionals every time I talk to them is say, is this solution as good as I believe. What I tell them is I don't want to be the crazy guy running around with the flag and everyone's laughing at me. And they're saying the solution is better than I believed because of that reason, Ryan, because it's getting us in doors we would have otherwise not had a chance to go in, and we're signing up new customers every day because of that, because we really do have a better solution from a cost standpoint. There's some other good solutions out there, but the machines themselves and the systems are far more expensive, and the fact that we built the machine behind the machine, all these install people, all these technical people, we inherently have a more value-oriented system to deliver products than most of our competitors at this time.
Daniel L. Florness: The other thing I would just add to that, I think some of the calls we're getting and some of the energy we're seeing from the customer inquiry side is coming from the fact that we have a lot of machines out on the road. We have our trucks that are out on the road that are demonstrating the equipment. There's been a number of articles written in recent months about our vending solution, both in local newspapers as well as some national newspapers. And one comment I'd make for the analysts listening to this call, on your next report, put a nice big bold headline about how much vending solutions save manufacturers in North America. And if you need a copy of a flyer, we'd be happy to send you some.
Willard D. Oberton: And we can send you pictures.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First off, I mean, you mentioned ratcheting lower the store count expectations due to both the PMI and also the vending initiative. Are there other actions or plans that you're either undertaking or considering based on the prospects of a lower growth period? And what are the next things you would do from an operational standpoint? And then my second question would be you mentioned the payroll or the labor leverage expected on the OpEx line. Can you talk about occupancy and selling and transportation? Also, I'm guessing that occupancy would continue to grow faster because of the vending and the selling, transportation would come off because of where diesel is, but if you could throw a little color on that, Dan, that would be very helpful.
Willard D. Oberton: I'm going to guess that's 6 questions, Sam, but go ahead, Dan.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, I'll kind of go -- as far as the steps, in addition to the moderating the store openings, I think if you look at kind of where we were trending and where we came out, I can't take a number right off the cuff, but I know we have fewer employees at the store level today. And fewer employees than the organization in general because of the moderating ISM. We're very decentralized, and we try to share a lot of information with our regional and district leaders about what we're seeing. And with the moderating ISM, our folks pay attention. They're smart business people. They know not to get ahead of themselves. And so we're working diligently to have staffing where we need it. We don't want to hamper our growth. On the flip side, you'd be careful not to get ahead of yourself on certain things when there's uncertainty when you look out the next 6 to 12 months. As far as some of the other expenses, if I look at occupancy, about 1 point, I think it's 1.3% of our -- we grew at about 8.5%.1.3 points of that came just from vending. And one thing that did pop our occupancy up a little bit more than I would have expected is energy prices are meaningfully higher than they were a year ago. And I don't know how it was nationwide, but we had some warm weather here in the third quarter, so we're probably doing a little more cooling than we normally had. But still, look at our occupancy in general, we still have legs on that. When I look out to 2012, we typically will have 600 to 700 leases up for renewal in a given year, and one thing that you still have is there's still empty spaces out there. And there's also willingness on the part of the real estate community, if you will. I mean, if you look at the value of money and borrowing cost or incremental borrowing costs, the need for a 10% return on real estate that you might have seen 5 years ago, people are willing to take a lower return, a, to keep the building occupied, and b, because their costs have gone down in many cases, or the ultimate use of that cash, probably a better way to say it, isn't as attractive as it might have been 4 or 5 years ago.
Willard D. Oberton: On the transportation and product movement, we've done a very nice job of that in the face of higher diesel prices. Now that diesel and gasoline prices are coming down over the last 4 to 6 weeks, going forward, we think we'll be in a good position in product movement. We're actually launching some new initiatives kind of stirring the pot, believing we can do better on transportation, turn it into a meaningful profit center over the next 2 years, and you'll hear more about that because that's kind of my pet. So we have some good initiatives going there. A couple of other things to note as far as how do you pull expenses back, maybe just not grow them as fast. If you look at 2012 or '11, we built the machine behind the machine, the vending group, which is well over 150 people. That group was in place, and we believe that they can do well over 1,000 machines both sell and install at their current level, so we have some built-in headroom per month -- excuse me, yes. Government sales, we put that in place this year. We're really not seeing the benefits yet. We have nice growth but not big dollars. Our metalworking team, we spent a lot of money there putting these people in and training them. And our district managers and regional vice presidents, we won't be adding many because of the lower store counts. So if you look at this group, these are higher paid individuals. And also in that group, you'd put our National Accounts group. We've over-invested in the last 12 months in all of these groups. The real benefits will come in 2012, and we don't -- we'll continue to invest but not at even close to the level that we did in 2011, and we should really see the benefits of that and drive our incremental profits.
Daniel L. Florness: If you recall earlier, we touched on the non-sales FTE growth.90% of our growth since 2007 occurred in the last 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry of UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It looks like in each of the last few quarters that conversion rate has ticked down. And Dan, I think you mentioned something in your prepared remarks about how you could see the margin starting to tick back up. I was wondering if you could just expand on that and what the drivers will be.
Daniel L. Florness: Well, probably the biggest short term one is -- we've talked about in the last several calls some of the things we're doing to build our momentum with exclusive brands. And that takes a while to get that inertia going because it's a huge undertaking. Currently, between 6.5% and 7% of our sales are exclusive brands, and we have goals, too, in the shorter term, in the upcoming quarters. And I'm not saying 2 or 3 or 4. I'm saying upcoming quarters to double that. And that is very attractive from the opportunity not only to go after business that maybe you wouldn't go after before because the margin wasn't attractive enough. Or to enhance your margins so you can use it to grow a little faster or you can use it to drive some gross margin. We believe there is ample opportunity for both. And then the question is what other things are there to drive it. And Will touched on a second ago some of the freight initiatives. I think we call it FI 2012.
Willard D. Oberton: I name everything.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, and our goal is over the upcoming quarters to again, turn that into a more meaning -- it's a profit center today, but turn it into a more meaningful profit center and add gross margin because that's all at the gross margin line. So those are 2 shorter-term things that I think have the ability to move that needle north.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: How about pricing?
Willard D. Oberton: Well, right now, there isn't a tremendous amount of pricing out there. And historically, we've been pretty steady there unless there's a large upswing where we can get some timing. The opportunity there will be somewhat limited, I believe, because the economy's slow and everybody's a little reluctant to push it. Normally, where you see good pricing is when things are robust, and we're all confident. Our sales people, because we're decentralized, are going to be somewhat reluctant to go out and push price increase if their cost doesn't go up to their bigger customers. And you know what, we're okay with that because we want to keep that business.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. And maybe just finally on the vending. I'm curious as you're going through and presenting the opportunity. What's the most common pushback you get on why customers don't want the vending machine?
Willard D. Oberton: Change. The most common problem in the stake we make is calling on the wrong individual. If we call on the purchasing agent, our success rate is relatively low because it's a big change in their environment. It changes their day. If we call on a CFO or plant manager or CEO, our results are much better because really it's new, and it changes the thing -- the way they do their day. But the very positive is the customers that have it, it's like 99-some percent of these customers are saying fantastic, and they're adding more machines. Change is a difficult thing, and I continued to remind our regionals yesterday that is just pure hard work to get these things in there, but once we have them, it's very efficient business. And to that point, we're developing new and better software for the machines we have that will greatly reduce the workload at our stores as we implement this to fulfill the machines and get the product out there. It's going to be an extremely efficient business to support. It's already efficient, but it's going to become much more efficient going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a first question is just if -- can you quantify or maybe make some comments as to how much of the slowing in store growth is just economic due to the macro situation and uncertainty that you mentioned relative to growing the vending solutions?
Willard D. Oberton: We really can't break that down. But the reality of how it works is the way we get the stores opened is by keeping the volume loud because you have to understand our district managers and regional managers are never crazy about it because they open a business that doesn't add a lot of revenue initially and loses them money. That's why we've set it up.
Daniel L. Florness: And loses the money personally.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes, personally, bonus. So we keep the volume high and we open the stores. As vending started picking up, I started changing my message, not saying don't open stores, but really put the pressure on vending. Little back off there and people came back, maybe we don't have to open this one. So it's really about how much effort, how much energy an individual has at the district or regional level. But there's no way for us to quantify 10 openings were because of economic and 20 were because of vending. It just doesn't break out that way in our business. It's all lumped in.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's fair enough. How big as a percent of sales do you expect vending to get? And also if you could just comment on just update us on your metalworking and National Account initiatives.
Willard D. Oberton: On the vending, the percentage of revenue going through vending machines, we're not sure. But of the customers that we sell to that have the systems, I would predict that within the next year, or say 2 years, it'll be north of 60%.60% to 70% of our customers will have some kind of automated solution, then maybe only 20% of their business will go through that machine. We're really not too concerned about that, whether they vend it or whether we deliver it. We're just concerned that they buy from us.
Daniel L. Florness: But they buy from us.
Willard D. Oberton: It's revenue, so we're not going to pick it apart. What was the second half of your question? I apologize.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, the second half was just if you could just update us on metalworking and the National Accounts.
Willard D. Oberton: On the metalworking, we don't disclose numbers. Our goal is to grow the business disproportionate to our other revenue next year, and we'll start reporting that as it comes through. What we really spent 2011 doing, building the team, getting the inventory and getting the suppliers lined up and then the inventory lined up, in that order. And now we're out there hitting it. Now we're working hard to get our store people to start taking the training. And then over in just the month of September, we had our store people take 2,000 1-hour classes online. Just got that report yesterday. So that's nice forward motion. I mean, a bunch of people are out there learning about this product. On the National Accounts, we continue to sign accounts at a very nice rate, and a lot of that has to do with the vending, and that's what we hear from our National Accounts people, that we're getting continued opportunities. So we have very good momentum with National Accounts, and we will continue to invest in additional resources, i.e. people for the National Accounts team in 2012 because the ones that we've given them have given us above average returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering if we could look at the vending customers a little bit more closely, what percent of the customers that you have today were existing customers? And what percent would you think would be new?
Daniel L. Florness: I honestly don't know that number off the cuff.
Willard D. Oberton: I looked at the report that shows last year's sales. And if I were to have to -- it shows the 2 columns, this year's sales and last year's. The ones with 0s are probably only about 10%, no more than 15%. But that isn't really a fair representation because many of them were buying from us but in a very small way. So they went from being a $2,000-a-month customer to a $10,000. So we were a spot-buy third choice for them, and we became maybe a second or -- first or second. The majority of the customers were buying from us a year ago, and then we just ramped this up. But with larger customers, that's not uncommon where we'll sell to a customer for years but never get any real spend from them, meaningful spend.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then related to that, have you run into any capacity constraints from your suppliers to do installation?
Willard D. Oberton: No, we haven't. The manufacturer of the machines, we worked well with them, and that's part of what Dan said about front-loading the CapEx. We have not wanted to get behind. We put these build centers in all of our distribution centers. We trained our technicians, and we overstaffed those groups because the guy who runs it for us, Russ Rubie, a great Fastenal employee. I said, "Russ, we need to be in a position from both phone support and installations to do at least 1,000 machines a month. " Build the machines, size it that way, build your team and size it that way and they're kind of standing ready saying, "We're ready to go. " So the only delay in installing the machines is we need to become better at figuring out what goes in each machine, and we continue to work on ways. But the customers want to be very involved, and many of them are slow. It always takes a little longer than we think. In cases where the customer is just ready to go, many times we'll get an order and they'll be in place in 2 weeks because our guys can get them in if we can get the data set up or the information about what we're going to set in, put in the machines.
Daniel L. Florness: Yes. One thing I'll add to that is think about when we were coming into this year and the tail end of last year. We were looking at how we believe this would ramp up, and I might be over at certain times on what we spend for inventory or spend for fixed capital. But message to both our purchasing group, as well as our vending group is don't get caught naked here. We added some inventory early on because we wanted to have vendable products ready on the shelf. We have a backlog of machines. So we are ready to handle it from the standpoint of that product, if we end up having a few months too much because we over stretched ourselves, that product's a great product without a shelf life. But the cost of running out is too high, and so a little bit of our inventory, a little bit of our CapEx is there because we were willing to front load because we saw the potential in the opportunity here. With that, I'm going to cut off the call. We're at 45 minutes past the hour. And again, I want to thank everybody for joining in on the call this morning. Just a couple takeaway items I jotted down during the call. I probably sound a little like a stuck record here, but maybe in today's world, sometimes hearing the same thing from a company consecutive quarters is a sign of good things rather than being boring. But first off, our 'pathway to profit,' we're more convinced than ever that it just works. It's a logical profession for our business, and it's working well throughout the organization. Very good sales patterns. One thing that I noted the other day when I was looking at some of the numbers, if I look at the last 6 months, so the second and third quarter of this year, on a 2-year comparison, our growth is in excess of 45% every month. We had actually one month over 50%. I have to go back at 2006 to see that type of a 2-year comparison. And 2006 was pre- 'pathway to profit'. So we were opening stores at about a 14% clip. So what that demonstrates to me is with focus, with energy and a bunch of growth drivers, we can continue to take market share at a very aggressive fashion in this marketplace, and it isn't strictly store centered. It's all facets of the business. The sales initiatives, we have great traction with them. Very good opportunity with our exclusive brands, and finally, as I mentioned last quarter, the employees of Fastenal continue to perform at a very high level. Thank you to them whoever's on the call. Have a good day, everybody.
Willard D. Oberton: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Willard Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company Q2 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Ellen Trester. Please go ahead.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers.  Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2011, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard Oberton: Thanks, Ellen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. I'm pleased to announce our second quarter earnings. We're very happy with the results. Sales came in, as you know, at 22.9%. Comfortable with that, and we're happy that June came in as strong as it did, looking at the ISM in May and other indications that it might be slowing down a little bit. But based on our June numbers, we think it's pretty steady, and we're happy with that.  Probably the most impressive thing for me in the sales results is our sequential pattern from January to June. Historically, we would've grown our sales, daily average sales, from January to June at about 12.5%, 12.6%. But this year we're actually up 16.3% over that same time period. So it really put us in a good position for good growth through the rest of the year. If we can maintain even our historical pattern, it would put us in a good position for starting out 2012. From an earnings standpoint, we did see some nice leverage. We reported 36.1% earnings growth, and the thing that makes me smile on this is that our operating margin came in at 21.4%. It was a 180-basis-point gain over last year. And those of you that know the story well, we're talking about the pathway to profit and trying to pick up 100 bps or basis points year-over-year each year going forward, and we're able to do 180. If you have the earnings release by you and if you look at Page 8 on that, if you look at the information on pathway to profit and the store profitability, I sat and looked at this a lot because it's exactly the model that Dan and I had laid out 2 or 3 years ago when we talked about moving stores into larger categories. At the bottom, if you look at the 2 small categories of stores, basically the $30,000 to $60,000 -- or $0 to $30,000 and $30,000 to $60,000, in 2009, 61% of our stores are in that category. It dropped to 54% in 2010 and down to 36% this year.  In the largest 2 categories, the stores that are doing more than $100,000 per month, in 2009, 13.2% of our stores were there. That grew to 18.1% in 2010 and 23.3% combined in 2011. And so the actual profitability per store size has not changed much. We really haven't improved that, especially in the large stores. You look at the over $150,000 stores -- excuse me, Dan's correcting one of my numbers as I'm going here. I added something wrong. The small group of stores in the 2011 timeframe is actually 42.6, -- 46 -- excuse me, I put a 3 instead of a 4, my mistake. But anyway, if you look at the larger stores, over $150,000, we were at 28.3% last year, 28.3% this year. But everything moves up into a larger category, and we had 180 basis points. That's really the point I'm trying to make. If we can continue to do that, we will march forward as our pathway to profit, reach our 23% operating goal. But understand the 23% operating goal is really just a point in time for us. If we do a great job, maybe we can exceed that further into the future. From a margin standpoint -- excuse me, I missed the expense. On the expense control, I think we did a nice job. Our labor came in slightly higher than we expected it. But we did a better than average job on the rest of the expenses, so it offset it. So a little extra labor, a little better job at occupancy and some of the other things, so it balanced out to come in right where Dan and I had expected beginning the quarter.  For the margin. Were in a good range with the margin. I know earlier in the quarter there was a lot of talk from the investment community that we should be able to expand our margin, and we were being very cautious on that because we weren't seeing the inflation that maybe some other companies were. So we're comfortable in the range we're in, in that 51% to 53% range. I would describe this as a stable pricing environment. We also have some opportunities going forward and probably the biggest opportunity going forward from a margin standpoint is our Fastenal private label brands. Right now they represent about 7% of our total revenue, about 13% to 14% of the non-fastener revenue. And in the non-fastener side, there's a tremendous opportunity. We've been meeting and working on that, and over the next 1 to 3 years we should be able to expand that product area and take that to the bottom line. So we're pretty excited about the opportunity for Fastenal private label going forward. Back onto the sales a little bit, some of our initiatives. Our government sales initiative continues to move forward, reminding those a year ago -- well, actually 1.5 years ago now in the beginning of 2010, we greatly increased our investment in trying to sell to the government. Since then, we've gone from a handful of state contracts to 27 state contracts at the end of this quarter. Very good progress. We're also working on some very nice federal government opportunities that we think some of those will come through over the next 3 to 6 months. So a lot of opportunity. And the way that we view this government opportunity is we're just expanding the local market for our stores because without these contracts, that market doesn't really exist for us. With the contracts, it creates more opportunity for every store in each state that we have a contract. So it's a pretty exciting thing going forward for our store people when we're able to sign up this business. Another initiative that we've been working on is expanding our cutting tool business and going after some of more of the production cutting tools. As a reminder, we do about $100 million in cutting tools today. So it's not a new product line for us. We're probably, I would estimate, at least a top 5 distributor in North America and maybe closer to the 2 or 3 spot. So we are a large distributor of cutting tools, but we believe the opportunity is much bigger in the areas that -- first, the reason we went after is we have hundreds of thousands of customers that are industrial customers that buy industrial cutting tools. The things that we needed to improve to be effective in it is we needed a broader product line, more in-depth and broader inventory. We needed sales expertise, and I believe we needed the vending solutions to be able to deliver that product within the plant. We feel very good about each of those areas. We've expanded them. We put people in teams to go after each area and expand and become better at it. And at this point, we're moving forward with what I believe is a very good plan.  Just yesterday, I received a report back from a large industrial customer that we're working with that is experimenting using our vending systems to deliver their carbide inserts. And somewhat to my surprise, the report came back that they have -- this customer has actually seen a 45% reduction in their consumption of carbide inserts. And what they attributed to it is people are just more aware, and theyre being watched. And I would not have expected that kind of a reduction. So it's a really positive message for not only our cutting tool business but also our vending business, our automated supply.  And switching to another growth initiative would be automated supply. If you saw on Dan -- in the release, Dan put some very good information in there, explaining our progress on vending and automated supply. Before I go to the numbers, just a little bit of background, even go forward. Today, most of our automated supply business is driven through our FAST 5000 and our locker system, which is a helix machine and then a locker to put other bigger products. Currently, we're just taking first deliveries on our cutting tool machines. We have 2 of them, a smaller version and a larger version. And we wont see serious traction with that, probably till late in the fourth quarter, early in next year, we're bringing machines in but it'll take us a while to get that up and going.  We also have other machines that are in the development phase that should be rolling out at the end of fourth quarter and beginning of first quarter. Our goal is to build these -- help design and build machines that would distribute a wide range of our products, the more the better and do it in a cost-effective way so that the machines are economical and bring value to both us and to our customers. And if you look at the second quarter earnings report, the numbers there, as you can see, the first set of numbers, if you look at our signings, you go back to the third quarter of 2010 where we signed 419 machines. That was really where we really cranked up our initiative, started putting in the reps and started building what we call the machine behind the machine, all the company infrastructure to push this forward from the build centers to the technicians to the packaging department, all the things that are necessary. So it went from 419 to 776, 1,391 in the first quarter of 2011 to 2,100. So the momentum is with us. At our Investor Day in May in Indianapolis, I said that our goal was to hit 1 machine per quarter per store, which would put us at about 2,500 to 2,600. That is our goal. I'm not sure that we will -- I'm not saying we will hit it in the third quarter, but I'm comfortable that we will hit that goal sometime in the next 2 to 3 quarters. So we have good momentum, and we keep pushing that up. As far as the percent of our total revenue, as you can see, it went from 6.4% in Q3 of last year, up to 10.8%, so it's a much broader base of business for us. And probably the most exciting thing is that, that group of customers, the 10.8% of the customer business we represent, grew at 49.8% in the quarter. It's too big of a group to be just a coincidence. The vending is doing something or -- it's even broader than that. We're providing greater service to this group of customers, and they're reciprocating with a greater share of their business. And that's really what our goal was going in. Very efficient business, growing very rapidly. So we're excited about that.  So before I turn it over to the Dan, looking at all the things we have going on, our margin is stable, good expense control and good sales momentum, I'm very optimistic about the second half of the year that we can stay in a similar range and continue to see above average growth for the rest of the year.  Thank you very much, and I'll turn it over to Dan.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. And I would also wish to thank you for joining in our call today. I'll touch on a handful of things. I'll be fairly brief, but I'll try not to repeat too many things that Will touched on as well. But if I flip through the earnings release, some things stand out for me.  As Will mentioned, our sales trend continued to improve. Our gross margin continues to stay in that zone we talked about it. It did uptick in the quarter, which was helpful, but it continues to stay in that zone. When I look at the monthly store statistics, to me what's particularly powerful in there is seeing from our older and more established stores. They continue to put out very attractive numbers. I think they're helped by a number of things. The initiates that Will talked about all feed well into that group of stores, whether that be the vending, the government business, the selling through our manufacturing business and now the cutting tools. Those all serve well that population, as well as all stores, but particularly that population. And you're seeing exceedingly strong numbers from that group.  Sequential sales trends, as Will touched on. History says by the middle of the year, we should be up about 12.5% from where we were in January. We're up over 16%. And I think that bodes well for the second half of the year and, as Will mentioned, establishing our starting point for 2012.  End market sales trends. Manufacturing picked up some steam in the quarter. That's really what drove a big part of the driver of our strong sales trends, our manufacturing business. And here I'm talking not about our manufacturing. I'm talking about selling to manufacturing customer base. That business continues to do well. I believe vending is helping that business in a meaningful fashion.  On the non-residential side, if I read the newspapers, I continue to be somewhat pleasantly surprised by our numbers. Our numbers could be stronger, but if you read what's in the newspaper, our numbers are pretty darn good because construction is not exactly our strong business right now. As Will mentioned, we put in some vending stats this quarter. The thoughts that come to me when I look at that is, A, there's new information -- we're just laying out facts. Here are the numbers. We don't completely understand the percentage growth numbers, how much of that comes from vending, how much of that comes from just the expanding relationship. I don't know that we frankly care to a certain degree. But we do know that the vending, the customer base with vending is growing far in excess than what that type of customer base would historically grow. And it's a big enough swathe of customers. I think the trend is meaningful. And when I look at things like the vending or different initiatives that we've done over the last several years and plan to do over the next several years, I believe we're continuing to position ourselves to put our local store in that position to be just the best supplier in that local market. And as long as we continue to do that, I believe we'll be successful as an organization because we become the best partner for our customer base out there. Pathway to profit. Average store size is now at 80,000. Previous high was in Q3 of 2008, we were at 82,000. But we've continued to open stores since third quarter 2008, but we're almost back to that average store size. That's really what's driving our profitability. It's simply the math. And if you look at that table on Page 8 and really understand the dynamics of the changing mix, you appreciate how the profitability continues to drive. And the conclusion I get from it is the pathway to profit just works.  The gross profit margin. As Will mentioned, stable gross profit. I believe private label opportunities are compelling. And I look forward to seeing how that impacts our ability to manage our business for the next several years.  Operating and administrative expenses. Good expense control. As Will mentioned, our payroll increased a little bit more than we expected, but with the nice profits, that drives a lot of our incentive compensation both at the store level and at the district and regional level as well. Health care, which was problematic for us in 2009, improved in 2010. It continues to manage very well in the current environment. Occupancy. As was disclosed in our report, it was up 5.1% for the quarter. The real story there is the energy cost component. We continue to do well on our rent costs. If you look at our actual rent dollars paid, they were up 3% for the quarter -- for second quarter to second quarter on a base of 6.3% more stores. So we continue to manage well through that. I still believe there's opportunities for savings as we go forward, and we continue to work hard on getting after those savings. Fuel dollars spent, as you saw, are up over 50% from year ago, really driven by diesel increases of over $30 and gasoline per gallon cost up mid-30s. Thats [indiscernible] but we're managing through it. We're managing through it well.  Working capital. I believe we continue to manage that appropriately. If I look at the May, June timeframe, which really drives the sales -- I mean, it drives the accounts receivable at the end of the quarter. We had an extra day. We were down a day in April, but we've gained that day back in May. So our dollars sales in May and June were up 25.5%. Our accounts receivable are up just over 27%.  A little bit of adder [ph] to that. The postal strike up in Canada added some AR, but that will correct itself. The postal strike will settle by the end of the quarter, and so that will correct itself as we go into July. Inventory were up 16.5% in the 6-month period. That's quite frankly one we like to see. But we continue to, I believe, manage that well and with the initiatives we have going on driving some of the increase, but we'll work hard to manage that as we go through the tail end of the year.  We just announced last night, yesterday evening, our third quarter dividend, $0.13 per share. That'll be payable in August.  And as I close out of my comments and prepare for the questions, I guess the 5 things that stand out for me when I look at the quarter, just to summarize: Number one, pathway to profit. The fundamentals of it just work. Number two, very good sales patterns. Number three, very good traction with our sales initiatives. International, national account, manufacturing business, our automated solutions and cutting tools, which is pretty early in the game so it's hard to really assess that at this point, but very good opportunities there. Number four, very good opportunities with private label to help our gross margin over time. And finally, our employees at Fastenal are performing at a high level. And I thank them for their efforts this quarter.  With that, we'll turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: First question. In terms of the current quarter, was there any benefit from price at all this quarter? And then given the significant lags, particularly in fasteners, should we expect any incremental pricing as we get to the back half of this year?
Daniel Florness: You're just seeing very, very limited impact. And I expect to see limited impact as we go to the tail end of the year.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and then second, in terms of the vending machines, you say that close to 11% of your sales are to customers that have vending solutions. Could you talk about the revenues per machine? Is it working towards your goal of 25,000? I believe your goal is 25,000 per unit per year.
Willard Oberton: Yes, our goal is to add 2,000 incremental per machine from each customer. And not all of that will come through the machine, and that's fine with us. It's just new business. And yes, the numbers are playing out. If you really make -- if you look at that, you have to only look at the customers that have been installed in the last 12 months. And we're above -- ahead of that goal by about 10% to 15% right now. Because the customers then -- we can get 2,000 incremental year-over-year over year. It's a one-time punch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Will, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned expectations in gross margin the rest of the year between 51% and 53%. Is there a way we could hone in a little bit on that based on...
Willard Oberton: Sam, I didn't say the rest of the year. I said our long-term range of gross margin is 51% to 53%. We've been stating that for a long time. Right now I think our gross margin is pretty stable in that range where we've been operating, which is much more -- right in the center of that, about where we are now, a little 52%, 52.5%, 51.9%. But I always like to make sure everyone understands Dan and I are comfortable pretty much anywhere between 51% and 53% that we're operating our business well. Because we think that at some level, the investment community gets too narrowed down on 5 basis points one way or the other. And when you have 2,500 businesses putting numbers together over a wide range of area and they're doing their own pricing, it's very hard to get it down to the tenth. But right now we're comfortable in this range, which is just above 52%.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you for the clarification on that. The last question I had before deferring to others, you mentioned that the cutting tool initiative, any sense of -- it might be too early right now to really gauge early returns on that, but how ultimately are you going to define success on that initiative with some mileposts? And how are we going to ascertain how that initiative is coming along from a quantification standpoint?
Willard Oberton: Yes. It's too early to know that. But really how we're going to measure it is by sales growth. We expect that group of products starting out in the third quarter at some level, but probably not reporting till fourth or first to outgrow the company by a pretty wide margin. And at the same time, we expect out of government the same thing we expect out of vending. If we focus on initiative, invest heavily and don't outgrow the company, then it's probably been a bad investment for us.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So you anticipate disclosing those sales then perhaps by year end for the investment community?
Willard Oberton: Well, if you look at our 10-K, the 10-K does have product growth contribution, and so it'll come out automatically in that. And I'm not sure what Dan will do beyond that. But I guess we're always reluctant to put more information because we then have to continue to support it. But we'll do it in the 10-K for sure, and then we'll decide going forward beyond that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Holden Lewis of BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: On this vending machine, I guess you sort of talked about what it's doing from a volume standpoint. If you have any greater insights as to why maybe those revenues are growing as much, that'd be great. You only alluded to it. But seriously, guys [ph], as those play out and grow in the mix, how do you expect the vending model to affect rate of employee adds and sort of what's the margin profile? Are there any differences that accrue to those areas as well from vending picking up?
Willard Oberton: I don't think it will affect our rate of employees added. I mean, if it pushed our growth up disproportionate, we'd have to add more. But vending in itself doesn't change that. It is a little more efficient, but it will take greater scale to bring that efficiency out. Other margin things, what we've done is we've taken the expense, the depreciation, the capital expense of vending, put that against our operating expense because we look at it as nothing other than offsite storage. And we want our leadership, our managers and DMs to think of it that way, so if they have a big vending base, they need a smaller store. We don't want incremental expenses out of this, and we believe we have that pretty well understood and positioned within our P&L and our paid programs. It's really a growth driver, and it's a solution for our customers to save money and run their businesses better. And if it truly plays out to be better for our customers, it should give us long-term growth. And that's really what we're focused on. I'm probably the most bullish person on this and maybe in industrial distribution. It's a solution that works. And we continue to hear that from our customers. And the report I mentioned yesterday on the cutting tool initiative was 45% reduction in consumption. That's pretty strong argument that this solution is going to work. That is [ph] just one and we have a stack of those case studies that look just very much the same.
Daniel Florness: One thing I'd add to that, Holden, is the question of why are you seeing the impact. I think in May, we talked about this and then in previous calls, we touched on that. But picture yourself from the standpoint of our customer. And you have a Fastenal vending machine or a machine physically in your plant. From the standpoint of the people that are using the product, we're a convenient way to get your usage 24/7. We are -- the Fastenal billboard physically in the plant lends itself to our name just becoming more familiar to everybody, and people think of us as the supplier of choice in that facility. And to the person who's heading up the effort on purchasing or managing the facility, if our solutions come in there and reduce your consumption by 20%, 30%, 40%, the question I'd have as the person who's doing the buying, jeez, can I get more machines here, can I run more products through these kinds of solutions? And so it really puts you in a position to be the supplier of choice for that plant.
Willard Oberton: It also gives our people a reason that they have to be in that plant on a regular basis, which leads a higher level of familiarity, a little bit of home court advantage.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. And then just to follow up, the margins have obviously been solid. The one thing that sort of narrowed is that the incremental margin, which Q2 last year was 43.5%. That's kind of backed off each quarter from a point that in Q2, its still good but lower at 29.3%. As the cycle ages, what do you think that incremental margin sort of goes down to and settles in? As we look towards 2012, 2013, what kind of a mature cycle incremental margin that you guys would be targeting?
Daniel Florness: Well, like I said on previous calls, I really think a number around 30% is a number that's achievable. Does that become more challenging over time? Sure, it does. As your comparison number keeps rising and your comps become more difficult, it becomes more challenging. But in an environment where we're growing north of 20%, in an environment where our gross margins are stable to moderately improving and there's things that can moderately improve over time -- one we touched on earlier was the private label. In that environment, where you're getting good growth, good gross margin and you're effectively managing your operating expenses, which I believe we are doing, that puts you in a position where -- I'm not saying a 30% number is easy. As you see, this quarter, I mean, I was disappointed we didn't hit 30% but 29.3% or 29.4%, whatever the number was, very attractive number nonetheless. I think that's a number we can continue to strive for. Obviously, that's a challenging goal for us, but it's a goal that can be achieved. We just need to manage our -- get good sales growth. Maintain our gross margin, nominally improve it and manage our operating expenses well.
Willard Oberton: We've also been investing heavily -- intentionally investing heavily in some of these sales initiatives and knew it might affect us a little bit there. But I think the decisions are very -- we really feel comfortable with those decisions, and they're paying off in our sales growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Hayes of Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: I'm just wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit about the plans for store openings in the back half of the year. Is there a geography that you're focusing on and then kind of thoughts on timing over 3Q and 4Q?
Daniel Florness: Our stated number for the year, the 150 to 200, we've opened 75 in the first 6 months of the year. We talked about on our first quarter call, we've touched on it a little bit in our May conference that we'd anticipate that given the energy that's going into vending and all the other initiatives, that if anything, wed be on the low end of that range. But if the first -- like I say, if you annualize our first 6 months, we're right at the low end of the range. We'll continue opening stores in the third and fourth quarter. And I think that range is still good, but we're putting a lot of energy into our vending, which is, I think, great for our business and great for our customers.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then kind of a follow-up question. You touched on it briefly, but I was hoping maybe you could talk about the contribution you're seeing from the specialized sales initiatives, including the National Accounts and the dedicated sales team. I think on the store breakdown, it represents about 3% of your sales. I'm not sure if that's the exact representation of that. But what are your expectations for those groups over the next couple of years?
Daniel Florness: I think when you refer to that, you're talking about our strategic account stores when you say that 3%. There's a little disconnect there, and maybe we could improve the crispness on how we disclose that. When we talk about our national accounts, we talk about our sales initiatives, these are initiatives to raise the tide in all of our stores. Theyre things that help our stores grow faster, whether that store is the $150,000 a month store down the street here or -- excuse me, over in the middle of Wisconsin or if it's the $40,000 a month store out on the West Coast. It's things that can help raise the tide and give that store manager and district manager more things in their arsenal for growing their business. When we talk about our strategic account stores, that's just a subset of stores, and the reason we carve those out is we like to show the economics of the store model especially when we started the pathway to profit because it really allows us a better means to explain it. But the initiatives are not solely in that strategic account stores. They're across all stores. All we're trying to do in that table is show you a peer [ph] look at here is your $60,000 to $100,000 store. Here's your $100,000 to $150,000 store and what their economics look like. And we carved out both our strategic account stores and our overseas stores. But short of that, a sale is a sale, and it goes through any business unit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: My first question is on the vending. So once some of the more recent contract signings become installed units, is the real current cumulative installed base closer to 5,000 machines? Is that the right way to look at it? 2,900 machines?
Daniel Florness: The cumulative installed machines at the end of the quarter was just over 4,000 machines. And in the first figure, what we're really trying to do is communicate what's the pace. How many machines are we signing that quarter, and there's always going to be a lag. The machine that we signed up the last week of June, or in June in general, those machines -- what happens after a machine is signed, you sit down with a customer and you go through and you decide what SKUs are going to go into this machine. And we're working every day to shorten that window up and provide our customers with better information. Basically, provide them here's what we think would work for your business. But there's always going to be that lag between the deciding process of what products go in and then actually placing the machines in the plant. But at the end of the quarter, we had just over 4,000 machines. If you look at it, we -- the jump up from Q3 to Q4 and then from Q4 to Q1 and then Q1 to Q2, really is a lag from the signings in the table right above it.
Willard Oberton: We have -- basically, most of the machines we signed in the second quarter have not been installed. We have about a 90-day backlog, which is great from a go-forward on sales. But our frustration, mine and Dan's and the other leaders', is let's shorten that up to 50 or 60. Most of that is being held up at the customers side with them struggling to make the decision on what do I put in the machine. And we're working hard to give them, to give the customers better tools, give our people better tools. And our goal is to get that down. We'll probably not get it much below 60 days. It just takes a certain amount of time to do the install. Part of it is they have to bring in clean Internet lines outside of their system. And that's always -- in many cases, it takes 8 weeks just to get the Internet lines. Because the customer doesn't want this running through their IT system. They want a fresh line outside of the plant. There are a lot of details that I'm not familiar with, that I don't know exactly how they work. So we have a big backlog installed, and we have great momentum on signings.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's what I figured. I just thought I'd get some clarification. And then second question, can you just talk about June, how did the month play out, and then maybe speak to geographic or customer strength?
Willard Oberton: Yes. Actually, June started out a little soft and I was starting to believe the ISM for a few days there. Actually, I believed in it, but it started off soft. It came in at a very strong finish in June, the strongest finish we've ever had, which has really turned out to be a good month. Geographically, it was pretty even. We don't have any real soft spots. If anything, the eastern half of the United States is a little softer than the west. I think a little bit of that is driven by a little uncertainty in the auto industry or there was some uncertainty there for late May and some of that. Overall, the entire business did well. International did exceptionally well. It grew at about almost 50%. Regionally, there was no one that was doing great. Some of the areas like the Southwest, the oil belt down there has cooled off a little bit. They're still ahead of the company, but in the first quarter, they were well ahead of the company. So that softened up a little bit. Midwest remained strong. And I think a lot of that is being driven by optimism in the ag industry, and a lot of the agricultural business is doing really well with $7 corn. Any other -- I looked at the numbers close. There's really no area that's soft.
Daniel Florness: I think what helps balance that and one of the things that helped us put up the [indiscernible] sales growth we saw in the second quarter is we just -- there's so many things that are working under the surface. And by working, I mean so many pieces in motion under the surface. Store openings, adding people, adding sales energy, the vending, the government, the cutting tools, the manufacturing. You look at all these pieces -- the international. You have all these pieces. So if you, as Will mentioned, you have an area that's red hot that's just hot. But then, 5 other areas step up to fill the void a little bit and you continue to put up really attractive numbers. So nothing really stands out as a particular geographic area that's unusually strong or unusually weak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry of UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to just clarify earlier comment about pricing and inflation. It sounds like, in the quarter, you didn't see much benefit from pricing nor did you see much impact from product inflation. Is that accurate?
Daniel Florness: That is correct.
Willard Oberton: Yes. In the fasteners, we saw 6, 8 months ago a little bit of price increase. But it's like a rolling hill. It's been moving up and down for the last 12 months. If you look at the CRM [ph] Steel Index, it moves up and then slides down. I spent the last week of April in Asia visiting factories, talking to a lot of people I've known for years about pricing because I was curious. And the Taiwanese and Chinese, they're going -- it's not going to go up a lot. A lot of it is because the demand is ho hum. The demand is good but not great. And they just don't feel they can push price increases. So we look at it as very stable. Chances of it going up are probably greater than going down, but we don't see a lot of movement in either direction.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: Even on the non-fastener side?
Willard Oberton: Even on the non-fastener side because oil has been stable. It's been stable at about $100 a barrel, but it's been in a similar range. It hasn't been going up and down a lot outside of the range, and so that's a big component in the plastics and some of the other products we sell. And I think part of it, too, is the industrial economy is good but still not an environment where you can push price increases a lot from the supplier base. Our suppliers are pushing, and we're fighting back, and in most cases, we win more than we lose.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: And then I also wanted to get in a vending question. Given you're cutting the usage so much for the customers but still seeing that significant growth at the customers with vending, it implies some pretty significant share gain. I'm just wondering where that's coming from? Is that share gain coming from other large suppliers -- I'm sorry, distributors? Or are you resting it more from the small mom and pops?
Willard Oberton: It's really impossible for us to tell. And you have to look at it in the scheme of things. We're doing roughly $30 million -- less than $30 million coming from a broad range. It's hard to tell. A little bit from here, a little bit from there. So every customer is buying from someone else. It's no different than opening a store and taking market. We take a little from everyone if we can. And if we win 2 and lose 1, we're going to end up stronger tomorrow.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Then, just finally if I could sneak one last one in on the government contracts. You're clearly making a bigger push there. As that becomes a more significant part of the business, I was just wondering how you think about pricing on the government contracts could impact pricing across the rest of the business. My sense is that sometimes governments require that they get "the best price." Does that start to have implications for the way you think about pricing across the rest of the business as the government piece gets bigger?
Willard Oberton: Well, the contracts that we are picking picked up our -- it's the Western States Cooperative Alliance, which is a WSCA state cooperative alliance contract. We bid that, and it doesn't say best pricing everywhere. It's very competitive. Federal governments are usually the ones that dictate that they always get the lowest price. And at this time, we don't have a federal government contract that says that. And we have to be very cautious with that because we have a lot of decentralization within our markets. So we're very aware of the rules. We're not going to pick up any business that would affect our overall pricing strategy because that would be detrimental to the rest of the team.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: [indiscernible] a disadvantage as you go after that federal business?
Willard Oberton: No, we just have to understand what the contracts are. You know what, if it does put us at a disadvantage, we'll walk away from it. Because again we're not going to take on one piece of business even if it was a large piece that affects the other $2 billion or $3 billion that we do. So we're not set up for all business.
Daniel Florness: There's a lot of things that we do that puts us in a better position and a worse position for things in life. We like to make money on all of our business. Some customers -- some situations you can't make money, and you walk away from it.
Willard Oberton: Yes. And we have to look at the effect on the overall business. You bid something so low, and then you have to reduce the rest of your business. That's bad business. So we're looking at all the opportunities and not all of them have those clauses in them. Many of them don't.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari of Crdit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a question on your store closings. It seems like those have picked up slightly. Could you maybe comment on what you're thinking going forward on shutting down stores and any potential cannibalization that you're seeing in terms of your store numbers?
Daniel Florness: Actually, our store closings in the first 6 months of this year were identical to our store closings in the first 6 months of last year. I think being willing to look objectively at everything you do and assessing everything you do every day is a healthy thing for a business. And if I look at where we have had closings, it's typically a situation where our district or regional leadership has looked at their opportunities in a market and said, You know what, I have a great market. It might be a market that I had 3 stores. I went to 4. I have a lease coming due in one of the stores, and I think I could serve the market better with 3 than 4. And in an environment where I have all the things in my arsenal, including vending, that might be a better solution. When I look at cumulatively how many we've closed over a 40-year period, the number is inconsequential. So I think it's a healthy way to look at your business everyday of saying, what do I do to make my business better in this market, in this district, in this region. And so I don't think it means a lot for our business on a go-forward basis. It just means we'll take a good, healthy assessment of everything we do.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: That's very helpful. And then, just a follow-up question. Did you guys see any benefit from weather in Q2? What I mean by that is any negative sales growth due to weather in Q1? Did you see any of that get pushed out into the second quarter?
Willard Oberton: No. Normally, when there are weather delays or when you lose weather -- or lose business to weather, you very seldom ever make it up because it just gets pushed further out. If a construction job gets shut down for a week, the whole thing slides back a week. So really didn't see any of that. We did have generally good weather in the second quarter, other than all the tornadoes and the flooding. And that usually balances out. But initially, what happens after a big flood or a tornado is most of the plants shut down because the people are working with their -- sorry, Dan's phone is ringing -- people are working to take care of their parents' houses and other things. So overall, too small to measure if there was an effect.
Daniel Florness: With that, we are just past -- 45 minutes past the hour. And so we'd like to conclude the call. And we thank again our shareholders for their continued support in the Fastenal business and our employees for a very good quarter and very good execution. Thank you.
Willard Oberton: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Willard Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Co. Q1 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Ellen Trester, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Co. 2011 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations homepage, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until June 1, 2011, at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results, as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from those forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Willard Oberton: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I'm very happy about the quarter. I think the Fastenal team performed well in the first quarter. We had sales growth of 23%. We were helped by an extra day, but we'll take it. The real exciting thing or the thing that makes us very optimistic about going into the year is our strong sequential trend. The way the quarter played out, we had a good January, and then it went a little bit soft in February. We believe it was due to weather, but then, we came back very strong in March, where our March daily average was 7% higher than our February daily average, much above our normal sequential trend.  For the January to March trend, more historically, we would be up 6.2%. But this year, we're up 8.6%. So moving forward at a nice pace, and we're excited by the progress that we've made. I feel good about our progress on the gross margin. Our gross margin was up 90 basis points over the first quarter of last year. It was even with the fourth quarter, but a lot of that is geography, and Dan's going to give a better report on that. But we're making nice progress working on our margin, and we're well within our 51% to 53% range that we talk about right in the middle of that.  From an expense standpoint, our SG&A grew at 16.7%. And that's, I believe, they did a really good job or the group did a really good job on that. Labor was up when you put in all the health costs and all the other things, about 26% well above sales growth. But it's really being driven by the rebound of our bonuses, which we're very happy that, that's happening. Bonuses were up more than 100% year-over-year. So if we're going to spend money, that's the place to spend it.  The other expenses, once you take the labor out, were actually flat to slightly down year-over-year, and that's just due to a strong focus on all the details. We learned a lot in the 2009 recession about where we needed to spend money and where we shouldn't be spending money, and it's coming through in the quarterly results in 2011. From a pretax profit standpoint, we reported 20.1%. The first time that we've been over 20% in the first quarter for well over a decade. So we're proud of that. And it really puts us on a good track for our 'pathway to profit' progress that we talked about in the fourth quarter of being over 20%. So we're really moving towards the goals that we need to hit. From a future standpoint, what we're looking for going forward, I'll start with a little history on that. At the beginning of 2010 -- really, the end of 2009, the beginning of 2010, we were really working hard to determine where we should invest in growth drivers outside of our normal new store openings. And the decisions we made were to add additional sales people at a higher level -- National Accounts, government sales, Automated Supply or vending and some product specialists, which we did. So looking at those groups, our National Accounts business, we over invested in that group, was drawing very nicely. We have a lot of activity with the large customers. We've seen tremendous success with our government sales efforts. At the beginning of 2010, we've put in a Vice President of Government Sales. We restructured how we approach that business because we hadn't done is what we felt to be a very good job at chasing that business or trying to go out and get that business.  John and his team, that new government sales rep, were very active in the last year, trying to understand the business. And at the end of 2010, we signed a contract with the TPCN, which is a purchasing network that represents state buyers. The beginning of this year, we signed a contract with WSCA, which is Western States Cooperative Alliance, which is also a large purchasing alliance that represents state and political subgroups. Basically, they negotiate deals for states and then states can opt-in with the bids. That business is not coming through yet because we're working out all the details.  We think it has a lot potential for the future. Our large competitors have done a very nice job with that. So we're very optimistic with what we're doing with government sales going forward. And what it really does, if you think about it, it just expands the local market for a store because without these agreements, we really don't have the ability to sell to these local entities. With the agreement, it expands the market for the local store.  Another area that we're optimistic about going into the future is our Fastenal Automated Supply Technology, otherwise known as vending. We've been investing in that program for about the last two to two and a half years. We really started at the beginning of 2009. We're seeing very nice progress. We're seeing good adoption from our customers, and our plan is to continue to invest in the automated supply and continue to roll that out to our customers.  The other growth driver and probably the most important growth driver that we have is hiring quality people. What we foresee going into the rest of the year or the remainder of the year is, we'll continue to hire sales people, sales in the store and around the store at a rate of about 60% to 70% of sales growth. So that if we're able to grow our sales at 20%, we would put in 12% to 14% new head count into the stores. And then we will continue to hire support people at a lower rate but at a rate sufficient to support the sales growth, and that we had really seen most of those people would in distribution and manufacturing roles because that's really where we need the people to drive and support the sales going forward. So although this is a brief report, I'm very happy with the quarter. I'd like to congratulate the Fastenal people that are on here today, and thank them for the effort that they put forth.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan to report and give us a more in-depth report.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Will, and good morning, everybody. And again, thank you for participating in our call. Today, much to everybody's pleasure, I will be very brief. Some of the highlights I'd note from our earnings release, again, on Pages 1 and 2, we highlight year-over-year growth patterns in our stores and in a subset of our stores, our two plus and our five plus. And I'm happy to report that the two and five year-old plus stores, they saw nice gains in the second half of 2010 as their growth was taking off. And we're seeing that continue in the first three months of 2011. From a sequential sales pattern, as Will said, from January to March, despite the weather impacts in February, we've seen sequential gains that are well above our expected. In fact, March was about 2.4%, sequentially better than history would tell us it should be. And that bodes well if we go into the second and third quarters. And the information you hear out of ISM also bodes well as I look forward into the second and third quarters. From an end market perspective, manufacturing continues to hold strong. We are seeing a pickup in momentum in our construction end markets, which is one piece of our business that was lagging as we went through 2010 and seeing very nice sequential gains from that business. 'Pathway to profit', Will mentioned some of the investments we've been making on the people side. A few things that I'd point out. If I look at the store FTE, which is up about 12% from a year ago, since we started the 'pathway to profit', our store FTE is up about almost 23%. Our non-store selling personnel, the three areas that Will mentioned, as well as the investments and manufacturing sales personnel, is up 27% from where it was at the start of 2007. So a lot of additional selling energy embedded in our organization, not only over the last 12 months but over the last four years.  If you look at DC and Manufacturing, our previous peak month was September 2008, and that's where our head count and distribution manufacturing had peaked. Right now, we're actually about 8.5% below that. A lot of that from the efficiencies we've gained in our investments in distribution over the last four to five years. If I would remove the Holo-Krome acquisition of late 2009, our manufacturing distribution head count is actually down about 12.5% from the peak in the fall 2008. And, again, largely credited to the efficiency gains that we've incorporated into our distribution systems over the last several years. One of the things that we highlighted when we started the 'pathway to profit' was the efficiency we'd also seen in our support personnel because of the overhead that's associated with opening stores more than growing sales. And if I look at our support FTE, we're actually flat, down slightly, in fact, from where we were in the first quarter of 2007, the last quarter before the 'pathway to profit'. When we look at gross profit margin, as Will touched on, we're soundly in the middle of our long-term stated range of 51% to 53%, a range that we think allows for good, efficient growth of our business and serves well on our 'pathway to profit' initiative.  If I look at the components of our gross margin on a year-over-year basis and a sequential basis, our transactional margin improves. So it improved both from Q1 to Q1 and from Q4 2010 to Q1 2011. Our organizational gross profit, which is really our buying scale -- that improved from Q1 to Q1 and from Q4 to Q1. So we have nice momentum in the components that make up our gross margin.  The third piece, when we look at the vendor allowances, everything from rebate programs to the way we move product with freight, et cetera, on a year-over-year basis, that's up nicely. On a Q4-to-Q1 basis, Q1 is more than normalized number. Q4 was actually a little bit higher than normal because of some rebate programs coming in stronger than we expected in late last year. So despite about a 30 basis point drop in that from Q4 to Q1, again, now we're back to a more normalized number. We were able to maintain our gross margins and that 30 basis point improvement all came from the first two categories I mentioned. As Will touched on, our payroll and health care, our people cost included in SG&A, increased about 27% from a year ago. If you look at all the remaining expenses within SG&A, they're actually flat with the year ago, and that's our overall increase of about 17%. If I peel back that onion a little bit, there's a few things in there that were working against us. One is, as a distribution organization, we spend a fair amount on energy, both at our store locations and within our vehicles suite. If you look at some of the information we put into the earnings release, our diesel fuel is up about 25% from first quarter to first quarter. That's a per gallon cost. Our gasoline is up about 20% at a per gallon cost. All I can say that those two stats is ouch because that raised our fuel dollar spend by about 34% when you combine that with the growth in our business.  If you look at occupancy, we did a nice job on that. We had some increases due to both energy costs that I've just mentioned, the new Holo-Krome facility in Connecticut that we moved into and increases in real estate taxes. But if I look at the actual rent dollars that we paid out, they were up about 2.5% from first quarter 2010. Lastly, on the balance sheet side, on the working capital piece, I think we did a nice job managing both our accounts receivable growth and inventory growth when you factor in the added sales March to March. When I look at cash flow as a percentage of earnings, our operating cash came in at 93.4%. Typically, first quarter is seasonally high. Our stated range for that is 80% to 90% on annualized basis. We were able to announce for the first time in our history, a dividend for the second quarter. We announced a $0.26 dividend last night. And we also announced the intention of our board to migrate from a semi-annual dividend payment frequency to a quarterly payment frequency, and this is the first evidence of that. The final thing I'll touch on, and this is just a little tidbit for the day. One thing that jumped out of me as I was looking at not only the quarter, but also the month of March and some activity in our stock price recently, this quarter appeared to be the quarter of tens for us. Now it's the first time in our history, our market capitalization snapped above $10 billion. And congratulations to all the Fastenal employees and shareholders on the call.  Second, our International business is now 10.3% of sales. That's what it came out to in the first quarter. So we've made a nice transition over the last decade from primarily a North American business, but primarily a U.S. to truly an International Distribution business.  And then the final piece is, if you noticed in our monthly sales release, our daily average for the month of March was $10,501,000 per day. That is the first month since September of 2008, where our daily average is over $10 million a day. And so it's nice to have the, finally, the shadow of the meltdown of late '08, early '09 behind us as we move into the rest of the year.  With that, Will and I are open to questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: First off, I was wondering, was there any impact from price increases in the first quarter, and if you could discuss fasteners and all the rest of your products separately. And then second related question is, do you plan to hold prices down in order to gain share until your cost of goods sold rises via FIFO? Or will you raise prices with the market as fasteners go up and try to capture incremental margin earlier?
Willard Oberton: This is Will. I'll answer the second question first, Dave. We plan to push prices up as soon as we can and hopefully capture incremental margin. But we're not seeing a tremendous amount of inflation. If you look at the Asian steel and actually CRU, if you look at the April, May price per ton and you look at the December price per ton, steel was very flat throughout 2010. It has gone up in the first three months of this year. We have to understand, on the fastener side of our business, it's a long cycle. The product we buy, say in October of 2010, we'll be selling in June to October of 2011. We have about six to seven months worth of inventory, and it takes three to four months to get the product so it's a very long cycle. So we have not seen a lot of inflation in either the fasteners -- we've seen a little bit more in the non-fastener business, but we do anticipate inflation coming through, and we're hearing that from our suppliers. One of the reasons, we believe, we've not seen more inflation on the fasteners is the Taiwanese -- mainly Taiwanese but some Chinese factories we're buying from are running at about anywhere between 75% and 85% capacity and they're reluctant to push real hard on pricing because volume is the game for them. Our purchasing manager was just over there in Asia about two or three weeks ago and, in fact, Dan was with them, and that's what they saw when they were there.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: All right. Thanks, Will. And just as a quick follow-up to that, to our surveys, all the things we've been hearing about significant price increases in fasteners, some of our contacts from overseas, do you think you have an advantage relative to others in the markets, I mean, you look at competitively, are you seeing others being forced to raise prices at this time or in the near future? And, again, you might be able to operate under that umbrella for a while?
Willard Oberton: We're hearing more about price increases from the investment community than we are from the industrial distribution community. We've talked to our guys a lot about it. We're pushing some, and we pushed some of our wholesale prices up, but it's a little bit of a longer cycle. And one of the things that happened in the fastener industry is Heads & Threads, which was the largest middle person. They were the largest distributor in the U.S. They bought from Asia and sold to distributors. They went out of business and this kind of settled the market a little bit right now. We're not sure where it's going. Again, we do anticipate fasteners going up. We're seeing increases as we speak, but we have to push those through to the customers. One big difference between now and 2007 and '08 is, in 2007 and '08, the angle was very clear. It was sharp and it was moving up. If you look at steel over the last year and a half, it's been rolling. It's generally rolling up, but it's going up and going down. It's a little bit harder to peg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Two questions from me. First is on gross margins. Is 52% a number we can improve as the year goes along or does the mix shift to larger OEM accounts and away from fasteners hold that back a little bit?
Daniel Florness: Well, good morning, Ryan. The mix shift is definitely keeping being both away from fasteners and with a lot of OEM business. Those two mix shifts have been holding our margin in check, quite frankly, for the last 15, 16 months. And it still holds it somewhat in check. The wildcard is, as Will just touched on, some of the inflation and how that plays out as we go into the year. We think there is a potential for some upside and as we cycle through our inventory that's on the shelf and the stuff we ordered last fall. But at the end of the day, you always have to take a step back and appreciate the way we go to market and the way we price our product. We have 2,500 locations out there. We influence those locations, don't get me wrong, by periodic adjustments to our wholesale prices, pushing the group of stores, the group of districts that maybe are performing on the bottom half of the group that is out there -- pushing them to rise to the performance of the remaining group. But at the end of the day, our pricing from day-to-day and from week to week is dictated by those 2,500 store managers and their support group and their local marketplace and their compensation programs, as we have always touched on. And that's why we always cite that 51% to 53% range. We think in a period of inflation, we can be in the upper half of that. In a period of deflation like we saw in 2009, it can dip a little bit.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. And then I noticed that fasteners were below 48% of sales in the quarter. What is driving this mix change and should this trend continue or does it slow down a bit as we move throughout the year?
Daniel Florness: Well, I guess I would phrase it a little differently. I'd say our non-fasteners are growing exceptionally well. Our fasteners are growing very well, and our non-fasteners have grown to close to 52% rather than the other has dropped to 48% because I think it's supportive of the improvements we're seeing right now in our Construction business, the headway that we're making in some of the government business trend up because that tends to have a pretty strong non-fastener balance to it as well. And so it's more of a function of other things that are gaining momentum more than I'd say fasteners slowing down because the fasteners are doing quite well for us.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, that makes sense. And then the last question, just touch briefly on what you're seeing for growth in terms of the reseller, international and government end markets.
Daniel Florness: They're growing above the company number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A couple of quick ones. First off, the inventory per store was up less than the organic sales growth. I'm curious as to, is this a function of better efficiency? Was this a strategic decision? How should we look at inventory levels on a go-forward basis?
Daniel Florness: The inventories will continue to grow well below overall sales growth. And actually, if you looked at our inventory per stores, it's close to flat with where it was a year ago. We continued to expand the inventories in our distribution centers to support the growth of the business and the initiatives we have in place, supporting a broader category and good fulfillment as we enter into some of these other arenas such as the manufacturing growth, the government sales growth and the industrial vending.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last question before I defer to others, how much do you suppose was the very strong March results a result of, perhaps, some get back from the poor weather in February and January and how much of that do you believe is reflective of the underlying strength in your end markets?
Willard Oberton: This is Will. I think that the vast majority is due to the underlying strength in our end markets and our execution. Historically, we've never really gotten back much from weather because when plants don't open up, they don't make that up. And so, there may be a little bit, but very little, truly driven by, I think, good execution at the field and the strong economy. And we see that with what our competitors are putting up to.
Daniel Florness: The only thing I would add into support that is, if you look at February and what happened with our business, the weather impacts of February was all centered on the first seven to eight days of the month. I mean, it was that -- think of a Super Bowl week. You saw our business, especially in the Texas markets, what we call Mid South -- Oklahoma, et cetera, that whole areas there were just hammered. And so some of that was able the snap back, but I know there was in month of February just a hole.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That would suggest that April is still running above seasonal trend then?
Willard Oberton: We don't comment on April.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: But March definitely ran above seasonal trend?
Willard Oberton: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Holden Lewis with BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Just speak about your expectations for these four SG&A elements that you talked about, the payroll cost, the healthcare occupancy, selling? And I guess, obviously, payroll goes up as revenues go up and profits. But what are you expecting out of healthcare, occupancy and selling transportation? Do you expect that those will remain leveraged? Have they been -- had the spending been really squeezed and therefore that needs to pick up? I mean, how do we look at that?
Daniel Florness: Well, let's start with the components. If you look at payroll and you think back to what was going on in our business as we emerged from 2009 to 2010, our incentive compensation -- commissions at the store, profit daily bonuses, profit sharing dollars are going to our 401(k). If you look at those things, they really took off in the second quarter of 2010 because that's when our growth really took off because first quarter of 2010, we still had a pretty weak quarter. Our year-over-year sales numbers were very weak. Our performance, again, driven by the economy was weaker. So this is really the fourth quarter of a period where our year-over-year comparisons on the labor side are in the situation we're in. When I look at Q2, Q3, and Q4, I would expect that payroll numbers as a percentage increase over the last year, it will come back dramatically.
Willard Oberton: Probably drove very similar to sales growth.
Daniel Florness: Lower than sales growth. if I look at the remaining operating expenses, health insurance really peaked up as we got into the summer month of 2009 and the latter half of 2009. That was quite strong in the first half of 2010, but we even started seeing it last year where because the healthcare was getting more normal. Some things that really drove it up for us were, we had a lot of employees that switched from single coverage to family coverage and a lot of those situations where their spouse either lost insurance coverage or lost their job and they came on board, and family coverage is more expensive than single coverage. And part of it is because you're insuring more people, part of it because the population is typically a little bit older and whereas 20-year olds don't incur a lot of healthcare. And so when I look through the balance of the year, I feel very confident about our ability to manage both our payroll cost and that will improve as not only a percentage of sales, but the percent increase, and the remaining expenses will improve as well. You have to keep in mind, in 2010, we also had our settlement with the GSA and that was recorded throughout the 2010 year. That won't reoccur in 2011, so there's a bit of advantage there.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, so all four of those categories then continued to look leverageable to you is what I'm hearing.
Daniel Florness: Yes.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: The second question, I guess following-up on that is, if you look at just your incremental margins, each quarter over the last four, I mean, its come down from the 44% to 39% to 37% and about 32% in Q1. Where do expect those incrementals to go to? Do you expect them to keep coming down into the mid-20s or can we sustain at this level, what's sort of the thought process with that?
Daniel Florness: I expect those to remain in the 30s as we go through the year. And, again, I believe the bias is positive for us when I look at the gross margin side. When I look at the operating expenses, I believe the bias is positive. And so, I believe in our ability to maintain incremental margin in the 30s is very achievable as we go through the year.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Does that require pricing to achieve that or you can do it even if pricing doesn't materialize?
Daniel Florness: If you look at our gross margin from Q4 to Q1, we actually improved our transactional gross margin in from Q4 to Q1 and that was absent any type of meaningful price increase.
Willard Oberton: And the signs are that we will have pricing. We are paying more for product today. It's just the cycle coming through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Dan, I think in your earlier comments, you, I believe, referenced the international contribution to overall revenues in the month of March being 10.3%. Last year, I'm showing that number was only was 8% of revenue. So I was just wondering if you could maybe talk through over the last couple two, three months, what is going on in the international markets, where you're seeing particular strength in such.
Willard Oberton: This is Will. It really isn't the last two or three months. We've had well above average growth out of our international markets throughout 2010, continuing in 2011. All of the markets that we are in outside the United States are very strong. Canada is above the U.S., not nearly as much as the rest of the markets. Mexico is very strong right now. China, Singapore, U.K. and Eastern Europe are the areas that we're seeing unusually good growth. Our International business as a whole was up. So you have, I think, about 49% -- I knew it was right at 50%, so that group of business grew at 50% or 49% year-over-year. But there is nothing unusual in that and Steven Rucinski, our Executive Vice President who runs that, is investing to maintain growth levels far above Fastenal. I'm not saying 49%, but he believes he can outpace the company by double digit margins for years to come if he continues to invest. If you look back historically at Fastenal, the constraints to investing were finding enough people and having enough cash. Steve doesn't have the cash problem because we can support him, and he has a large population of U.S. citizens that are willing to go and support his business in other areas of the world, so those are two things that he can work -- use to drive his growth for years to come.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Great, and then I guess my other question, in terms of all the additions you've made in some of the strategic selling areas, some of the non-store selling areas, is there any way, I mean, I know in the past you've signaled on data points about strategic account growth or maybe government international accounts, is there any other data points you can show us in terms of revenue growth contribution from some of these initiatives or as most of that -- how performance still in front of us?
Daniel Florness: I can share this much and part of that, we're being a little closed with some of the information, but I can tell you that all those areas you talked about are growing well above what the company is performing and as we've mentioned, one of the things that we're making investments in is the industrial vending. And as we go through 2011, we'll be sharing more of that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: I was hoping maybe you could give us a little bit more color on the strength that you're seeing in your construction-related business? And then secondly, could you just address the cadence of store openings this year, how you'd expect that to progress and what was behind the five store closings in the first quarter?
Daniel Florness: Well, first off, on the construction, I'll be honest with you. Our information is always a bit cryptic because you have so many active accounts out there that make up the number. What I can tell you is, we're seeing nice improvements in the trends, and it's not geographically limited. It's pretty well diverse across the continent. And so it's just you're seeing a pickup in activity. And like we saw when the markets really melted down, that was the last one to slow down because the projects, once they're funded -- you don't stop a building when you have 10-story building, you have two stories left. But you might not start a new one or you might not start a new road project or a bridge. But when the energy starts going into getting that re-lit, again, there's a latency because there's funding constraints, there is permitting constraints, there is construction constraints, once it starts being lit, you see nice improvements, and they tend to be sustainable improvements. And that's really what we're seeing right now. But it's well split across the country. As far as store openings, the 37 was a nice start to the year. It's on pace with the 150 to 200 we talked about. When I look at second quarter, we have a big customer show coming up in May, and so you will see some slippage in the openings probably in April and May because of that because all of our new stores ship out of that facility. We're trying to work around as much as possible, pre-prepping, if that's the correct word, some of the materials so we can maintain our store openings. But we're still confident about our 150 to 200 range for the year. As far as the closings, over the last several years, you've seen some closings. It's typically a case of people doing a nice job everyday of assessing their investments, their locations and where the best investment dollars need to be. In some markets, where we've seen very depressed situations, we've actually consolidated some of our stores. And part of that was on the managing of occupancy side. You had a market where we could easily service -- instead of having three locations, you could easily service the market out of two, you had a lease that was coming due, when you combine those stores. And I think that's always a good move and something that's healthy for a company to do every year. With that said, when I look at those markets, I still believe those markets will support additional stores in the future. I don't think this is a statement about any given markets or stores, it's really a statement about being prudent in the time that still is a weakened financial period, and our districts and regional leadership are making our decisions every day.
Willard Oberton: I think, Adam, if you look at our small stores and how much they're losing, that number continues to drop because of this focus, and part of that focus is the guys that are in the field are saying, you know what, this one's on the bottom of that losing list. Let's make a business decision and move on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a question on your inventory levels. It seems like you've been building for the last couple of quarters. Are you going to continue to build given where your demand environment is right now, given that you're seeing stronger-than-expected seasonality, just wondering how to think about that going forward.
Daniel Florness: For us, the opportunity cost that comes from not staying ahead of your customer's needs is -- so periodically, when you run out of product, you have to do whats called the fill-in buy. That fill-in buy is an extremely expensive proposition for us. In a situation where we have a very strong balance sheet and we have products that have very strong attributes from a gross margin standpoint, and we have a very, very good distribution system, we've been willing to let that inventory grow faster over the last few years. Two years ago, we contracted it quite dramatically as it reacts to the economic slowdown. But what we're really focusing our energy on everyday is, obviously, managing the growth and being smart about it. Buying a little bit of extra product last fall or even in the first quarter of this year, we floored some potential inflation, I think, so its a good move as long as you dont get carried away with it. Then we're working every day to better position where our inventory is, does this belong -- is it better for this group of products to be in a store or in a distribution center to support our customers and their needs. So, I'm sure we'll grow this year, but we're very confident in our ability to continue to improve our inventory turns and our days on hand.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: All right. Thank you. Just a follow-up question, when you look at your long-term 23% EBIT margin target, are you assuming that your mix goes back to normal or the fasteners go back above 50%? Just wondering what that assumes in terms of mix or does that not really matter?
Willard Oberton: Mix matters, but we are not assuming, to be honest with you, I would be surprised if our fasteners ever go above 50% again. This is a long trend that we knew would happen 15 years ago when we started selling other products. This fastener, as a percentage of industrial consumption or Distribution business only represents 8% to 10% of the overall opportunity. So, our 23% target is based on the integrated gross margin between 51% and 53%, and driving our average store size to between 100,000 and 110,000. And if you look at the information that we provide, if you put the pieces together, that will point you in that direction. And if we're able to maintain that margin at the average store size where it is or where I just stated, we will be in that 23% EBIT margin range at that point in history, and we're confident that we can do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to follow up on the non-res question. I think last quarter, you had mentioned that you were seeing signs of strength in energy, healthcare, education and government. And I was wondering if the comment today indicated that there are now other areas in non-res besides those that are starting to see momentum?
Willard Oberton: The real strength we're seeing is in the ones that you just stated. But because of the improvement or based on the improvement, we've dug deeper and it looks like there's some other project, but nothing of size. There's just more activity, which lends us to believe that other companies are spending money. We know that some factories are being built. We know there is improvement within factories to make capacity, and we're doing some things within our business we're expanding. We just expanded our IT area and put in a bunch of mechanicals because we had to. There is more of that activity going on. But it's not big projects where they're getting out the bulldozer and putting up 50-story buildings. The real core of our construction strength non-res would first be energy, and a lot of that has to do with power plants and oil refineries. There is still some government spending, which would be typically buildings, courthouses, things like that, colleges, and then the medical industry continues to build -- a lot of it is like smaller clinics in rural -- new facilities. That's been good business for us. But overall, there is more activity and what we're seeing in a small scale is these renovations and things like that for people to pick up capacity. We're still seeing nothing on the -- like in retail, the Targets, the Home Depots, the strip malls, the towers downtown. That's pretty much non-existent from what we're seeing.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, and then just a little shift in focus to the growth outlook. I mean, really good performance in the first quarter, up 23% organic. The comps get much tougher as we move through the year. I'm wondering how you're thinking about the top line growth outlook in the context of those much more difficult comps.
Daniel Florness: Well, if you look at the sequential patterns to our business, it's all about where we are now and where do we think we'll be in June or we think we'll be in September. And when I look at 2010 -- and if you look at that chart we have -- that graph, excuse me, that we have on the Page 3 of our press release, I think it really tells that story that the sequential patterns, it sometimes amazes me how close 2010 mirrored the sequential pattern. And when I look at 2011, we're mirroring to exceeding that pattern. Some of the points where we exceeded the pattern were on the last -- once we get past July of last year, but even that wasn't excessive. And I think we're in a great position to have very nice growth throughout 2011 because of our sequential pattern and the momentum it creates and some other data points, the strong IFM, et cetera.
Willard Oberton: Our comps really have been consistent since our sequential patterns since the July of 2009, coming off of the bottom. If you look at month-to-month and map it out, there's been tremendous amount of consistency. What we have to do to produce above-average results is on month-to-month improvement, which we've been able to do for three months this year, but there's nine months left.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, and then just finally, on the distribution side, can you remind us what initiatives, if any, that are noteworthy or are still to come in terms of the distribution network or was Indianapolis kind of the last big...
Willard Oberton: If you look out further into the future, what we did in both Dallas and Indianapolis is, we installed automation that reduced our labor and improved our throughput. We're testing the automation. We're very comfortable with what we did. And in the future, we would foresee putting that automation eventually in most of our distribution centers. But we're not going to install it until we have volume issues because it really only pays for itself if you need the capacity increase and throughput. So what we're doing at this point is, we're looking at all of our distribution centers. We have it kind of mapped out in a time line and where we predict, foresee the greatest sales growth and demand in over the next three to five years, we will be rolling this technology out into most of our distribution centers. Or, I'd say, it's three to seven years. And I'm sure as we go on, we'll find new technologies and new automation that make it even better and give us even a greater return, is what we would foresee because that's been our history.
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: How significant a component is that to the margin growth expectation? I mean, I know it's mostly is focused on...
Willard Oberton: You mean the operating margin?
Robert Barry - UBS Investment Bank: Yes.
Willard Oberton: It really isn't. It's not built in. We're going to -- our gross or operating margin is really what I said, average store size and gross margin in the 51% to 53% range. I mean, it sounds simple. It's not. It's hard work, but that's what we're...
Daniel Florness: But the math is simple.
Willard Oberton: The math is simple.
Daniel Florness: With that, it is 45 minutes past the hour, actually 47. Again, thank you, everybody, for participating in our call this morning, and we look forward to progressing through the balance of the year. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester -  Willard Oberton - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Daniel Florness - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Companies Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs & Company David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Co. 2010 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ellen Trester.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to the Fastenal Co. 2010 Annual and Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan, with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until March 8, 2011 at midnight, Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that would cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only, and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call.  Today, GlobeNewswire is experiencing technical difficulties posting our press release this morning. The 8-K filing on EDGAR has posted and is available on our website. We are working with GlobeNewswire to resolve this issue as quickly as possible. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead Mr. Oberton.
Daniel Florness: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everyone for joining us this morning. Prog report, the numbers for the fourth quarter and for 2010. Starting out with sales growth, we grew our business by 17.6% for the entire year. For the quarter, we grew at 20.3%. We didn't see a little bit of softness in November, but it bounced back nicely in December and actually had a strong month from start to finish.  The positive things about our sales growth is that the growth is widespread. We're seeing good growth in almost all regions of the country, geographic areas. Our international business is doing very well. The business grew over 30% for the year, and we have a lot of good things going on in the international side. So we're very excited about that and about the good domestic growth. As the company reported 44.8% pretax growth for 2010 and for the fourth quarter, we hit right at 50%, I'm very proud of those numbers. We've worked very hard at that. On the net earnings side, it was a little lower because our tax rate was slightly higher for the year. We had 43.9% earnings growth for the year and 46.3% for the quarter, both solid numbers.  A lot of the earnings growth was driven because of the nice job we did on expense control. Our SG&A for the year overall expenses for the year were up 8.5%. For the quarter, it went a little higher at 15.1%. Dan is going to touch a little bit on that as we go into the call.  Some of the expense areas that I was really excited about. Our non-payroll expense for the year was actually flat to down slightly. It was basically flat for the year. Really good job by the team working on everything we could do and working hard to control that. With the payroll expense, we were only up 8.5% but that was driven by commissions and bonuses rebounding from our 2009 expenses. Other areas in the expense category that I think we did a very nice job on. The first would be distribution. Distribution expense is the closest expense we have related to the physical movement of product. You move more product, you move more weight, you spend more money. It's pretty straightforward. But our group worked really hard at implementing some new software, some new ideas, some better ways of doing business and it grew our business by 17%, and grew their expenses by less than 4% in the warehouse side of our business. And I was really proud of those numbers, so I looked at them at the end of the year and proud of the team that did that.  On the transportation side, it's also a very physical part of our business, moving weight because as I've said many times, the product we sell is pretty inexpensive by the pound. We sell processed steel. Our transportation group did a nice job in rising in an environment where they feel prices were rising and actually turned the profit for the company after you considered putting all the credits we received from suppliers for holding product fee, the charges we charge the customers for delivering product, it netted out and in our expenses it netted out that we actually had a profit for the year. And I think, in the whole three of the last three quarters, we turned a profit in freight. So I know they're job well done by the people in the transportation department. As far as hiring, we did hire about 700 sales people throughout the year, people within our stores. Going forward, we will continue to add people into our store and sales operations. And right now, what we're planning for is to ads people in the stores at about 60% to 70% the rate of our sales growth. So if you look at the fourth quarter, it's easy to do the math. We'll probably add 13% to 14% additional store people if we continue to grow at about the rate we're growing today. If we were to accelerate out of that, we would increase. And if we were to slow down, we would bring that back trying to manage our expense.  On the support personnel side, which makes up approximately 30% of our labor force today, we will add some people in 2011. We've been tight for the last few years. Our plan there is to add support personnel at half or less the rate of sales. So again, looking at where we are with the month-to-month releases, it's pretty easy to figure out what our plan is. Our store openings, we had a strong finish in the store openings that was really designed in the beginning of the year, trying to understand how the year was going to play out. The year played out well, so we increased our openings in the second half. Going forward, our plan for 2011 is to open between 149 and 200 stores, which is a 6% to 8% range. We may round that up to 150 to 200, it sounds better, Dan. So we're optimistic and we're going to open stores. We believe it's one of the cores to our growth strategy. Switching to 'pathway to profit'. 'Pathway to profit' for those of who you that aren't familiar is our strategic growth plan that we laid out in 2007. And what I'd like to say is we're back on course for the 'pathway to profit'. With the profit improvements that we've identified through this slowdown over the last two years, found new ways of doing business, ways of saving money. We now believe that we're going to achieve the 23% pretax number with a lower average store size. If you recall, when we first laid this out, we had said we needed to achieve an average store size of 125,000 per store per month.  Looking at our current release we just put out today, if you look at that data, it shows that we really need to be at about $100,000 to $110,000 per month looking at those numbers to achieve a 23% pretax rate, and we're comfortable that these numbers are sustainable going forward. If nothing else, we might be able to improve them slightly. Based on that, we should be able to achieve the $100,000 to $110,000 average store size in 2013, bringing the 'pathway to profit' timeline back a couple of years from what we have stated six to nine months ago. And so we are very excited about that. One of the great benefits of 'pathway to profit' is the return on the business that we get -- the return on invested capital assets equity. However, you look at it when the pretax moves up, the return gets moved up like it has a lever on it because there's a great advantage there.  So before I close and hand it over to Dan, I just want to let you know that as an organization, we're starting out the year with a very high level of optimism and focus. And we're just really excited about going into the new year. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan. And then when he's done, we'll answer some questions.
Daniel Florness: Thanks, Will, and good morning, everybody. And again, thank you for joining us on our call this morning. Im just going to highlight a few points in the press release just for the convenience of the reader out there. First off, on is to reiterate about Will's points. If you look at Page 1, one item I'd just like to highlight is as Will mentioned, the leverage slipped a little bit in our trend, but December snapped back nicely. And I'm pleased to say, when I look at our various groups of stores and I look at our two-plus group, the fact that we were at 16.8% growth in that group in the final month of the year. It's a nice way to end the year and launch into the new year. So I'm pleased with the recovery in December and nice sales number for the entire quarter. When I look into the document a little bit and I get into Pages 2 and 3, and we start looking at some of the sequential patterns that I started talking about a year ago on this call, and in a little more detail to try to explain or for us to try to understand what was really happening as we went through the downturn and then the recovering of the model to our business. As you saw back in February, there was a little weather weakness, but other than that month, we are at or above trend in every month as we progressed on our January, October pattern and prepare ourselves for 2011. And continuing on to Page 4, that chart that lays out the patterns in our Manufacturing and Non-Res Construction business. Manufacturing, as we have talked about in 2009 had bottomed out earlier in the year and was performing quite well towards the tail end of '09 and then to 2010. If I look at the trend pattern at the bottom of Page 4, I'd see that the Non-Res Construction and I look at it in comparison to pre-slowdown. So I look at it in October 2008 timeframe. We've been slowly inching back as we go through the year back to that benchmark pattern from 2008. And I feel again, I believe that positions us well going into the new year. One other item I'd touch on is when I look at 2010 and in 2009, we had pulled back quite aggressively in our headcounts to manage through the downturn, and we saw some weakening in our active account growth as a result. When I look at Q4 2010, it's our strongest quarter for the year in active account growth. And again, I believed all those things lined up to bode well as we begin the new year. Page 5, as Will mentioned on the 'pathway to profit', that table we have, 'pathway to profit' starts on Page 5. The table we have on Page 7, really touches on what Will was pointing out is that when we started the 'pathway to profit', our target $125,000 a month in average sales for our store group we felt would yield a 23% operating margin, pretax margin for the company. With the improvements we've made on the operating expense side and this despite a weakening in our gross margin as we went through 2009 and saw some recovery in 2010. Despite that, we were able to improve the relative profitability of the various groups such that we look at it now and say $100,000 to $110,000 is a reasonable range where we can hope to achieve the 23% operating margin. And what that does is it shortens up the amount of time that possible event pushed back by the recession.  One other item I'd point out is for the benefit of the reader is on Page 6. We changed the display of how we show that table, and we now have broken out what we not only store personnel but non-store selling personnel. Because I think it's an important item to note the selling energy and the investments we're making into the selling energy both in 2010. And as we progress through and report our 2011 numbers, it just brings added clarity to where we're adding resources. If I look at the support area and I ignore the distribution and manufacturing, I look at true administrative support, you would see that like we talked about back in 2007, as we slowed down the store openings and focus our energy on growing the stores, growing the headcount per store, growing the business per store, the amount of overhead, true overhead we have as an organization, really holds pretty constant because the individual business units are levering up. And you see that in our administrative personnel in that timeframe, which is essentially flat over the last three years. Finally, operating and administrative expenses. As Will mentioned, we feel we've managed that well as we went through 2010. In the release on Page 9, we mentioned some of the changes in the cost components. One item that I'd point out, I think it's useful for the reader to understand is that when we look at -- we've always indicated and you can read it in our proxy, you can read it in a lot of our filings, we are a very entrepreneurial organization. We reward for growth. There's two sides to that coin in 2009, we saw it and a lot of it. Everybody within Fastenal had a tremendous belt-tightening, personally, as they went through 2009 as the incentive compensation dried up.  In 2010 that expanded quite nicely. And if you look at our increase in payroll cost for 2010 and you quantify the pieces, about 75% of the increase in payroll costs in 2010 is solely related to incentive comp, commissions paid to personnel at our store, incentive bonuses paid to our district leadership, regional leadership, support infrastructure, distribution personnel, administrative personnel, et cetera, all of those combined bonuses and then the final one on 401K match, all those pieces, the expansion of that resulted in 75% of our expense growth in payroll. The other 25% was related to the actual adding of people and working more hours throughout the year as our business grew. One other item I feel compelled to mention. Just for clarity to our operating expenses as well. Last week, we put out a press release indicating we had settled a dispute that we had with the Department of Justice, which is related to our GSA hardware contract. And in our release last week, we indicated that we settled for $6.25 million. $3.5 million of that settlement is recorded in our fourth quarter numbers. Approximately $2 million was recorded in our third quarter numbers, and I think that sort of points out number one, for the analyst community to understand the numbers, and for our shareholders in general. If I looked at that and say that it wasn't there, the $3.5 million wouldn't a 100% disappear, but between 80% and 85% of it would. And the balance that wouldn't disappear would be the additional dollars that would've been paid out in incentive compensation. And so that was felt by everybody within the organization in the fourth quarter. One other item that I would mention and again, I feel compelled only from the standpoint of for those of you that have owned our stock over the years, I'm happy I have the opportunity to directly meet with Bob Kerlin in the past, Will Oberton in the present. One thing you know about Fastenal is in our course of business, operating in a very ethical and forthright manner, and we're proud of that. And two items cited by the DOJ in their press release last week we take exception to. We believe over the course of the contract that we acted in good faith and we priced our product accordingly in terms of the contract. The second item they cite was that we know and we sold import product. That statement actually is true. In the contract, that was admissible because it was a walk-in contract, the hardware contract, where a customer would come in and buy product. And it was broken out in the contract but the buyer was responsible for determining country of origin. We did sell that product when the customer came in. We reported that in our reporting to the government, and we think that was appropriate in context to the contract. But we agreed to disagree, we settled it and now we move forward. And I'm glad it's behind us, so we can move forward in 2011. The final item I'll touch on is on Page 11 and that relates to cash flow. Sorry, there isn't a call where I don't at least touch on cash flow sometime during the context of the conversation. Again, I'll frame it back when we started 'pathway to profit' back in 2007. In that meeting that we had with our shareholders, we talked about the 'pathway to profit' what we're hoping to accomplish from standpoint of profitability. We also touched on what we hope to accomplish from the standpoint of cash flow.  In that discussion, we've said generally speaking, our target was to have operating cash flow as a percentage of earnings at around at least 85%. In 2010, we came in at 90.6%. We also talked about that spending somewhere in the 25% of earnings in the form of capital expenditures. So if you take the 85% back off the 25%, our goal would be to have approaching a 60% of our earnings available in free cash flow to use for other purposes that might be returning to our shareholders that might be other investing opportunities that come along. In 2010, we spent about 26% of our earnings in net cap of CapEx, leaving 64.5% of our earnings available as free cash flow. We paid out 68.9% of our earnings so we depleted our cash flow, but it has lived through the year. But a very, very strong cash flow and I believe, again, thats up well as we enter into 2011. With that, I will now turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: My first question has to do with your sales outlook. Will, at one point you had thought that 15% to 20% top line growth was achievable in 2011. And I'm wondering if you still believe that's a reasonable target and what some of the puts and takes are in your mind?
Willard Oberton: I think it's a reasonable target. Some of the puts and takes would be if you look at the historical patterns, we normally touch start our January at or above where our October daily average was, which puts us in the 20% range in January. If you start out there, even if it slowed down a little bit, you should be able to hit the 15% to 20% for the year. Right now, we do not predict that it will be slowing down. So we're pretty confident in the 15% to 20% sales range at this point.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Then my second question is on gross margins. I noticed that fastener sales were about 48% of sales in the quarter. But you were still able to achieve nice gross margins. So what drove the mix change and then do you think you can continue to hold gross margins near that 52% range?
Willard Oberton: Well, the mix change as we've gone through the year, we've had some variations of our large account business from our OEM business being very strong, which actually pulled it up a little bit, in the middle part of the year. We have a broad base of business. The construction improving as we went through the year, a lot of non-Ffstener products including those sales as well that pull that mix down a little bit. I think what really drives our ability to manage as we go through that mix is the job our procurement group has done over time of building a nice offering of products. If you look through our catalog, great selection of products, great job of sourcing. And we've done a nice job adding exclusive brands. And it still as a percentage of our sales is relative -- if you ignore the fastener piece, it's still relatively small, but it's been building every year. And I think that puts us in position to maintain and improve that 52% as we move into the new year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I'd like you to explore the decision to expand the universe of sales people that you measure. So I'm wondering what prompted this decision and then how is it different than what you had been doing?
Willard Oberton: What prompted us that we continued to put more sales specialists outside of the store, trying to drive additional products, things, products or markets. In 2010, our biggest initiatives were adding government sales reps, manufacturing sales reps and sales reps selling our vending systems. But none of those showed up in our sales investments and they're purely a sales investment. And even over and above those, the cost of keeping those people on the road. And so we really want to give the clearest picture we can of what we're doing. And the reason we chose is to put a lot of investment into those areas is that it's the greatest way to lever our sales. Going into 2010, we weren't sure what the economy was going to bring us and the business was going to do. So we really looked hard, and we said, we think we can get a better boost in our business by putting sales specialists above the store umbrella and driving business to the store than the entry level sales people doing it one small account at a time. They're both important. But if you only have so many people to add, we felt this was our best investment. And so we wanted to state that and the way you look at our sales investments in our releases.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: A few questions on inflation. Could you talk about, if you had inflation realized in the fourth quarter, your expectations for 2011? And then specifically, I think there's price increases coming in the channel for fasteners. But could you talk about not only fasteners, but non-fasteners, we're hearing pressure across other categories as well.
Willard Oberton: Could I answer your first question? We didn't have a lot of inflation in the fourth quarter. There were small price increases coming through from the middle of the year. But for the most part, they were smaller categories, and we are putting up the arm and holding them back kind of doing the Heissman on the price increases coming. But with oil prices going up, the plastic products and other products go up. So right now, we are seeing more price increases coming through. We're mitigating them as well as we can. And going into the year, the cost will go up some. With the inventory cycle, it's going to take -- that will be coming through more by the end of the first quarter going into the summer months on the non-fastener products. Well start trying to push price increases sooner than that but it always takes time. On the fastener products, the steel has been, it's kind of been a roller coaster lately. The U.S. steel is way up. Asian steel has not risen as much. But our purchasing manager just got back from a week in Asia and everyone is selling and prices are going to be going up. One of the things that's really thrown it off now is the flooding in Australia because the coking compound that they need for making steel comes from Australia. No one quite knows how that's going to affect things yet. We don't know if that's real or just a hype to push up steel. So we're going to be watching it very closely. We have a lot of people on the ground over there. And as soon as prices start going up, we're going to push up with them. If anything, we think it's a positive for our business going forward as long as it doesn't get too crazy. But pricing is real visible. So if I had to guess, I would say we'd have above average inflation in 2011 from what we're seeing today. I do not predict at this time that it would look like 2008, but it's really too early to say that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Hayes with Piper Jaffray.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Companies: It's Dan Garofalo on for Tom today. I just have some questions on the gross margin. Just right off hand, did the Department of Justice settlement, which line item on the P&L did those reside is that...
Daniel Florness: It's in operating expenses.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Companies: And so you had kind of discussed or you mentioned briefly kind of the international side of the business and ethics usually are not terribly familiar with that. And I was wondering if you could give us some color on what percentage that is and what are kind of the drivers of that business? You've mentioned I think 30% growth.
Daniel Florness: Yes, the International business, I'll back into the number because it's sometimes a better way to explain it. If you look at it from the standpoint of the pure definition of the International business, it's about 8%, 9% of our business. If you take a step back and you say let's look at North American versus non-North American, most of our International business is in Canada and then Mexico and then the rest of the world. So if I looked at outside of North America, and I don't have the stamp right in front of me. It's between 1% and 1.5% of our sales that's outside North America.
Willard Oberton: But let me state that the comment I made about our international growing North of 30% includes Canada, Mexico. It's the full 9% of our business group. While Canada is outgrowing the company, and Mexico is way outpacing the company. Singapore, Malaysia, China, Europe are all doing very, very well. So we're very optimistic about that business going forward. And it's becoming meaningful to the overall performance of the business.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Companies: I noticed just on the stock repurchase kind of last item on the 8-K here. It looks like you still, you're obviously opportunistic in 2009. But it looks like there's still $900,000 remaining on the existing plan. Is there any thought towards putting some of the cash to use for repurchases or otherwise?
Daniel Florness: I guess 2011 we'll see how it plays out and how the marketplace looks at our stock and the type of cash we generate. In 2009, 2010, we really chose to return cash to our shareholder base and even we did some buybacks in '09, the dollars were really centered on returning cash in those years to our shareholders to do with what they saw fit in the marketplace. From a tax standpoint, it's still an efficient way were returning dollars to our shareholder base. It looks like that will be in place for another couple of years, that efficiency. So we'll see how things play out as far as how we return dollars to our shoulders. But unfortunately, we're in the position where we have a nice strong free cash flow to do either or. But in 2010 and for the most part 2009, we chose to just return dollars to our shoulders as a dividend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: First one, I was hoping you guys could maybe comment a little bit about what have any of the weather impact might have been in the month of December and maybe if you're seeing anything for January, whether it be a pickup in seasonal sales or possibly a disruption to revenues?
Willard Oberton: We won't comment on our January numbers at this point. But as far as December, we saw a little bit here and there. But I don't think there was really anything unusual. We had a lot of bad weather in the midwest early in the month. But overall, I think there's kind of business as usual in December and January, we'll see how it plays out. It's been really, really ugly in the northeast but it's still early in the month.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And then second question, just on the trends within bad debt expense, it seems like the last couple of quarters had been inching up a little bit. I was hoping you could maybe just comment on that?
Daniel Florness: It happened slightly although at a much better level than we saw in 2009. There's no doubt about it. 2009 you saw a fair number of business failures. You're still seeing some of that in 2010. And so you're still seeing some bad debts being realized. But in the context of our P&L and the context of overall business extremely manageable figure.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Dan, any sort of target for 2011 as a percent of revenues or?
Daniel Florness: I'm always frustrated when it's over 30 basis points. And so you couldn't imagine how the fun person be around in the last two years. But when it was north of that. When I look at 2011, I don't want to get ahead of myself, but just based on the trend of the last two years, we were north of 40 basis points, at least that was the number in 2009. We've had that down closer to the upper 30s. It'd be nice to keep wiggling that down as we move through 2011, with the eventual goal of getting that to low-30 basis points. But time will see how that plays out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: A couple of clarifications, Dan. You mentioned active account growth was really strong. Can you put some figures around that in the fourth quarter?
Daniel Florness: It was stronger in the fourth quarter than it had been all year long. It was just shy of 4%. But it had been between 2% and 3% in the first three quarters. So just seeing that move north was a positive sign to see.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: And then in December, the total company average daily sales growth was 21% with Manufacturing up 17% and Non-Res Construction up 13%. I'm wondering what was so strong to drag this company average all the way up to 21%?
Daniel Florness: Good question. I was asking my folks just the end of last week when I was going through some of the data. I said, what's going on that could pull it up that way? A big chunk of our business and part of it is the way you look at the data, you measure the data, we use mix codes as you would suspect. And included in our customer grouping is something that shows us the next code as a reseller. It's a little bit of a fuzzy category because some contractors spending on how that the next code of class so I could show up there as can a true reseller. That business grew quite nicely in the fourth quarter and in the month of December. And that pulled the overall piece up. And I believe, and I don't have that stuff right in front of me, that's between, it's just north of 15% of our sales and it grew well above the company number. My suspicion is some of those contractor like businesses, an electrician could easily show up as a reseller because they're an electrician, they have a small front room to their business. And even though they're really supporting construction, they're showing there. I think there's been some pickups in construction that maybe won't be necessarily apparent in all the published data.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: I just have question on your gross margins. Again, you touched on mix being a negative impact. Could you comment a little on how we should think about vendor rebates? What impact that has on gross margins going forward? And then what is the lag on any pricing adjustment you can put through, given the increase in commodities?
Daniel Florness: Well, I'll explain those, there's a few factors. One, what we've historically said about our vendor-incentive portion of gross margin. It's around 100 basis points. And what you saw as we went through 2009, that kept getting whittled away. And then as we got into 2010, that snapped back nicely in the first six months and we're at or slightly above that level as we end the year, which again, puts us in a nice position for the new year. So that's one piece of the equation. The other piece that we've talked about, when you look at when there is some inflation going on, when there is some fluidity to pricing. One of the things that people sometimes don't like about our business is the fact that our inventory turns about twice a year. Fortunately, for us our gross margins make it provide for us to get a great return still on that inventory. In a period of deflating times, as we saw in 2009, that beats the heck out of us because you're selling higher priced product on the shelf for quite a few months into a weakening marketplace. And in a marketplace, where our prices are going up, six months of inventory and maybe 10 or 11 months of import inventory plays out a little better. In that it affords you the opportunity to see the pricing changes as they're happening to have a better plan for how you're going to react to that price increase or price change. And it allows you a three to seven-month window of some pricing flexibility.
Willard Oberton: One thing I will add is when you compare this time to back in early 2008 when we saw the inflation. We have a much stronger team of people here that do nothing but study the pricing, look at what's going on with the market. So it appears, I believe, we'll be able to react much quicker and with better data to the stores because a big part of it is convincing our stores to go out and raise prices to their best customers. That's not an easy thing to do especially when they haven't seen their costs go up. So they get the stores to get out there in front of it is a challenge and I think we have people in place who can get that done.
Hamzah Mazari - Crdit Suisse AG: You guys reiterated 15% to 20% top line growth. Just curious as to what your assumption is as to what multiple of GDP or industrial production you can grow at? And then, is it fair to say that 15% assumes store growth at 6% and the 20% sales growth assumes 8% plus store growth? Or just curious if you can put some assumptions behind that number.
Daniel Florness: I don't want to punk on the question, but I will to at certain degree that you're probably over thinking it a little bit from the way we look at the business. And what we're able to understand in our business is the trends that we lay out, the sequential patterns to our business. We also understand the store openings, the growth plans we have as far as adding sales people both store based and non-store based. We kind of look at all those pieces, and we say based on this, what do we think is a reasonable way to plan our business? And plan our business for the new year just as we did coming into 2010. In 2011, we're coming to the year, we say based on all these things, what's a reasonable range for growth? We think that's a reasonable range. If you look at that and say the economy is stronger or there's some inflation, we would hope that would be a range that we would be at the high-end of that bidding. If the economy were to take a dip down or deflation, which I'd surprised by but if those kind of things happened, it beats you up towards the lower end. But I can't cite for you the fact that we assume this kind of GDP growth. What I will say is we do pay attention to the ISM. If we see an ISM [Institute for Supply Management] number that were all of a sudden change appreciatively that tends to lead our business by about three months. And so it will give us a little room to react as far as some of our expectations.
Operator: Our final question comes from Robert Berry with UBS.
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Just a couple things on the Non-Res Construction end market. Can you give a little more color on how you see that coming back and if that continues to recover, how does that impact mix?
Willard Oberton: Well, we see it probably -- we're seeing it right now coming back the strongest. There's an energy-related projects, oil refining, power plants, all the things related around energy. The other area where we see good building in Non-Res Construction would be healthcare, education and government, where they're building hospitals, schools, college, things like that. While it's very weak on the Non-Res Construction would be anything to do with retail. Very little housing being built kind of the private sector business, non-energy private sectors is very slow. We don't see that coming back. When you look at the releases coming from the targets and the people like that, they're not planning on ramping up their store openings any time soon or most of them are not. So we're going to work hard to put our sales energy into those types of projects that the healthcare energy things like that. If it were to come back stronger, if the economy picks up and people start bringing up the pocketbooks, there's no question it would help our business because it's a big sector that's pretty soft. Margin is about a portion between manufacturing and big constructions, there wouldn't be much there. But it would really just hopefully push us up above the numbers that we're talking about. And I think that's basically Dan just said is that we got a boost from something like a sector or just the overall economy. We should see it moving up. Right now we're not over investing in construction, we're just looking at the big projects. The dollars today are pretty concentrated around the big projects like the energy field.
Robert Barry - Goldman Sachs & Company: And then just a second one on the store growth. And I don't want to hang on every nuance of how you talk about store growth. But I think in the third quarter, you talked about an 11% growth rate of 7% to 9% or even 6% to 10%, which implies a midpoint of about 6% to 8% seems a shade lower. Should we read anything into that? Is there anything that's changed over the last quarter in the way you're thinking about store growth rollout?
Willard Oberton: Not at all. We're looking at it. And we're looking at what we opened in 2010 and what our sales growth was. We're looking at it for 2011. We know that there is at some point we're hitting a saturation. And we think this is a good growth level. We are continuing -- we will probably what you should read into it, is that we're more positive about some of our specialty sales areas. So we're willing to give up a little bit, and we think 7% is a solid good number. We're willing to give up a little bit on that because we have some really good investments that we're making and we're getting positive returns from them.
Daniel Florness: Well, again, thank you, everybody for joining in our conference call this morning. Hope this, combined with our press release is informative for our shareholder base and analyst community in understanding not only our business in 2010, but a little bit of understanding of how we're approaching 2011. Thank you, and have a good day.
Willard Oberton: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester - Internal Audit Manager Will Oberton - President and CEO Dan Florness - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Jeff Germanotta - William Blair Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Holden Lewis - BB&T Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Steven Gregory [ph]  Mandalay Research [ph]
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal quarterly earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ellen Trester.
Ellen Trester:  Welcome to the Fastenal company 2010 third quarter and earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2010 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. The investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Will Oberton:  Thank you, Ellen. I would also like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. I am very proud of the results that we produced in the third quarter of 2010. Overall, I think we did a very good job. We continue to see strength in our top line revenue in all areas of our business. Geographically in the United States, we really don't see any weak spots at this time, we only have stores in small areas that maybe be not be doing as well. But overall we are seeing strength in all parts of the country which is very encouraging. It's been a long time since we've seen that. Even back in 2008 when we were doing well, there were certain areas that were very slow. We had a particularly strong September and when you look at September year-over-year the number was good at 23.5%. But the good numbers from September show a sequential growth, because September is really the most difficult comp that we had from last year, because we had a very good September, August-September last year and we improved upon that in 2010. So we are very happy with those results. Both our Canadian and Mexican businesses are growing above the company average and they are both becoming larger and actually meaningful part of our growth number at this point. The other international businesses mainly Asia and Europe are both doing very well and are also growing above the company average. So outside of the United States our business is very strong, and the profitability of those businesses continues to improve as we become better at running the businesses and have greater sales revenue. At this time, the real strength in our business is being driven by our manufacturing customers. And if you broke down the manufacturing customers, it's mainly the large ones. We are doing well with all sections and sizes and types of manufacturing businesses. But the large customers are driving our business; we're seeing the best growth out of that group of customers. But because of this we're also seeing pressure on our margin. Traditionally the large manufacturing customers are also our lowest margin customers. So although our margin did go backwards in the second quarter we're pretty comfortable with where we are, and we're still very comfortable with that 52% margin range that we stated over the last year or two. We're going to have to work hard for it, but we also believe that over time our smaller customers and our construction business will pick back up, and the mix will change more positively for our growth going forward.  The entire Fastenal team did a really nice job in expense control, not only in the third quarter but throughout the entire year. The only area of expenses that really outgrew or was disproportionate to our sales growth was the commission and bonuses which is, as we say, a very good problem.  But even that will normalize in 2011 because in 2009, the commission and bonuses were at basically all time low levels as a percentage of revenue. 2010 is almost at all time high levels. So in 2011, that will normalize, and they should be able to show very good growth over those numbers from an earnings standpoint. We continued to add new stores in the third quarter. We added 45 new stores. We plan to end the year at somewhere between 125 and 130 new stores for the year which would give us about 35 to 40 stores for the rest of the year and we're comfortable that we can get that done mainly in the next two months, in the beginning of December. From a headcount standpoint, we continue to add people in our stores. We're not really aggressive with that. We do continue to add people in our stores mainly to support our existing and growing business but also some additional sales people. On the support side we've been really pretty tight. We've added if you do a comparison we're looking back at the numbers, if you look back to the start of our pathway to profit which was in the first quarter of 2007, we actually, if you take out the 90 people we added to the Holo-Krome acquisition, we have fewer people in support today than we did in the first quarter of 2007 and I don't think we are squeezing it too hard. I think we are just working really hard at becoming more efficient with how we run our business and finding things that we maybe didn't have to do or we can't do in the future. But overall the business seems to be running well. We are seeing very low turnover with our support help side. I don't think we are driving them out the door by driving them too hard. So we are very comfortable with where we are on the support help and we believe we can continue to see that trend going forward. We will have to add some additional people but the trend is becoming more efficient, should stay with us for a long time. Just changing to a more of an overview or some thoughts on the business, I had a Fastenal Board meeting yesterday and I was talking to our board members and the one thing that I pointed out at the end of the meeting that I think is helping us to do as well as we are and it's really the strength of our team. If you look at everywhere from starting with the store managers, district managers, warehouse managers, RVPs and all the way to the top, our turnover has continued to go down and especially at the district regional and hub manager levels, really the core people running our business and we continue to get stronger in those positions and I believe that trend and the work that the people are doing there should bode well for the company and the shareholders for a long time going forward there.  I really pounded that point yesterday with the Board and I want to make that point with our shareholders because it really is important because all the numbers don't mean anything if you don't have the team on the field that really wants to win and it wants to work here and that part of our business I think we are doing very well. With that I am going to turn it over to Dan. Dan will give you a lot more color and granularity to the numbers. Thank you.
Dan Florness: Thank you Will and good morning everybody. And again thank you for participating in our call today. As you saw, our sales trends continued to improve. If I look at the information that we break out on page 2 of our earnings release, we talk about the sequential patterns. In the first quarter, if you look at what our sequential patterns are doing relative to our benchmark period, we were beating those numbers on a sequential basis on average about 1%. So our sequential change, the delta was about 1% above. In the second quarter that moderated slightly down to about four-tenths of a percent. We are still beating it but it moderated slightly.  And in the third quarter, to be honest with you I was surprised by this, we continued to see, we saw that turnaround and we were beating that sequential pattern by about 1.4% and as Will mentioned a lot of that could be attributed to strength in our large account business which is growing quite well right now, our largest account business, our key comp business is growing closer to low 30% neighborhood versus the overall business and giving us a nice surge in top line and gross profit dollars. And while that business as Will mentioned might carry a lower gross margin, the operating margin in that business is very attractive because overtime there is no volume going there that you can manage in your operating expenses quiet effectively and garner a very attractive operating margin on the business.  In addition to the sequential patterns if you look at the chart here on page three, you can see that we now for the year every month except for February, I mean February was really hurt a little bit because of weather. Every other month of the year has been at or above our trend line so we feel some comfort and sustainability of these trends. Therefore I touch on a little later, we allowed our inventory dollar to grow a little bit to support that business. I will touch on that in a few minutes.  From an end market perspective and we added a couple of new graphs to our earnings release manufacturing business continue the positive trends and we continue to see some up-ticks in our non-res construction business that we started to see in June-July timeframe. If I look at where our daily average was in January and I fast forward that to September, our manufacturing business year-to-date is up 17% fairly average, our construction business is actually up 24.4% from what was in January to September. Now most of that is normal seasonality, obviously especially in the Northern State, January is not exactly the best month to be doing outside construction work, September is a much better month but that is a stronger number than we've seen in recent years. When I look a the active account growth, active accounts up 2.8% in the month of September, that's the weaker number we'd like to see, whenever you do get to look at it. If you look at our business and look under the hood of our business, we actually have more non-residential customers than we do manufacturing customers.  We have a lot of small non-residential customers that do nominal amounts with us. The non-res construction segment, the active account sales is actually down year-over-year. There is a lot of 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, 10% firms that have kind of disappearance that would work over the last 18 months and probably 18 months and that's really hurting that number. And but overall, our manufacturing business is active account growth is in the mid-single digits. As Will mentioned on the pathway to profit, our store headcount has been stabilized since last fall, we are starting to grow that number and I think we continue to do a nice job of managing the remaining piece of our headcounts, both the distribution and manufacturing group as well as the administrative support. Our gross profit margin as we've touched on did slip a bit from Q2 to Q3, dropped about 35 basis points and again when you look again under the hood, really driven by the end market mix change where we slipped our transactional margins a bit about 25 basis points and our organizational profit is second for that slipped about 10 but its really driven by the end market change largely on customers, fewer non-res construction customers, smaller customers in the mix. Operating and administrative expenses overall managed it well, the growth there is all centered on incentive compensation, store, commission, profitability balances throughout the organization, profit sharing contributions throughout the organization and if I look at that year-over-year, that number is up. Those three things combined are up over 100% for where they were a year ago. Sequentially though, they're up about 6.5%, which is much more in line with the 7.6% sequential growth in pre-tax.  From a working capital standpoint, we continue to manage our working capital, I believe well. Accounts receivable grew normally more than sales and that's really attributed to the fact that again, similar to our gross margin discussion large accounts, large customers drove a lot of our sales growth. And they often times have the ability to negotiate terms that maybe are slightly better than our overall average business. Inventory, while we did, our goal was to hold it flat. We did allow it to grow, to support the added business because what we provide to our customers, we are their source of supply. They essentially outsource procurement of all these products to us, we will not betray their trust, we will stand ready to support their needs throughout their business cycle and therefore we allow the inventory to grow somewhat.  From a cash flow standpoint, when we started the pathway to profit, our stated goal consisted of really three numbers; an operating cash flow that would run somewhere between 80% and 90% of our net earnings. We would expand this somewhere in the neighborhood of 25% of that number, over time we felt on capital expenditures which I believe 55% to 65% of our net earnings available in the form of free cash.  Year-to-date, we generated 83.1% of earnings in operating cash flow. We spent about 20% of that in CapEx, infrastructure to support future growth, free cash flow which in our definition is operating cash flow less CapEx came in at 63.4%.  With that, I will turn it over to the narrator for Q&A and I will take your calls, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: I was wondering could you tell us on the large manufacturing customers growing faster on a same customer basis, or do you think you are gaining disproportionate market share there?
Dan Florness:  Well first off, I do know when we look at not just 2010, but we look at 2009 and even quite frankly 2008, when I sit down with Reyne, Nick and Steve who head up our three business units, the one comment they have for me throughout 2009, and again in 2010 is the rate at which we were signing up our large account business is faster in that timeframe than it has been in '05 and '06.  And sometimes what happens is when companies are busy, sometimes they are less inclined to make changes to things because you're too busy to do it because changing a supplier or making changes to your business requires a tremendous amount of energy, and sometimes you just don't have that energy left over at the end of the day to make those changes. And so we saw, so I do know in 2008, 2009 and 2010, we have been gaining market share. With that said when I look at it on a customer by customer basis, that business was mauled a year ago. That business was off dramatically. It wasn't uncommon to see a customer down 35%, 40%, 45%. And so a good chunk of this is sheer dollar per customer gain on a year-over-year basis, but we are taking market share.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then second, could you maybe discuss the pricing environment. I believe you are getting some positive movement earlier in the year and now it sounds as zero. Based on what you are buying today, what is your outlook over the next say three to six months for the pricing environment on fasteners?
Will Oberton: Based on what we are seeing today we don't see much change going over the next two to three or say the next two quarters. Steel had been going up. It went back down and it's kind of leveled out at the level it's been for quite some time. So right now there's almost nothing going on with pricing. We have had some of our suppliers coming in looking to push some pricing for the beginning of next year. Right now we are fighting that up, some will probably stick, most of it will get pushed back.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: The demand is still not great?
Will Oberton: Right
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta from William Blair.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: Again, what you are gleaning from your larger manufacturing and construction customers regarding the 2011 outlook?
Will Oberton: Jeff, do me a favor, the first part of your question didn't come through, could you restate it please?
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: Regarding your larger accounts, can you share any insights into what you are hearing from them regarding their 2011 outlook for manufacturing and non-residential construction?
Will Oberton: I can't comment on the non-residential construction Jeff because I haven't been out with many of large construction customers, but I have visited with several large manufacturing customers and pretty much I can't think of any that we are not positive for 2011, at least the first half of 2011 and many of them are basing it on their order backlogs that they continue to see a certain amount of strength that it's not like on fire, but they are seeing strength in the backlogs. They are looking at adding people and they are actually looking for a very good 2011. And that has been a broad group of customers, I spoke with over the last probably eight weeks. So we are feeling very good about that from what we are hearing from those customers.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: And as you look to next year and assuming we are in a moderate economic growth environment, do you think that incremental operating profit margins which have been running upper 30s, 40% can still be sustained above the 30% level in 2011?
Will Oberton: Yes we do. The one thing I will add there Jeff, the reason we believe we can is because we are not going to have that unusual growth and the bonuses and commissions.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: All the variable expenses should pretty much be back at this point. So we are going to have a flat or more level year-over-year comparison.
Will Oberton: Yes and an easier comparison to understand and model.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Can you give us an early read as to your store opening plans for 2011? Do you still anticipate this 14 to 15 stores per month level or would that accelerate a little bit based on what you are seeing now from a comp standpoint?
Will Oberton: Right now if our sales continued strong, if we see the trends that we are seeing today, with nice sequential pattern at or above the line we would envision going back to a more normalized rate about 7% to 9% or 6% to 10% range of new store openings in 2011. And we are feeling pretty good about that sticking way after September and what we are seeing today. So I guess I have to do a little math in my head, but it would something like a 150 to 170 stores.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: So I guess, would there be a mile post in terms of the comparisons get more difficult I suppose by yearend or November, December or so. It is that when the decision for the store opening plans for next year get made or what should we look at from that standpoint?
Dan Florness: Sam, I don't think it's so much about the year-over-year growth numbers. I think it's more about what's the sequential pattern. When you look at the dramatic fluctuations you've had over the last 18, 24 months. Sometime it's the only sanity you can get or clarity you can get to your business as looking at the sequential patterns because again when your comparisons are changing so wildly that become less meaningful. So it is really about us, when we look out to historically September, October is our high watermark of the year as far as daily sales average. From October to January you pick up maybe 90 basis points in additional daily sales and then you start that stairway for the next year of where do we get to by September-October. You know providing we continue to see things we are seeing today which are positive to that historical trend line, that's what really builds confidence in your business and which is where we are today. And the only wildcard that comes into play in my mind is when you look at things that are going on, for example lot of the investments we are making internationally that we touched on earlier, doesn't necessarily translate into always so many stores because we are going into new markets and sometimes the footprints of that market give you to manifest differently. But generally speaking we were fairly optimistic to look up 2011. And we are Midwestern conservative almost on the verge of being boring.
Will Oberton: And maybe beyond the verge but one other thing I will clarify is our accounts don't really get a lot more difficult Sam, because on a sequential basis we started seeing our improvement in August of 2009 and we have very good sequential trends like I said September, August to September last year was very strong. So, the counsel won't get any more difficult as long as we keep hitting our monthly numbers.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: The second question I have, the share repurchase activity, you have the authorization is that a matter of a price sensitive, is it a matter of you pay the dividend twice a year so you're here free cash flow will be better next quarter than this. What are your thoughts Dan in terms of incremental repurchase from here?
Dan Florness: We have been pretty quite on it, we have bought some late in 2009 and the thing is trouble with on it is, and we had this issue even late in 2008, we decided to make a supplemental dividend payment because we looked at it at that time and we said, is our evaluation low from in a struggle standpoint? Absolutely, but you could say that about virtually every company that was out there.  And everybody looked at it at the time and we continue take this way and look at it and say that the cash that is sitting on our balance sheet belongs to shareholder that hold 150 million shares of Fastenal stock and try to understand what's the best way to utilize that cash for them. In 2008 we saw it as additional dividend, we increased our dividend meaningfully in each of the last two years. However, we in 2010 have chosen not to be in the market because we still waiver between what is the best value, what is the best return for our shareholders.  And we are also consciously paying attention to what's going on in the marketplace as far as tax rates on different types of activities and where that might go in the future, and not to get too far ahead of myself, but long way of saying we don't have a definitive plan on where do we step in and buy, where do we not. But we continue to make the problem worse for ourselves by throwing off one heck of a lot of cash for their business. That's a big problem.  But for a company our size to have a couple of hundred million dollars in cash is not an unusually high number. We're pretty comfortable with that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  Just wanted to follow-up with I think an earlier question on the compensation, the pay roll growth numbers, was hoping you could maybe give us a little bit, you've talked about how much the bonus comp and some of the incentive comp was up year-over-year, but maybe if you could maybe dissect a little bit more. Your FTE numbers companywide has been up about 700 year-to-date. I was hoping you'd give us a sense for how much contribution the employee additions, the new employee additions were actually contributing to that number?
Dan Florness: About 6%-7%.
Will Oberton: It will actually be a little lower. In fact they did come in below the company average.
Dan Florness: Our non-incentive compensation is up greater than that number, but the delta between that 6 percent point or whatever in the actual number is really because as we've gotten busier our hours work per employee have gone up as well. So that's driven a piece of the increase, probably 40% of the increase.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: And then well it's somewhat related to that you're doing a good job holding down the support employee numbers, but I think in this quarter sequentially the support employee growth actually I think exceeded the store based employee growth, and just wondered if you can give us a better sense for direction, where do you think those two classes will go in the future?
Will Oberton: The support employee growth will go down. A lot of what drove it in the third quarter was hours in the warehouses.
Dan Florness: And we added a few support people into a few subsets of business. In the manufacturing we added some sales reps and we added some people in the regional business units to support some of our larger comp business. And then we added some additional government personnel. 
Will Oberton: And so at some level support versus sales is really not correct because all of our outside sales people that are working in national accounts in those areas fall into the support side. So a lot of the support side is actually sales.  But anyway going forward, we believe that most of our growth will be coming on the store side of the group of people, and the support side with the exception of adding some sales specialists will be very flat.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Last question, on the occupancy costs in the quarter, a bigger jump than we have been seeing recently. We had a record summer heat wave I think nationally, just wondered how much if utility costs were a significant component of that?
Dan Florness: Utility cost was a very meaningful piece of that sequential increase. And a couple of things in there, one obviously the cooling costs were quite a bit higher than they were a year ago. Another piece that falls into our occupancy that is new is our new Holo-Krome business. And their business is ramping up nicely and there's some additional cost there on the heat treatment cost. 
Will Oberton: It's a big energy consumer, heat treating of steel fasteners. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Garofalo with Piper Jaffray
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Hi guys, its Dan for Tom Hayes today. Just wondering if anything other than the mix that you brought up in your comments, perhaps something from a promotional standpoint contributed to kind of a sequential easing in gross margins that we saw.
Will Oberton:  No, I think it was pretty much driven by customer mix. We do have a big promotion or we have big promotions twice a year, once in March and once in August-September. I suppose that has a little effect but it's pretty minimal. It would be hard to measure that but the way we slice it up, we sold more product, the large metal manufacturers and they traditionally carry a lower gross margins.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: So, you had mentioned in your prepared comments, with the non-res segment likely coming back slow, but you mentioned the 24.4% January to September delta was above kind of the historic norm. How has that matched up with your expectations? And heading into 2011, would you say that trajectory seems sustainable?
Dan Florness:  Well, I guess from our standpoint, it matches up reasonably well with what we expected earlier in the year, maybe at 24%, to be honest with you. If you had asked in January, I'd looked at a 22-ish number, because so much of that is about seasonality. What it demonstrates for me, and we really started seeing that 20 guidance about the May timeframe, April timeframe, is that last August, we believe was the bottom month for the non-res construction business in our business as far as from a trend standpoint. And that's really what caused August of 2009 to be our bottom month as far as overall business because that last piece stopped killing us.  You don't feel real comfortable in getting too excited about it when you're looking at trend numbers in October, November, and December because it's seasonally such a weak period for construction. You don't know if you're reading it wrong. When you get into April and May and you see the trends continuing to be positive, what you know is normal seasonality has kicked in and yes, indeed that business is not getting worse, it's getting slightly better. But it's not like it's on fire. Its hasn't gotten worse, it's gotten slightly better. 
Will Oberton:  The areas of non-res construction that we will need to see improvement in or continue to do well would be power generation, all the energy areas because we're just not going to see a lot of the non-res construction in building shopping centers and residential areas that we did five and six, seven years ago. They are putting up Home Depots and Targets by the hundreds today. That was a great part of our business. But it has to come in energy infrastructure and highway and bridge has to do well.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: So it sounds like you're maybe cautiously optimistic for the seasonal ramp-up in 2011 at this point, right?
Will Oberton: Yes.
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And just one last quick one. What's the mix look like in the new store openings? Are a lot of those non-res manufacturing or can you give us any color on the mix of the new openings?
Dan Florness:  You mean who the end markets are?
Dan Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Yes.
Dan Florness:  There really won't be an appreciable difference. If there is any difference, it'd be because of what geography it's in. It's in this state or that state. They might have a bias because that state has a bias. But short of that, a new store we opened should mirror a store that's two hours away or an hour away.
Will Oberton:  I think if you check the growth, if you checked our 90 stores we've opened this year, blended their business, they would look very similar to the company numbers statistically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Holden Lewis with BB&T. 
Holden Lewis - BB&T: You sort of alluded I think to the fact that your cost structure right now is in the process or has largely normalized, and so I guess being aware that you're still close to historical peak margins at this point, I guess I'm sort of curious when you look forward without necessarily getting into the exact date, what pieces of the margin pie do you think that there is good progress to be made on? Because obviously vendor rebates are kind of flattening out and the price cost piece looks like its flattening out. I don't know how much more you have in terms of the transportation this year, there were I think some more occupancy but when you think about all your margins pieces, what pieces do you think that you have meaningful margin opportunity in the next 12 months or the next 24 months to continue to drive the margin tired [ph], and keep those incremental margins above 30?
Will Oberton:  You mean the operating margins higher or the gross margins?
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Well, I mean pieces that might affect you know one or both. 
Will Oberton: Well on the gross margin, which will drive to the bottom, I think importing and private label we still have a lot of opportunity there. That got slowed down a little bit because we weren't growing our business a year ago. So it's hard to introduce new products when you don't have the growth.
Dan Florness:  And we're in an inventory contraction mode.
Will Oberton: Yes, So we have a nice opportunity there. Other things, one is support labor. Support labor makes up something like 7%, 7.5% of sales. If we grow our business by say 20% next year, not saying we will, but if we were to and that only grows by 5% to 10%, there is a nice incremental improvement. Occupancy is another one if we were to grow our business well above our 6% to 10% store opening rate, another very big improvement because occupancy is our second largest expense behind labor.
Dan Florness: Out of that, a piece of occupancy, when we started the pathway to profit, when we talked about the 500 basis point increase improvement in our operating margin, it was largely an operating expense discussion. About 60% of that was going to come from labor efficiencies over time because we didn't need to add as much support infrastructure to support that sales growth, so about 300 basis points of labor efficiency and about 200 basis points of occupancy efficiency  And that efficiency and occupancy was all about growing our average store size because the occupancy expense on a per store basis doesn't change when you go from 50 to 100,000 appreciably. And when I look at the third quarter number as an example, of that 200 basis points of operating margin expansion that we are getting from occupancy alone, 160 is still on the table. But what needs to happen to get that is our average store size needs to continue to grow and run away from if you will that occupancy, that fixed occupancy expense.
Will Oberton: One thing I'll point out talking about pathway to profit that I was very happy with when I started, if you look at the report where we show the profitability by store size, the group that shows 60 to 100,000 in monthly revenue was at 22.7% pre-tax which is only 30 basis points off our pathway to profit goal, but these stores are about only 60% the size. So we've really done a nice job that our release tells me is that we don't need to get to the $125,000 because of all the things we are doing. And so the goal of pathway to profit 23% is not as far away as we once thought it was. So those are very encouraging numbers and we still have a lot of opportunity. One other thing that I was going to touch on is, we also have opportunity in distribution for next year because we don't plan to open any large distribution centers.  In the last couple of years, we have invested very heavily in Indianapolis and some of our other distribution centers, Dallas. To mention the other one. That's pretty much behind us. So we are going to start leveraging that fixed cost as we go forward with higher revenue base.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: So it's really not a lot of internal initiatives that you are working on. It's mostly just limiting the cost creep as the revenues go up a bit; you're kind of farming those?
Will Oberton: No, I think we're continuing to work on the same things, transportation, support. I mean there's only so many pieces to our business, so we can't go out and create new things to save. But just looking at the business we believe that we have a lot of headroom on all of the things we mentioned to improve those areas of the business as a percentage of revenue. You know we have no new initiatives like we did when we started our transportation initiative.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Just a couple of quick clarifications, first of all for the fourth quarter store opening, is it correct to say you are looking at the lower end of the second half target of 80 to 95 stores. Did I hear you correctly, or you are looking at 35 to 40, is that right?
Dan Florness: Yes, it was 80 to 95, and about mid point of that range.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Dan, you mentioned that non-res active accounts are a greater percent of the customer base than the revenue from those customers. Could you flush that out with some data behind it? Is it actually like half of the actives, or what would that look like? 
Dan Florness: It is not quite half the actives. I mean if you look at all of our customers we have a lot of active customers in the respective groups, but if I looked at it relative to our manufacturing group of customers it's about 20% bigger. Sometimes the data gets a little dizzying because there are different pieces that we identify in different ways.  Sufficed as to say non-res construction is our largest customer group by number of customers, but clearly not our largest revenue group. Because if you think about our business model and what we bring to the table you know a lot of those subcontractors that are working on these jobs, we are a great supplier to them because we provide them the ability to be unbelievably flexible in their day-to-day business plans.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: And then the last question, the new stores that are under two years old seem to be generating a bit more revenue per location than they did in the past, and I am wondering if the new stores that are being opened up are larger format, or if you are just having better success with location planning? Could you just talk through that dynamic a little bit?
Dan Florness: Well I guess when I look at it, over, really I think that's been something that's been, the comment you made has been true for a number of years now. And I attribute the good part of that to our CSP initiative we did earlier in the decade. When we open a store, we are putting in a better offering of inventory. We are going into a better location, but this isn't something we're doing over the last two years, this is something that's really been going on for four or five years. We just have a better business and we spread out. Will?
Will Oberton : And I think at some level when you open fewer stores you pick the best locations, the best managers, everything affecting the top quartile in this because that's all you have to do in the top half. So we should expect a little better results when we open fewer stores. Especially from a personnel standpoint, we have more qualified people because we pick the best ones ever lined up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Gregory [ph] at Mandalay Research [ph].
Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research:  A couple of questions, Will. A couple of months ago in the Wall Street Journal they talked about how in 2011 e-commerce is going to be the driving initiative for outcome this year for that. Hitting on the leverage even at the bottom line or the top line. What are you guys doing in terms of, can you provide some color as to what some of your e-commerce visions are going forward and how do you plan to take the company there?
Will Oberton: From an e-commerce standpoint, we've pushed very hard internally to grow. We see e-commerce a little different than others because we have the brick and mortar out there. So our plan for ecommerce and it seems to be working well although its small, it's small is to get our customers in a local market to place orders off the web, using it as an order, our search method and an order placing mechanism through our local place of business. If they want to buy just like people from Amazon and have it shipped in, we're happy to do that. But most customers would rather have the product delivered locally if they can.  So what we need to do as an organization, we need to go out to our existing customers and all the customers in the area, introduce them to fastenal.com which is a very good website, has a very good search engine. Show them what we're capable of doing and change their habits from picking up the telephone and calling us to turning around their keyboard and placing an order with us electronically.  The benefit to us, one is, they see a lot broader product offering; two is, we can download their customized pricing to them so we don't have to look it up every time they call and three is, if the order comes in electronically, it does save us time and energy in processing the order because it's already in the system. They entered it instead of one of our people entering it. So we recognize the benefits of it. We have a very strong initiative internally. Nevertheless, well, basically throughout 2010 we've seen a tremendous increase in the activity. But we have a long ways to go. The first one to admit; that's one area where Fastenal is probably not the leader in industrial distribution. We plan to catch up and pass people as time goes on and we're going to do it fast.
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: What is your percentage of revenue that you're actually getting from the Fastenal site? Now where would you like that to be?
Will Oberton: We don't actually put those numbers out, but the number is low.
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: And so you like, it's obviously, it really got transacting more people have tried to improve that revenue stream?
Dan Florness : Matt, could you repeat it? We're really having a difficult time understanding your questions.
Will Oberton: We can't hear you.
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: You're looking to guide more people to the site. That definitely improve revenue stream that's probably your top initiative this year?
Will Oberton: Our top initiative is introducing the site to our customers and driving revenue so that we have more customers familiar with it. We'll never be more than 50% because it doesn't really work well for our bin-stock business, our vending business and our line stock business. And so it's really about the MRO unplanned spend part of our business. I mean it should realistically, it could grow to 20% or 30% of our revenue someday but that's far into the future.
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: I saw you guys are doing a lot on the social media in terms of like Facebook and Twitter. What are you guys doing in terms of mobile? Is that something you've already done or looking to where customers can download an app and then go directly to your store and order from their iPhone?
Will Oberton: I know they're working. I'm probably the wrong guy to be talking about it. But I'd be happy to put you in touch with the person who runs that for us. I can barely run my own cell phone. It's not that bad.
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: Final question. Going forward for 2011, what would you like to say to everyone on the call, to share, what is your top goal to really take the company in the next level and how would you like to get there?
Will Oberton: What is our top goal to take the company to the next level?
 Steven Gregory  Mandalay Research: Yes.
Will Oberton: Continue to drive the pathway to profit and basically the revenue and the pathway to profit. So we're working very, very hard at making our business more efficient. I'm a very strong believer in the company that wins in the long run is the one that has the most efficient machine for delivering product to the customers simple, efficient. And so we're going to continue to work on pathway to profit and just improve our model from a manufacturer somewhere in the world to a customer somewhere else, and the one who can do in a most efficient way is the one who is going to give the greatest return to their employees and their shareholders.
Dan Florness: With that, we are at 9.47 Central Time. So we've hit the limit of our call. Again, thank you for your interest in Fastenal and your support of Fastenal. I would hope this call was informative as well as the earnings release we put out early this morning.  Typical at the end of a call it's not uncommon for me to get a couple of calls from our analyst community; I would ask that you hold those calls off for about an hour this morning. A few minutes before the call I got word that my 90 year old uncle passed away, I'm going to give my cousin a call and share some memories with him.  I was blessed from the standpoint of having an uncle that he lived 90 years, was a pilot in World War II in North Africa, and I have a ton of respect for him. And I want to make sure my cousin knows that. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, you may all disconnect, everyone have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen Trester  Internal Audit Manager Will Oberton  President and CEO Dan Florness  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray Luke Junk  Robert W. Baird Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2010 second quarter and earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions) I would now like to introduce Ms. Ellen Trester.
Ellen Trester: Welcome to Fastenal Company 2010 second quarter and earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website until September 1, 2010 at midnight Central Time. As a reminder, todays conference call includes statements regarding the companys anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of todays date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton.
Will Oberton: Thank you, Ellen. And thank everybody for joining us today. Also, I thank everybody for the support you have given us over the last several quarters because things have been a little tougher and we are starting to bring it back. Im very proud to report that we had a nice quarter. The second quarter turned out very well for Fastenal. Our sales are really on track with where we thought they would be. If you recall back to our January conference call, Dan and I talked about the sequential trends and where we thought they would come out. And after the call, we got some people who were cautioning us on being a little bit optimistic, but fortunately they have played out exactly where we thought they would be. If you look at the trend line, I believe five out of six months have been at or above the sequential pattern  historical sequential pattern. June came in right at 21.1%. At the end of May, we thought maybe June would do a little bit better, but actually it turned out that May was just a blockbuster month. We had a lot of things lined up for us. And so we are not at all disappointed with June. May was just a spectacular month. The sales really were driven by our manufacturing customers, which were up 29.8% for the company  for the quarter, excuse me. Very, very good pattern. Construction customers did come back just a little bit. They were way down in the first quarter, came back to flat to plus 0.5%. So thats actually a very positive sign. We dont see a lot of activity there, but in some of the areas like oil and gas and some of the other more mechanical areas of construction we are seeing some life coming into that business. Our active accounts have not been growing the way that we would like them to. They were up 3% for the quarter. We have done a lot of research trying to understand that better, and what we found, its really being driven by the lack of actives as being caused by two things. One is that our construction customers, a lot of the residential, which isnt a big piece of our business, but its a big piece of our actives, and the small commercial contractors are just not showing up with the frequency they did at one time. Many of them are just very  not a lot of business. The other thing thats hurting our active accounts is that we have opened fewer stores, and new stores have always been one of the greatest drivers of active accounts. So all of the actives were only up 3%. We are pretty comfortable with where we are after we have looked at the data. In the manufacturing side, we had very nice growth in actives and thats driving that 29.8% growth in manufacturing business. Gross margins came in at 52.1%, right on track with where we thought they would be. And Dan is going to give a little more color later in the call telling you where the breakdown is, but we are improving in all areas of our business with the gross margin. And we are comfortable that that trend will continue going forward based on everything that we are seeing. Im very happy with the progress or the results that we are able to show on expense control. Our expenses were up 7.9% against the 20% sales growth. And if you take out the labor, we did a great job and pretty much every area of expense control. And the reason I see take out the labor is the two components of labor are base salary or standard pay was in great shape, but our commissions and bonuses were way up. And thats a great problem. Its great for our employees to come back and make good bonuses and good connections. And thats a problem that we would take every day. So overall expense is up less than 8%. I think everybody in the field, everybody on the Fastenal team has done a really nice job of hold the line when things are picking up. And its not easy at this time because weve been really tight for about 18 months, but it seems like everyone is rallying to make that happen. At the beginning of the year, we talked  Dan and I and all the regional and senior people talked to people all year long and we said we really have  if things go well, our expenses are going to go up for one of two reasons; either we get a little bit loose and just spend the money on miscellaneous things or we stay real tight when we spend the money on bonuses. And Im happy to report to you and to the Fastenal employees that we are able to spend it on bonuses, not the other things, so that people get their jobs. Headcount standpoint, our headcount was up a little bit. I actually had hoped that our store headcount would have grown a little more. We will see headcount growth throughout the year, not much in support. We are going to hold very tight in support and distribution. We may see a little bit in the distribution as volume picks up. But through the rest of the year, I can see between 300 and 500 FTE at the store site spread throughout the year. And thats really just to deal with the volume and make sure that we continue on the (inaudible) calling on customers. Most of that at the store would be part-time employees and a handful of full-time sales people. Another group of sales specialists are people that we are going to be adding, and these people will come out of our stores and be replaced by newer employees, as we are adding between 80 and 95 sales specialists. And some of those came into the second quarter and the rest would be added mainly in the third and the fourth quarter. These people will be sales specialists in various areas, from government sales, vending sales, manufacturing sales, product specialists, that would be out working with our customers, driving business through our stores to help drive up the average store size. We have had some very good results with people weve put in earlier in the year, and so we are going to continue to add that again to drive people  drive revenue through our existing store sites. Another area that Im very happy with our progress is our pathway to profit or our pretax profit goal. If you look on page six of our earnings release, we have the chart that shows the profitability per store or per store size. And the one area that is probably the best progress that weve made is in the small stores. And we have talked about that in both the first and the second quarter conference calls that we have been working very hard and that in probably the calls last year, working very hard in those small stores to reduce the expenses and get them to grow faster. So we have really made progress in two areas. One is we have greatly reduced the number of stores in that category and the other half is we have cut the losses by half in that group of stores. But in every category, our profitability has moved up nicely. The 30 to 60, 60 to 100, 100, as you go down that list, every one is up I think a minimum of 2 percentage points over the previous year. And thats due to hard work, good expense control, improvement in margin, and everybody thats focusing on their business and taking it  looking at one store at a time to improve the profitability. So Im not ready to say that we are right back on track to pathway profit, but we are getting really close, and I think we are going to start marching forward assuming that the economy holds out for us. And so far, so good in that regard. The last thing I want to touch on is store openings. We were very cautious in the second quarter, opening stores. And in June, we thought we would open a few more stores. One thing thats happening there is we have to break the district managers lose a little bit. We have been really tight on it with adding people and controlling their expenses. And so when things started to pick up, they were holding on to the rope pretty tight, didnt want to let go. And so we have to nudge them to open the stores. We are doing that. We believe that we will open between 80 and 95 stores in the back half of the year, and we would really be right back on track with our pathway to profit. That would give us 6% to 7% store openings on a second half of the year basis. And we are comfortable that we can get that done. With that, Im going to turn it over to Dan. Dan is going to give you a lot more color on the financials and then when he is done, we will open it up for questions. Again, thank you very much for your support.
Dan Florness: Thank you, Will, and good morning, everybody. I will touch on some of the things that Will touched on. Ill try to give a little more color without doing too much, but just some highlights. As Will mentioned and I refer everybody to that table we have on the bottom of page three, and again we started talking about this back in January. We looked at a period in history, a period we chose as 98 to 2003. We felt the characteristics of that timeframe have many similarities with this timeframe. We had a prolonged period of industrial slowdown that started with the Asian flu in 98, really continued until the 2003 timeframe when it started ticking up. We pulled back our store openings in that timeframe, so a lot of similar dynamics in play. And as you can see on the pattern, five out of six months were at or above it. February was below because of weather impacts. May jumped out a little bit. Again, that was just a blockbuster month. And so, very pleased with the progress we have seen. And based on what we have seen thus far in July, we anticipate that trend line to continue. And lets see how that plays out. From a gross margin standpoint, and this is a sequential comparison, weve picked up 100 basis points of additional margin  gross margin. And if I split that apart, about half of that improvement came at what Id consider  excuse me, 30% of that improvement came at the transactional level. And that was our day-to-day activity at our stores, people pricing product, challenging themselves to raise our margin. About 20% of it came at the organizational level, what weve called the profit of our buying programs. About half of the improvement those two pieces combined. We talked earlier in the year rebates continuing in our vendor programs, which are really volume-centric programs, which were mauled pretty severely. And as we went through 2009, we made nice progress there. From Q4 to Q1, we continued to make progress there from Q1 to Q2 that came up about 25 basis points of our improvement. So thats 75% of the improvement. The last 25 is all the other stuff. We continue to make great progress in this timeframe with what we are doing with our freight programs. We continue to make  eek out 5 basis points, 8 basis points there in additional improvements. If you lump them all together, it adds up to about 25 basis points. So there is our 100 basis points of improvement. As I look at that going forward, I think we have nice momentum on the transactional side and the organizational side. The rebate piece, we still have some incremental means, but they are becoming more marginal because we have really recouped back to historical patterns. As Will mentioned in the end market arena, our manufacturing business, when I compare Q1 to Q2 on a year-over-year basis, our improvement almost doubled. On the non-residential piece, beginning in May, that looked positive. Its not helping our growth, but its not going backwards. And we dont see anything in the near term that would cause that to change. But again when I get back to that trend pattern, we talked about the sequential patterns, thats really inherent in what we are looking at is continued weakness in the construction. I wont touch on any more other than, as Will mentioned, our store statistics, meaningful improvement in all categories. Particularly proud of that first group because thats not a case of business coming back, manufacturing business picking up that we saw the improvement. When you look at those stores doing less than 30,000 and the fact that our losses in that group dropped in half from a year-agos percentage of sales, thats just hard work by our district managers and focused effort to say Im going to break these stores, I want to break them even faster. And they are making really nice progress in that area. The pathway of profit information, one item Ill give a little color to, FTE headcount. If we look at since we began the pathway to profit and break out that information in the middle of the page, our store FTE is up about 11.5%. So during that timeframe, weve continued to invest heavily in store personnel as we moved on the pathway of profit. Obviously, took a bit of a step-back in the last 12 months because of the economy, but continued to invest in our selling capabilities at the store. The remaining headcount is about 4.8% down. If you look at the last two groups combined from where it was in Q1 2007 and that really plays into the fact that a lot of our support headcount are predicated on store locations, not sales, and getting very nice leverage there. One item Id point out, if you look at the distribution and manufacturing numbers on a year-over-year basis, you would see they are up. That up has caused that increase has caused entirely from the Holo-Krome acquisition. If you strip that out, that headcount would be down normally from last year as well. As Will mentioned, operating and administrative expenses saw really nice leverage. And Ill share a few pieces of information. As everybody knows, our earnings are up roughly 60% on a year-over-year basis. If we look at all the incentive compensation we pay out, store commissions, profitability bonus, project area bonuses et cetera and lump all those together, our incentive comp was up almost 80% on a year-over-year basis. And our profit was up 60, which is nice  when I think about our support areas, when I think about our store personnel, in 2009, a lot of conversations, talking folks through about what was going to happen as that year played out and a lot of that was believed in where we can go as an organization and where to get through 2009 together. And I think second quarter of 2010 is a nice exclamation point to being through with 2009 and that we were able to reward our personnel for a job well done as we went through the year and I believe lot of legs to that. Also Im happy to say our profit-sharing bonus, which disappeared in 2009, was up nicely when I look at 2010 year-to-date and the second quarter. One other item Id touch on, in the non-payroll operating expenses, our occupancy improved sequentially, as we would expect with we are out of the heating season. We still have a lot of opportunity there and a lot of work to do, and we would expect to see continued improvements in our occupancy expense. Interest statistic as looking at our fuel consumption over the weekend, and since 2008, our fuel expense  and a piece of it is in operating expenses, a piece of it is in margin because the diesel fuel in our semi fleet in margin, that is down 38.3% from the second quarter of 2003. If I average out the drop in fuel prices, both diesel and gasoline combined, they are down about 26%. So we did a nice job of picking up a whole bunch of efficiencies in that two-year period above and beyond just the unit cost expenses. Working capital, accounts receivable were up 23% on a June-to-June basis, essentially in line with the sales growth. We were at about 21.1 the last two months, so a little bit added. A lot of that was driven by the fact that our industrial business is growing faster, our large account business is growing faster, as well as some of our international business growing faster. And some of those customer bases have terms that goes slightly longer and then pulls up our days, a fraction of a day, but very nice job on accounts receivable side. And our bad debt expense essentially dropped in half from where it was running in the timeframe of last year. Inventory, thats one item on the quarter Im frankly disappointed in. If I look at our store inventory, the store component, year-to-date thats down about $2 million. That should be down around 10. And so when I look at what weve done year-to-date overall with our inventory being up about $14 million, Im disappointed that its at high. We still have very nice momentum. The $2 million that we have taken out occurred in the last several months. And so we have nice momentum, but we need to push hard in Q3 and Q4 to continue to manage that inventory number as we move forward. Cash flow standpoint, a nice job year-to-date, 96% of our earnings have  is our operating cash flow as a percentage of earnings. And free cash flow is just north of 70%. And if you recall from previous calls, our target number is 80% to 90% for operating cash flow as a percentage of earnings and free cash flow of 50% to 60% and for well above those numbers six months into the year. With that, I will turn it over to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Tom Hayes from Piper Jaffray.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Great. Good morning, gentlemen.
Will Oberton: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Just wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit on your expectation on the  you mentioned some great performance on the profit by store size. Just your thoughts on timing on those smaller stores and your expectations on timing to get those stores to more breakeven.
Will Oberton: That size of zero to 30 will probably never be at a breakeven. What they do is they migrate out and then we open new stores. So that pool is somewhat consistent, if that makes sense. But based on where they are, we think that the operating losses should be anywhere from 8% to 12%, not 24%. We were  we are putting additional expense and are trying to drive growth and we werent getting much  seeing much improvement in the growth. So we backed up the expenses. They are still growing at the same rate. They are spending less money to get there. But they never  we never foreseen going to profitability.
Dan Florness: If you think about that group, the average store in there probably does around 20,000 a month. So there is about $10,000 in gross profit dollars and there is  right now, there is $12,000 of operating expenses. That math doesnt really change. The fact that we took that 12 down from 14 a year ago was quite an accomplishment.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: No, it is. Youve done a great job across the whole spectrum of store sizes. As a quick follow-up, we havent talked much lately about the private label progress as far as your growth in that area. Just wondering if you could provide any update as far as new lines, are there growth rates in the private label versus kind of the broader spectrum of products.
Will Oberton: I actually dont have the growth rate on it, but we continue to work hard developing our private label brands and continue to find success and higher margin. But the actual numbers, I dont have with me.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
Luke Junk  Robert W. Baird: Good morning. This is actually Luke Junk for Dave this morning. My first question is, as we are getting back on track with pathway to profit here, could you maybe talk a little bit about maybe thinking about contribution margins going forward on whether the very strong 44% year-over-year that we saw this quarter?
Dan Florness: Good morning, Luke. When I look out at Q3 and Q4 as an example and I look at year-over-year basis and look at sales growth, as you see in that table on the bottom of page two and you look at those patterns, what we are getting to the point where we get midway through the third quarter, we started to anniversary the comparisons and then our real operating leverage is getting back to two things. Pathway to profit, because our growth now is on a constant year-over-year basis; and the second piece is our ability to enhance our gross margins. We were very pleased with the 44%. We are hopeful that were going to move out the balance of the year in Q3 and dropping off a little bit in Q4 that we are able to maintain upper 30s type of incremental margin.
Luke Junk  Robert W. Baird: Thats helpful. And then if we turn to pricing, I know you mentioned in the release some  the bias would be positive this year and weve been hearing from some of our contacts (inaudible) some higher Fastenal prices coming over from Asia in the second half. How do you see that hitting the market if you move forward?
Will Oberton: There are some  there are higher Fastenal prices that have kind of backed off a little bit recently over the last month or so. Its backed up a little bit. We see pricing going up, but its going to be in the low-single digits. The Fastenal product line has a long tail because people have a lot of inventory. If we see any benefit, it will be in the latter half of the third quarter going into the fourth quarter as we see a little bit of benefit. But right now its a little bit murky because of the uncertainty in the overall economy. Its not like it was back in late 2007 or the angles are going up at this acute angle. Slight increases here and there.
Luke Junk  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Will Oberton: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: Hi guys, good morning. I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color about the sales trend that you have been seeing, if you could talk about sales by geography across the US. What did you see in Canada? And I guess Mexico is still kind of small for you, but  and then also if you could just talk a little bit more about how you guys are growing your non-residential construction sales right now, if you have done any work and how much of that is new account growth versus better oil and gas and mechanical customers, as you mentioned earlier?
Will Oberton: I can touch on the geographical. As far as the construction, we dont have all the fine detail on that, but geographically weve actually seen a nice pickup across the country. There is no area thats weak. We are particularly strong in Eastern Canada. Western Canada is doing about at the same level as the other part of the business. The one area  I guess that there was one area that we are seeing a little bit of weakness is basically the Rocky Mountains, basically from Montana to New Mexico. That strip is a little bit soft for us. But some of that is that we get real  we were doing better last year. It didnt taper off as fast and so its not coming back as fast. The brighter spot that we have is our international business. Asia is doing very well for us. Singapore, Malaysia, China are growing well above 50%. And we are seeing there is a lot of good things going on there. In the US, its really pretty even coming back other than that Rocky Mountain area. And then as far as the construction, most of the large jobs that we are seeing are energy related, either coal-fired power plants that are going on. There is a lot of oil and gas in North Dakota, some construction up there putting in wells and infrastructure. We are hearing a lot of business with that. Were seeing rebuilding down in the Houston area with a lot of the refineries. We are doing some really nice business there. Most of the business that we are seeing was coming from existing mechanical contractors that are doing well. The part of commercial construction thats missing is you just dont see a crane up and down in the cities. Another area that weve really seen it basically completely gone is where they have put big boxes throughout the first half of 2000 to 2006. There was a Target, a Wal-Mart, a Home Depot going up in about 100 or 200 of our cities at any given time. And that is really nice business for us thats usually local regional contractors and they are locking in the store. If there is a Home Depot going up to pick up $3,000 to $5,000 a month in miscellaneous business until the project is done. That business is just non-existent today.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. And then just a follow-up on the international business. Some time ago you had some aspirations of opening up quite a few of international stores. Can you just update us on your thoughts there?
Will Oberton: Dan is going to show  he is pointing out the number, but I cant read it.
Dan Florness: Yes. International locations, when I look at this year, close  almost 10% of our openings are international. And if we look at that from a percentage standpoint, thats meaningfully above where they are as a percentage of our business. And that trend is going to continue to broaden. The limiting factor always on locations, the section that we have international business is two things. One, when I think of our  I'm going to exclude Canada when I say this because Canada is far enough along developed that these two pieces dont really come into play. It operates very much like our US-centric store-based business. But when I think of international, I would think of the two limiting factors. One is always the development of people and the ability to open stores. And thats a limitation that weve always had in our organization. The second one is, when you look at particularly our Asian business, our model there is a little bit different. Its more of an OEM-centric faster model where we have fewer locations with larger business per location. So the dynamics of peer store openings are a little bit different, but we will continue to invest heavily in people into those international locations.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: Great. Thanks, guys.
Will Oberton: On a positive note, the international business is trending  from a profit standpoint, is trending at or above the company numbers. So thats not a concern.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Good morning. First, just there is a comment in the release that reads, payroll was tracking in the 60% to 65% of SG&A range through the first quarter, and now it has moved back to the 65% to 70% historic range. I was hoping you can maybe give me a little color, because obviously there is not that kind of sequential jump Q1 to Q2, but I was hoping you could just talk through that in a little bit more detail.
Dan Florness: Well, I mean, if you look at it historically, when you look at all the components of payroll, base pay, bonus pay, profit sharing, our school of business dollars, our healthcare dollars, historically we were in that upper range. Last year, unfortunately, because if you think about the business model, when you think about the components of operating expense, that is the most variable expense we have. Occupancy in the short-term much less variable because you have your locations and your expense is your expense. You can change the thermostat. You could renegotiate leases. But those are  that's about it. You still have a base of locations. And so that dropped last year because that variable expense dropped dramatically. When you look at on a year-over-year basis, that is sequential basis for that matter. Earlier I mentioned that our profitability, our commissions and profit bonuses combined were up almost 80% on a year-over-year basis. That combined with our FTE stabilizing and growing on a sequential basis is causing that expense as a percentage to grow faster than everything else until its getting  it's moved back to where its norm is. Last year wasnt the norm.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Okay. Great, that's helpful. And then, Will, just maybe  just to make sure  I want to clarify this. The target for the second half of the year in terms of FTE additions, 300 to 500, plus you also referenced another 80, so that means maybe approximately 400 to 600 sales force oriented additions on an FTE basis second half. Did I hear that correct?
Will Oberton: Well, about half of the 80 have been put in place. So its correct if you just took it down by  you take it down by 40 to 50 and youre right.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Okay, great. And then just one 
Will Oberton: And also understand that most of that at the store level will be part time. So as a percentage of labor, its not nearly as high as it sounds because its a lower cost level, a lower rate.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up, just to kind of tie what Dan said earlier. There is also talk about keeping the non-store based headcount relatively constant with where it is now. Is that as a percentage of total numbers or just constant with current levels, because as you add more stores, would that provide the need for more additions there?
Will Oberton: We believe we can hold our support labor out. There will be some additions in distribution, but they will not be nearly as high as our sales growth should be. We are going to work very hard to hold the support pretty much flat. And whatever dollars we have, we want to put them into sales positions, growth drivers. We really believe if you can only invest in certain parts of the business closer to the customer will give us a greater return. And we found through the slowdown of 2009 that, you know, do we compromise a few things when we have fewer support people? Absolute, we always do. But our people have got better prioritizing and really getting the things that are necessary, that are most important. So hold support very tight, invest in sales, and see how it plays out and grow our business.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Great, thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Good morning, Will. Good morning, Dan. How are you?
Will Oberton: Good.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Simple quickie there. First off, with respect to the rebates, Dan, I thought I recalled last quarter you mentioned that you expected the rebates to continue to improve in terms of having a positive contribution as the year progressed. Now it looks like  was there a pull-forward or an acceleration of that timeframe into Q2? I'm just trying to get a sense of juxtaposing what you said last quarter with what you are looking at now.
Dan Florness: Historically, that component of our margin is worth about 100 basis points. And last year what happened as we went through the year, that 100 dropped down to  in the fourth quarter, it was at about 30 basis points. We lost about  sequentially through the year, we lost about 70 basis points. We gained about half of that back in the first quarter. First quarter we had about 65 basis points. That number, if you look at what we earned in the second quarter, we are at about 97 basis points  we are basically back to 100 basis points. A little piece of that fits an ending inventory because of the way turns work, and so in our P&L, we picked up 25 basis points and we are running right now at 90. I see no reason why we wont get back to 100. When I talk about the contribution going forward, I see that being at 100 basis points. I didnt think 10 basis point sequential improvement was enough to talk about.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Got you. Very helpful. Thank you. And then with respect to the new store productivity, very impressive getting the younger stores  less of a lost leadership standpoint. Talk about the new store productivity from a sales basis, where you're looking at from stores maybe a year old, what the average sales rate is for those stores versus perhaps a year or two ago. Is it a combination of additional leverage or is it more heavy lifting at the store level irrespective of sales trends?
Dan Florness: You know, I dont have those facts in front of me. So Im going to talk a bit from the hip [ph]. As Will mentioned earlier, when we have improving trends in sales growth, what happens is stores graduate out of that group and they move to the group and then to the third group to fourth to fifth et cetera. So when I look at that group, could the average store in there be 5% or 10% higher than it would have been a year ago? Maybe. But that wont really change that number because the piece that would be getting paid out and then added commissions and maybe adding people because that store is growing, or adding hours to the part-timer. It really changed because we lowered  essentially we took couple of grand worth of monthly expenses out of those stores because the district manager decided it wasnt bringing value to my question and Im going to do without it. Now the fact that we might have given the DM a nudge to do that, thats irrelevant. The DM took dollars out of that store, because if the store is growing faster and its getting to higher level, thats what drives us to graduate from that group.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Got you. Last question, if I might. Will, you mentioned last quarter that your econometric model was suggesting that organic growth rates would perhaps peak at around September or October. Anything you are seeing now that would perhaps push that a little bit or bring it forward, or is that still the time frame you are looking at?
Will Oberton: You mean year-over-year sales growth numbers?
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Yes, sir.
Will Oberton: That actually  I'll let Dan  Dan is jumping on me here.
Dan Florness: Actually, if you look at that trend pattern, once we get past July and then to August, you really see a pattern that starts to mirror that historical pattern.
Will Oberton: Thats actually above the historical pattern.
Dan Florness: Yes. But then so the growth then is on more of a steady-state business. Thats what I was alluding to earlier when I was talking about the pathway to profit and whats going to drive our profitability improvements in the future. When we talk about September and October, thats really a comment not unique to 2010. Thats every year in our business. Those are our peak sales months on an absolute dollar basis for the year because our business  our business is always running forward and growing. What happens in November and December is there just arent enough business days and you have so many holiday impacts with businesses that are shut down for part of the Thanksgiving week, that are shut down for the Christmas-New Year timeframe. So the quality of the business days in November and December plus construction business slowing because the seasonality fall off. And historically, we look at our business and once we get through October, we now are developing our plan for the next year on our sales trends because January and October  really September-October, the daily average in that timeframe tends to mirror over historically what were going to see the following January. So it was an absolute dollar peak, not a sales growth peak.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: I understand completely. Thank you much.
Dan Florness: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just wondering if you could comment about sales trends between your larger accounts versus your smaller customers? As well as, is it fair to say that everything you're seeing in the market right now is just a straight sell-through? Your customers are still pretty cautious regarding restocking. Any color you can give there would be appreciated. Thank you.
Will Oberton: As far as the large accounts versus the small accounts, we are seeing better growth numbers out of the large accounts. But its probably more about what type of account typically our manufacturing customers or our largest customers are growing nicely. And many of the small towns, as I said earlier, are the residential and non-residential contractors who are not doing very well at all. So I think its more about the type of company than what the businesses we are in versus the size that they are. Even our small manufacturing customers are growing nicely. And what was the second half of your question?
Dan Florness: Ill answer that. The second half was about sell-through versus inventory. This is a belief. I dont know this to be a fact. But I know  businesses that I talk to, people that I talk to, nobody is too excited about putting their neck out too far right now on two fronts. I dont think people are adding  are willing to put their neck out adding people too fast right now because there are not  there is enough uncertainty still about the future. And so you are not seeing a lot of headcount added by any company. The second one is inventory. I think a lot of people have a very good memory of 2009. A lot of business that squeezed really hard where they have a certain inventory level to support their business, the business fell through the floor and all of a sudden, the stuff coming in the one door is greater than the stuff thats going out the other door. And a lot of companies built up inventory. And thats what amplified what happened in 2009. And we were no different. Late in 08, our inventory grew dramatically. And the inventory we dropped in the first half of 09 was really working off the bubble that built in the last three months of 08. And so I dont believe people are adding to their inventory other than to meet their shipping needs of the next few weeks or the next month depending on their business cycle and their supply chain. And so I believe the business we are seeing is real and its not being lifted by inventory build.
Will Oberton: If you think of the historical pattern, what Dan is talking about, what customers talking, less inventory, goes all the way back to the early 90s, the early recession  recession in the early 90s. Coming out of that companies started just in time inventory and a whole bunch of trends throughout our industry to lower what they had. Then in the early 2000 slowdown, it became much greater. CFOs were getting involved in their businesses. Call it Class-C items. We dont need that tool crib worth $600, $800 and millions of dollars. Lets get rid of that and let the distributors do it for us. That has been good for our business for 20 years. We believe this trend is even stronger because the hit was even worse with the economy. And what Im hearing and Ive been talking to lots of customers, what can you do to close down my tool crib and you guys just take care of it? That is a very positive trend for Fastenal because we have more inventory closer to more customers and almost  probably than anyone else there. So we are very optimistic that no one will ever rebuild their inventory and they will depend on Fastenal to be their supply store for their factory. So its very positive.
Dan Florness: With that 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Youre welcome. Thank you.
Dan Florness: With that, Ill close out the call. We are at 9:44. Close out the call by again thank you to shareholders listening to this call for your support and belief in Fastenal over the last 18 months through some pretty trying times. Thank you to the employees that are listening to this call for weathering through 2009. It wasnt a lot of fun. And a last item Ill turn out there, and this is from  I've been traveling for the last couple months and I was with Ken Nance who heads up our business in  from basically Dallas and then into Southern California. And when I was out there visiting with the Southern California DMs back in May, very impressive group, and he said something and he repeated it yesterday in the Board meeting that I thought was interesting. And one thing he really preaches to his guys, Im not sure if he read it in a book or if he came up with it or if he heard it from somebody else, but he said, the first thing I always impress upon my folks, you have to believe that we can do something. Once you believe it, then it gets a lot easier. You plan, you execute, and you repeat. Thats all we do every day. Will, anything you want to add?
Will Oberton: No. Thank you very much.
Dan Florness: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays program. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  [Ellen Tressler  IR] Will Oberton  President & CEO Dan Florness  EVP & CFO
Analysts:  David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Jeff Germanotta  William Blair  Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James  Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Company first quarter earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today, Ms. Ellen Tressler; please go ahead.
Ellen Tressler : Welcome to Fastenal Companys 2010 first quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes.  The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission, or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenals Investor Relations home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of this webcast will be available on this website until June 1, 2010, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder todays conference call includes statements regarding the companys anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements maybe often are identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ material from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these forward-looking statements are contained in the companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully.  Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made of todays date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton.
Will Oberton : Thank you Ellen, and if I speak as fast as you do, well be out of here in three minutes, nice job. Just joking. Good morning everybody. I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call. I want to thank all the Fastenal people because we were able to produce good numbers this quarter due to a lot of hard work by all the people on the team.  As you can see our sales grew faster than we had thought or than were estimated coming in at 6.4% growth but very close to the pattern that Dan and I had talked about on the fourth quarter call, very similar to the pattern. What weve seen is geographically its spread wide.  Weve seen improvement in every geographic area of the country and internationally weve seen nice improvement month to month, so its not coming back from just one area or one group of customers, its very widespread. It seems like somewhat of an economic rebound, not fast, coming back slow but it is more positive. And I have been out with a lot of customers in different companies recently and Im hearing more of that, that people are becoming slightly more optimistic about the future. From an end market standpoint our manufacturing customers grew at 16% year over year so very nice growth there but our construction, our non-residential construction customers actually dropped 15% year over year and so thats very much a concern and right now we dont foresee that coming back much in 2010 if at all. And so were really looking beyond 2010 for some good growth, meaningful improvement in the non-residential construction customers. Fortunately they only make up less than 25% of our business, but still its a meaningful hit and I believe thats why were not breaking out of the improvement pattern that we talked about.  I thought we would actually go above the pattern but the construction is holding us back somewhat. But all in all, I think were making nice improvement sequentially from a sales standpoint. And its also encouraging that its widespread geographically.  From a gross margin standpoint we talked about three different areas, inflation, rebates, and incentives and then our regular point of sale or sales margin over the counter. For this first quarter inflation was pretty much neutral. Weve kind of reached the point where were kind of annualizing over last year where it was. Going forward though steel prices are going up and we see that will be coming into our selling prices somewhat in the second quarter but more in the second half of this year. Were watching steel very closely trying to determine how much we should be buying and how long we think this will, if it will continue to go up and right now it appears that it probably will for a while. Theres a lot of Asian demand for steel. On the rebate side we picked up about 120 basis points, March came in 51.1, so 120 basis points improvement quarter to quarter, 35 basis points came from our rebates and that will continue to improve as we go into the year as that inventory makes up more of our, those purchases make up more of our overall inventory. So thats a tailwind that we have going right now and we expect about a 70 basis point improvement for the year so that kind of plays out into the second, third, and fourth quarters. But the most positive thing on the gross margin is what we call our point of sale margin, POS margin, was up 85 basis points for the quarter and thats about transactions at the counter. Thats about passing price increases or just getting better at how we transact our business. And so thats a very positive sign going forward and were very optimistic that well continue to see improvement in our margin.  From an expense standpoint I have to applaud the team. I think most people have done a nice job of controlling the expenses, looking at the little things. The big stuff is easy to find, its the little every day transactions and saving a few dollars here and a few dollars there that really make the difference, especially at year end because we found a lot of the big stuff early.  We were able to grow our business at almost 6.5% and reduce our SG&A at 2.5% so thats really the difference in the growth in our profitability against the difficult margin comparisons. We gave up some on the gross margin but we picked it all back up plus some on the expense.  Our labor was down 4% year over year and thats a positive but the real positive in that is that the bonuses grew substantially. Our district managers, which are the group of people that oversee the stores, theres about 200 of those, of that group, 208 people I believe, their bonuses more than doubled from the fourth quarter. So thats very positive. Were also in a position to start contributing to our 401K match again which formula where we dont contribute unless our pre-tax earnings is greater than 16% and because we have that we were able to contribute $800,000 to our 401K match. So labor was down 4% but bonuses are up and the 401K match is back in place, so the morale should be good and were very, very positive, good sign of what were doing and good sign of the work thats being done in the field.  Another positive was we were able to hold our inventory flat for the quarter, actually reduce it about a million dollars from the fourth quarter. Year over year were done 9% or just over $40 million. Again good work by the team. Were going to see a little pressure as steel prices go up in the second half of the year, but even with that pressure we think that we can manage our inventory without much increase at all throughout the 2010 calendar year. New store openings, we opened 29 stores in the first quarter, about what we had said that were going to be conservative in the first half of the year and then if business trends continue to be strong well open it up in the second half. We see the second quarter with similar store openings, somewhere in that high 20s, maybe low 30s. The quarter will start out very slow, April if any, well have one or two stores. Im not sure. We have a big customer show in Indianapolis this week. We started late with Easter and then we have a big customer event which really takes the time of almost all of our people. So April will be very slow but for the quarter were looking at about, somewhere around the same number as the first quarter, around 30 openings, which were comfortable with.  At that pace, if we kept it all year it would give us 5% openings, but if things pick up wed turn that up a little bit in the second half of the year. We also see that well be doing some hiring in the second half and that will only be in the store locations. We dont foresee any additional support staff, even in distribution.  Were working very, very hard, our distribution people are, to find new and better ways to run their distribution centers, providing a high level of service without adding a lot of additional expense. Theres a lot of motivation out there because these people get paid off the way they manage their expenses and right now theyd like to increase their bonuses and the best way to do that is productivity. Theres no better way in distribution to improve their pay than becoming more productive. So thats a real positive. So in summarizing what we see for the second quarter and going forward into the year, we see improved sales growth. We think our daily numbers will improve throughout the second quarter basically what we had talked about in the first quarter staying right on pattern, the historical pattern.  We see our margin improving again in the second quarter, up from where we ended the first quarter or reported in the first quarter. We see holding our inventory flat for the second quarter and depending on what steel does, we think we can hold it flat for the entire calendar year or very close. We wont see much build in inventory this year because were doing a lot of things to try and become more efficient with the use and still provide very good customer service. Well open, as I said, a similar number of stores and we will be doing some hiring so if you look at your models and you look at where Fastenal is going to be at the end of the second quarter, those are some things that you can consider when youre doing your work.  With that Im going to turn it over to Dan, Dan is going to give you more in depth information on what we saw in the quarter, thank you very much. 
Dan Florness : Thank you Will, and good morning everybody and thank you for participating on our call. As Will touched on, two important factors in the quarter, our sales trends continued to improve and the gross margin percentage improved from what we saw in the fourth quarter.  As Will mentioned our end market information, our manufacturing business is coming back nicely as we expected. Non-residential is going to continue to be a headwind for us as we go through 2010, at least we believe it is.  On page two of the release we talk about some of the mechanical pieces of the business, the growth of stores over a certain age. Very pleased to see the progress we made in the March month especially as it relates to our five-plus year old stores. Those stores historically are much more economically sensitive because of the market share they have in their local market and that group of stores grew 7.5% in April and we hadnt seen growth out of that group of stores since late in 2008. So it was nice to see that group on the positive side of the ledger again. And because of the sales volume of that group, they meaningfully moved our two-plus year old stores, so our same store comps which were positive in each month of the first quarter moved almost 10% growth in the month of March.  The sales trends, the stairway analogy we started talking about last year as we were really looking at, sometimes the year over year numbers become a little bit confusing when youre in a period of dramatic change in our top line and so sometimes looking at from the standpoint of where am I today, where will I be tomorrow, and the next day and the next day, is a better frame of reference.  On the January call we talked a lot about the sales trends and when you lay out where we were at the end of the year, we really felt that based on historical pattern that we laid out that our growth in March, our daily average growth would be somewhere in the 11%, 11.5% neighborhood.  The Holo-Krome acquisition added about 60 basis points to that number and essentially got us to the 12.1% where were at. We slightly beat the trends that we laid out starting in January. If you follow that progression, and in the press release they also introduced not only the mechanical view of the plus percent or minus percent month to month, but a graph that starts it out and you can see on that that our 2010 to date numbers are trending very closely to that past pattern that weve talked about.  We believe our sales growth will based on that trend, will hit the high watermark as were going through the second quarter and into July and then as history would say, our daily average number we believe will peak out in the September/October timeframe which will set us up then for 2011. But very pleased thus far with the trends in the pattern relative to the historical pattern and as Will mentioned, if construction were helping us out at all, wed be in a position to be beating that trend line and beating it nicely.  The pathway to profit, Im happy to say were back on the path and tried to incorporate a few more details of headcount numbers and store locations so you can get a good view from our business. In first quarter of 2007 the quarter immediately before we started the pathway to profit in April of 2007 and where we are today, if you look at some of the pieces since Q1 of 2007, our store count is up about 15.5%. Our store FTE headcount is up about 10% and our remaining FTE including distribution, manufacturing, and support, is down about 7% and that plays into what we had talked about when we started the pathway to profit, that it was really a top line growth model that we believe would allow us to leverage our infrastructure, leverage our support cost, and drive our operating margin up over time as our average store size grew.  In 2009, it put quite a damper into our ability to grow our average store size, in fact it contracted in 2009, but the pathway to profit and what we laid out in 2007 we feel is committed to and as strongly about today as we did then, with the benefit of a few, now three years of history under the pathway.  Gross profit margin as Will mentioned we improved 120 basis points from where we were in Q4 of 2009, largely by our transactional margin, our point of sale margin improvement and in a piece also from vendor volume allowances, rebate programs, etc.  As Will mentioned we anticipate that portion continuing to improve mechanically whereas the transactional margin we believe will continue to improve because of execution and I believe weve positioned ourselves well as we go into Q2 and Q3 to continue to improve that because we still are about 180 basis points below where we were first quarter of 2009 and we want that back.  Looking at the operating and administrative expenses, did I believe a nice job with that. The total payroll costs as Will mentioned, down from a year ago despite the fact that our bonus payouts were nicely increased from what we saw in most of 2009 as well as the 401K contribution. Occupancy improved year over year, thats one we still need some work on.  We still need work on the base front side of it, improvement was largely centered on the fact that our store personnel and our district personnel did a nice job of getting green and when I talk about getting green, Im talking about the money kind of green and the fact that theyre just being smarter with how we manage our heating and cooling costs. Theyre being smarter with how we manage that when were not at the locations and we lowered our utility costs year over year despite the fact that fuel prices are moving upward and so I believe thats something thats a sustainable item. Weve done nice progress on lowering our base rents but we still need to push hard on that because our goal under the pathway to profit was to lower over time as our average store size grew, our occupancy cost as a percentage of sales from just over 600, 650 basis points down to about 400 basis points as our average store size grows. And so we still have some work to do there but we have made nice progress over the last 12 months. Working capital again came in very much in line with what we were thinking. The accounts receivable on a year over year basis grew actually nominally better than our sales growth so we obtained a little improvement in our days out and our inventory we continued to manage that very closely and will anticipate that, as Will mentioned, continuing through the balance of the year.  Because of the improvement in earnings and the working capital management, did a nice job with our operating cash flow. We produced 141% of sales in operating cash. If you take out our capital expenditures we produced 128% of earnings in free cash flow, operating cash minus capital expenditures.  With that I will turn it back over for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Manthey - Robert W. Baird
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Really strong contribution margin in the quarter, come up about 38%, how should we think about that going forward both in the near-term and the longer-term as you start to open stores and you get hiring again. 
Dan Florness : I look at that for the balance of the year and I consider that a number that well continue to produce actually above that level because of, as we get into the later part of the year, the dynamics change quite dramatically on the gross profit side.  And the fact that the top line growth on a year over year basis we believe will continue to improve and those two pieces combined with the position were in right now from the standpoint of operating expenses, were in a very good spot to manage from I believe puts us in a great position for incremental margin. 
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: And then a quick follow-up, could you talk about the impact of pricing on sales in March and kind of how that progressed through the first quarter and just how we should think about that going forward. 
Will Oberton : We look at inflation as about neutral. We havent increased our prices really in the last year. A few here and there but overall we have not done a price increase. Going forward in the second quarter we may see some, later in the year will probably play out to more price increases really due to whats going on with steel. But as our fastener business, a high percentage of that is imported so its a slower process that takes us eight to 12 weeks to bring it into inventory. Its slow turning inventory so if you looked at the entire year, the first half very little inflation, and the second half well probably see some positive price increases and historically weve done a good job, or been able to pass that through to the customer in the last couple of times when its gone up so were comfortable we can do that again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta  William Blair 
Jeff Germanotta  William Blair : Congratulations on a great quarter gentlemen, a few questions, the first one April sales trends, can you talk about what kind of start were off to in April. 
Will Oberton : I think were going to stay away from April but were still comfortable that we can stay on our pattern. April is early is tough to read because Easter came early. Its kind of goofed up but were very confident that nothing has changed since the first quarter. 
Jeff Germanotta  William Blair : Then the inventory, Im curious to explore your statement that you hopefully wont grow inventory dollars a lot this year because I would guess that your sales growth for the year would be somewhere in 10 to, at the conservative to a 15% range at the high, how do you not grow inventory in that environment. 
Dan Florness : Like selling more than you buy. 
Will Oberton : Youve been the one whos pointed this out to me so painfully, no, our trend over the last eight to nine years has been that weve gotten less efficient with our inventory over a long period of time and Dan and I have spent a lot of time with a lot of our leaders talking this through and looking for opportunities and we believe that we can make better use of the inventory we have. Even if we grow the entire year, or spend the entire year without adding inventory, were still not at a real hot spot for inventory turns historically speaking.  And so were going to work very hard and were not going to do it by lowering service to our customers, were going to look at all of our inventories, see what we could reduce and how we can just become more efficient. 
Dan Florness : Ill just add to that, if you really look across all of our stores, there still is, if you think about the massive changes weve made to our distribution model over the last three, four years, with the expansion of Indianapolis, the automation of Indianapolis, the improvement of our trucking lanes and our trucking routes in general, theres still a fair amount of what I would call redundant inventory scattered across our stores that we have good distribution support on now. And the transaction frequency is low enough and its an inventory item that isnt a problem-solver. The one thing were always very cautious of or very conscious of when were looking at what we want in our stores, is the inventory that at the end of the day solves problems for customers because thats the stuff you need right then and there.  And having a base of inventory in the store that would service, that would get the customer started if they needed it right now, so maybe they need 2,000 of something, we have 800 in the store but we can get the 1,200 in by 6:30 tomorrow morning off the distribution center. Were being very conscious of balancing that over time. Because the inventory reduction of 2009 really what we did is we eliminated the inventory growth that occurred in 2008 when the economy shut off. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: There was something you could maybe expand a bit on the 85 bps improvement in point of sale pricing, maybe as the reference point being how much of that do you think is relief from kind of the competitive pressure that had existed this past year and how much of that may have been specific company initiatives or focus and then maybe if its the latter, could you maybe expand upon a couple of those initiatives.
Will Oberton : Well you know its almost impossible to measure the relief from competitive pressure because were doing thousands of transactions in thousands of locations. But anecdotally you listen to people, you talk to people, and theres not as much crazy price, were not hearing the stories that we heard a year ago about this guys giving it away or these prices are ridiculous.  That has toned down a lot so theres something to that but its like I said, almost impossible to measure. The initiatives have been about, weve done a much better job of dissecting our business and thinking at the transactional level, not looking at a district with 10 stores, and saying, hey your margin is up a point or down a point.  Were breaking it down to the transaction and saying, why did we do, discount at this level for this type of customer. And about nine months ago Dan tapped a couple of young guys that worked for us for several years, two bright guys, and said, would you like to work for me and do nothing but break this data down and tell us where were doing a good job and where we arent. And as you can guess weve discovered a lot of areas, and were very decentralized, you have to understand that our people make prices in the field, some are really good at it, and some arent. And so part of this improvement is coming from their hard work just identifying opportunities, identifying prices, or stores, that are selling the same product to the same type of customer for five or ten or 15 points less.  And thats where a lot of the improvement is coming from. So its the combination of a little less pressure from the guy next door, or the competitor, and more good information to drive our middle managers, our district managers, to make better decisions, or train better decision making. 
Dan Florness : One thing to keep in mind when you look at 2009 and the margin decrease, there was some over lying mechanical things going on, with the rebates, the vendor allowances we talked about but when you really look under the hood a lot of our decline did come from 2,300 stores. It came from about 40% of those stores. 
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Just one more if I might and I think you talked about some numbers in terms of the impact of gross margin percentage on SG&A and comp, if you could just talk about this 120 bps impact and how much of that might have moved SG&A up in terms of dollars in the quarter. 
Dan Florness : If you look at it, the gross margin improvement, probably 25% of our store labor cost increase, gets a little difficult to measure sometimes because weve also flipped from contraction to growth and theres a growth component too but the gross margin is the biggest driver. 
Will Oberton : Historically when we look at, if we add a dollar of gross margin, by the time everybody thats paid on that gets paid from our product development to the district to the store, we pay out about 25% of any incremental growth in gross margin in some kind of compensation and so of the 120 basis points we probably paid out roughly 30 bps of that out in increased commissions or bonuses to different people. Because its all about the hierarchy of how the bonuses get paid and this is a great problem to have when it goes up because its great for employees. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: It looks like youve done a really good job of containing the losses across the new stores over the last couple of quarters, could you talk about whats unfolding there and then on the flipside, youre largest and oldest stores, the margin contracted a bit relative to a year ago levels, can you talk about whats happening there. 
Will Oberton : On the small stores, it was really an initiative. With pathway to profit we had put in more investment in some of these small stores, extra trucks, extra people and in the downturn we didnt seem to be getting much benefit so in July of last year I went to some of my director parts, Dan included, and we divided up the regions, we each took two or three of them, and just started working with the regionals on the identifying opportunities in these small stores.  Kind of a game, not in a, it was fun because we had a project, not a game and we really focused on, as you can see we reduced our losses from basically by about 10 percentage points. So we did a really nice job there and we think thats sustainable and actually we think well improve from there because the first quarter is a little difficult because you have your higher occupancy and lower revenue.  So what it really was, was purely attention. On the larger stores it was reduction in gross margin. If you look at our growth, a lot of its coming from manufacturing, a lot of the manufacturing is large customers that typically run at a slightly lower margin and a lot of that business runs through those bigger stores. So the bigger stores have given up some margin but when you can report 25%, 26% operating profit Im not as concerned if I give up a half or a point of gross margin when you can still get those kinds of returns. As Bob Kierlin, our founder has always beat into my head for 30 years, Will its not about the gross margins, its about where it comes out on the return.  Or even the pre-tax, its about what we get on return on that business and those businesses are highly profitable and great businesses to own. 
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: And then just a follow-up, you need to report what your strategic account or the large account growth was, can you talk about what that was in the quarter. 
Will Oberton : Were waiting on that information but from what are the preliminary numbers that Ive seen, theyre actually tracking slightly ahead of the company and the reason for that is, is that a lot of that is driven by manufacturing. And so theyre ahead, were trying to sort out and see as far as the construction and the manufacturing business, they are running ahead of the company numbers, but I dont have the exact number today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Great quarter, I was just wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit about what we talked about previously, the opportunities that you see for picking up government business both on the federal and the state levels. 
Will Oberton : We think theres a tremendous opportunity not only federal and state but also the local level, the schools, all the cities and things like that, theres a tremendous amount of spend there and weve openly admitted that we were behind in that to some of our competitors.  So what weve done is weve restructured that internally, we tapped one of our regional vice presidents that actually has a, he was the guy that got us into it 10 or 15 years ago, as a district manager, he opened our first government store, that was John Soderberg, he was running our Seattle region.  Hes going to be moving back to Winona, hes already taken the role, will be moving back to Winona, and really increasing our efforts, increasing our sales force. What weve determined is that we need specialists to really, especially the state level more than anything, to get involved in those and understand the pricing, understand the programs.  And so were going to renew our efforts, were going to work hard, but the opportunity is tremendous when you look at the percentage of the GDP thats controlled by some type of government spending. Were just not getting our share at this point but we believe were really well positioned to do that because we have the model where we can ship direct from a warehouse if thats what the customer or the state wants, or we can ship from a local store and a lot of the smaller entities really prefer the local service. So we have kind of a one-two punch that some of our competitors dont have. 
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: And then just a follow-up if I may, youve done a nice job of building up your cash balance and I noticed you didnt use any available cash for any of your stock repurchase, I was wondering if you could maybe provide some of your thinking on uses of cash going through the year. 
Dan Florness : The cash has continued to build nicely both within cash and marketable securities, historically weve done limited buybacks, weve been doing a little bit more of that the last three, four years, have increased our dividend in a meaningful fashion. We did a supplemental dividend back in 2008 when the economy first slowed down. As I look out to 2010 and we will continue to look at that from the standpoint of do we increase that dividend because our ability to generate both operating cash and free cash is quite substantial and weve only improved that over that last couple of years.  But outside of as you know historically our MO has not been one of being [inaudible], and so the excess cash we accumulate over time that we dont need in the business to fund working capital, historically weve returned to our shareholders. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James : Congratulations on the good results here, my first question I was hoping you could expand a little on the non-res construction side of the business, I understand obviously thats going to be a lagging factor as we go through the year, but if the declines there are moderating and the comparisons later in the year get easy enough where it kind of implies you could see that business flat by the time we get to Q3 on a year over year basis, am I looking at that correctly. 
Will Oberton : We probably wont see it flat by Q3 because we had some very big projects that were driving that in the second half of last year, mainly energy, some Bechtel jobs that were selling heavily into. We can see it flattening out but our concern is there are a lot of starts and theres a lot of concern in the commercial real estate business which is really the start of our commercial development. Where we do see some positives, theres a lot of talk about energy, theres still a lot of money with a little higher oil prices, theres a lot of money going into refineries and things like that. But you really get the bump that we need from construction, we need small to medium jobs starting up in communities like Winona and all over the country. The only construction that were seeing outside of big energy right now is either healthcare or government. We see hospitals and clinics getting built and thats very good business for us. We see government like here in Winona, theres a big new health complex at the university getting built which is good for us, but were not seeing the Targets and the Wal-Marts and all these other strip malls that were being built a few years ago.  So it may flatten out, my comments were more based on its just, we dont see a lot of rebound where were going to be growing that business at 20%, 30% in the next two to three quarters, or 10% to 20%.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James : And then my follow-up is on the other side of the business, from your manufacturing customers, wondering if youre seeing any restocking at this point, and whether or not you expect that to happen over the next three to six months.  
Will Oberton : I have not heard much about restocking. Ive talk to a lot of companies, my thought right now or the gut feeling that I have is that theres not going to be a lot of restocking soon because theres still uncertainty in our economy. Most of the people I talk to are going to be very slow to rehire people unless its for production, thats what theyre telling me. Were not going to add a lot of support and theyre not going to spend any money they dont have to.  And I think I said this in the third quarter conference call, it was one of the earlier ones, I dont foresee a lot of restocking at any point because people learn that they can live with less and thats actually very good for our business if they dont restock because if you have local inventory, like a Fastenal store, and you can depend on that then you don't need inventory. The less they have the more our value proposition plays well for us and plays well for them. But I really would be surprised to see a lot of manufacturers coming back and putting in big inventories of things that they maybe could live without at this point.  The one thing we are seeing a nice improvement on is a lot more interest in our vending systems because we can control spend and they know exactly what they have but Im very bullish on vending, its a very small part of our business but it just makes complete sense to me where you put a small store, essentially a store of 10 or 20 or 100 items, into a plant, a warehouse, a site, and then they have complete control and it reduces what they need. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Just one question, given the ramp up in the demand environment youre seeing and you talked about stocking inventory at the DC during the quarter but you also mentioned inventory levels are likely going to stay flat from here depending on what you see with steel, do you still expect working capital to be a source of cash this year, how should we think about that.
Dan Florness :  Working capital will be a little bit of a drain because of accounts receivable as we go through the year, because you saw that even in the first quarter, we consumed some cash to fund our receivables and that will continue as our seasonality of our business ramps up into second and third quarters. But outside of the accounts receivable standpoint we should be in a good position with our working capital and its ability to throw off cash. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Dan Florness : Again thank you everybody for participating on our call this morning. Hope you find this call combined with our release informative in understanding the Fastenal business. Have a good day. 
Will Oberton : Thanks for your support. Good-bye.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Darin Pellegrino - Controller Will Oberton - Chief Executive Officer Dan Florness - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Holden Lewis - BB&T Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fastenal Company fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 earnings results conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Darin Pellegrino. Please go ahead, sir.
Darin Pellegrino: Good morning and welcome to Fastenal Companys 2009 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Todays conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of todays call is permitted without Fastenals consent. This call is also being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenals Investor Relations home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of this webcast will be available on this website until March 1, 2010, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder todays conference call includes statements regarding the companys anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements maybe often are identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the companys actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is contained in the companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as theres no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made of todays date only and we undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead Will.
Will Oberton: Thanks Darin. Thanks everyone for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2009 conference call. Start right out with the sales. Sales for the quarter were pretty much on plan. We had a very good November, it was a little weaker in December, but you average it out, and look at the numbers from where we thought we would be starting the quarter. We really came right on plan and we stayed on our sequential trend pattern that we really started back in July. So were pretty optimistic about numbers. Looking at our January numbers month-to-date at this point it appears when we report numbers in January, we will report a positive number, not a lot of growth, but right now it appears that we will have growth and any amount would be a real positive for our team here at Fastenal. Jumping to the margin, we are a little disappointed with the margin where it came in at 49.9. Not really surprised because we did make a decision on the rebates to pullback. We understand where we are with that and that will be coming back in the first quarter, or starting to come back in the first quarter in throughout 2010. Theres really three pieces to margin. The first one as I mentioned the rebates understood what happened there we just made a conscious decision to reduce our purchasing, and just basically work towards 2010 and growth in 2010. Were comfortable that will come back. Second one that hit was in 2010 was the deflation in the steel products, primarily the Fastenal products. We have seen the steel price is pretty much flat and down in summer and theyve actually started rising through the last four months of the year. We anticipate continue in a little bit of inflation in steel is really hard to tell it has a lot to do with what happens with the economy and the world or mainly China right now, but right now were anticipating some inflation in steel and inflation or pricing as a year ago, but that wont kick in until probably the second or third quarter as the product sells through, but thats a positive for our margin. In the third part of our margin is the POS, what the customers or what the stores use to charge and price their customers, that bottomed out in August we have seen positive trends in the POS margin every month since August were very optimistic. When you look at the margin, rebates, deflation, positive in POS positive, were still very optimistic well see improvement in each of the next three quarters. From an expense standpoint, I think we did a really nice job. Our expenses were down 13.2%, in that somewhat of a kick in the health insurance. Our health insurance jumped and the problem with health insurance expense, its one of the expenses you cant manage short term. You set a program up for your employees and we set up a good reprogram for our employees and then you basically just wait for the claims to come in or the experience rating in the claims. In the last half of the year, we saw our claims go up, but we have also been reading that there are other companies seeing the same thing. Were not sure if its people rushing to get things done before changes in health insurance were analyzing it as we speak and helpfully will better information, but we dont foresee this problem going forward into the new year, so were very confident we can lower that a little bit as we go into the New Year, but otherwise our expenses, I think our team did a very good job managing at the point they are. Earnings, a little disappointing, we came off one point, 1.0%, but thats completely explain by the health insurance, thats almost dollar for dollar there. A couple of other areas I want to touch on accounts receivable down 12.6% right where sales were. Thats one area and I said that in the last conference call, that I was worried going into the year with bankruptcies up and everything going on in the economy, but we did a nice job actually hanging on to our number, holding the days out flat to down a little bit in a difficult time and then the other one is inventory. Our inventory is down 10% from the beginning of the year. If you take out the acquisition that we made in December, wed actually be down almost exactly where sales were, so we did bring some inventory in with that acquisition and so they did a nice job on inventory. So overall thats good. So when I step back and I look at where we are as a company, starting out the New Year, starting out a new decade, how do I feel about our positioning. I feel very good about sales. Were going to start out with a positive trend and the comps get a little easier as we go on, so Im very comfortable that were going to have good sales trends, not only year-over-year, but also sequentially. Our margin is lower than we want it to be, but we understand the pieces, and theres a lot of positive in that. Our headcount is right inline, if you look at where our FTE came in were basically from a relative related to sales, were almost where we started the year out, so were positioned very well. The expense structure, the accounts receivable and the inventory are all in great shape. So when we look at the business, I say, what do we need to work on? We need to work on margin. We need to continue to work hard on growth and we need to make sure the other things that I just mentioned stay inline. So, I think we near a very good position to move forward as a company and get back on to our strategic plan of pathway to profit, thats why Im looking at the year, thats why Im communicating to our people internally and that should be in a good position. With that, Im going to turn it over to Dan. Dan has more information and I kept my brief today. Thank you.
Dan Florness:  Thanks, Will and thanks also to the shareholders on the call. Im going to touch on a few items highlighted in our earnings release and then will turn over to Q-and-A after that. One item I want to tough is centered on page one discussion, about our end market, end full. As we talked about our last call in the May timeframe, our manufacturing business appears to bottomed out and it has been improving sequentially every month since May, except for July and December, which we would expect a little bit of a drop off because of the holiday impact, but generally speaking the business has been improving mode since bottoming out in the May 2009 timeframe, manufacturing as you recall represents almost 50% of our sales. On the construction piece, which is decide 25% of our sales that business has continued to weaken as we go through the year. Fortunately the manufacturing has been able to overshadow it through the second half of 2009. If I look at the remaining components of our end market, and I called them out individually on our press release this quarter, generally speaking those trends are all positive as we look through the second half of 2009 and I believe will remain positive as we go in to 2010. A new piece that I added to the release this quarter, and hopefully for those of you who have had a chance to read it, it created more answers, a better understanding of our business, rather than a bunch of questions, but Ill try to elaborate on what Im really trying why Im highlighting these point. It really starts from the bottom of page one and continues on to page two, and what I laid out on page two is something that I have been looking at the entire year, as I try to understand really what was happening as we were going along through the year, because historically, when we talk internally at Fastenal, we always talk about kind of where we are in September, October timeframe, because the daily average in October, really sets us up in our mind for how the New Year is going to start, because historically, our daily average has been at or slightly positive to in January to the previous October, So internally, we are setting our goals once we have the October numbers, because we really think we have the benchmark identified. And as you can see in the table I laid out, in 1998 to 2003 and I choose this timeframe is a benchmark, because I believe its a timeframe and extended period was an industrial recessionary environment and provides a good basis for comparison and in that timeframe we would see January was again slightly positive in the previous October and then we would start claiming stair way in the New Year. What you saw in 2009 is our January number wasnt inline with the previous October. It dropped about 18.5% and what you saw was our sales when from positive to contraction in that timeframe as well. In February, March and April timeframe the erosion continue that a pretty steep clip and we were missing that sequential pattern that we enjoyed historically.  And then was the April timeframe things really started to change in our business in that while the sequential growth wasnt as strong as we would like, it was starting to get closure to that historical pattern and really since July we have been in position what we have been consistently beating the historical trend and are slowly claiming out of the hole that the economy put us in, if you will, during the first part of this year. I think its important trend to understand, because it really serves to guide us as we look into the New Year and being a Midwesterner and an accountant makes me a truly conservative person and so for me to come out and say something positive into the future is a pretty rare event, but when I look at the trends, as of last October, the trends would tell me and again, Im looking in to 2010, based on where we are in October and Im doing it based on these trend lines that I have laid out in our press release. If I were to just plunk it down on a spreadsheet and say, okay if were 9/10 of a percent ahead of October. In January 2010, I would expect us to see positive growth and it would quantify to about 0.5% of positive growth and as Will mentioned earlier, we believe in the month of January well see positive growth. So again we tend to be on that pattern which we really started on last July where our sequential numbers not only make sense but are making us more positive in our outlook to our future look in our business. If I were to extend this out and look into 2010 and again, Im merely taking the trend line based on our history, extending in to the future, I dont know our visibility into the future is extremely limited due to the nature of our business, but I can look at history as a guide post. It would tell me, when we get in to the March, April timeframe. We are looking at double digit sales growth and if I were to truly anniversary the numbers, because of easing comps, as we get in deeper to the year. When I look at out to July, if we were able to follow this past trend line, our sales growth in July, would just tip over would just eclipse 20%, 20.3%. I dont honestly know if this will happen when I look at 2010, but it does makes me optimistic and bullish when I look at the years as far as our ability to continue to grow out of the pattern to grow out of the place we have been in when I look at 2009 and I believe for the year, this would provide us the ability to see growth that gets into the teens and only time will tell if these trends prove to be a good guide post to our future, or if they just prove to be just wrong, but I believe it gives us a positive bias as we enter the New Year. Will touched on earlier our active account growth and there is something that I think is important also to understand when we you look at our active accounts. Our active account growth was weaker in 2009 than we would like to see. Historically, we like to see our active account growth in the low double digits. So in that 11%, 12%, maybe 13% neighborhood and this year we have been in the single digits, but when I look at the data from history and I look at, what we would expect for frequency of account base. One thing I do see thats very distinct in our 2009 numbers is our frequency of existing customers. In other words, what percentages of our customers buy in any given month, because we have some customers that buy daily or weekly? We have some customers that buy monthly. We have some customers that might buy sporadically, maybe they are buying every second, every third month. We measure a lot of those statistics internally and provide that information to our store personnel, but when I look at the frequency factor of our customers, I see that in 2009, our frequency is off about 7%, so that dampens our active account number by about 7%, and, really serves to diminish what I believe is our true active account growth when I look at 2009, and again, what that does, it provides one more component to what gives me confidence when I look at our 2010 top line numbers. Will touched earlier on gross margin, and I would echo his comment was tough for us to report 49.9% gross margin, because it was a barrier we really did not want to cross. Thats the negative news. The positive news is this, when you look at the decline, it was really when we looked at where we thought our vendor allowance and rebate programs would come in earlier in the year, they did come in weaker than we expected and track a little bit from the fourth quarter, when I look at gross margin, I really think of it in three distinct components. One is structural, what is going on in the environment, internal and external, but primarily external that influences our number. The second one would be freight side, and the third would be just our transactional activity, in other words whats happening at the point of sale level, what is happening from an importing level, or a direct purchase level.  On the structural side, I see two things that are generally speaking have a positive by as going in to 2010 versus 2009, one would be the vendor allowance program which tend to be linked to the calendar year, so the program reset, and starting in January, I would expect the rebate were earning would improve relative to where it was in 2009, that wont necessarily flow in to the P&L in the first quarter, because that better purchasing activity will be sitting in ending inventory at the end of the first quarter. I would expect us to start seeing that improvement in the second quarter, and thats one of the components to improvement in gross margin when I look at 2010. The second is what the point Will touched on in the last several months of the Europe, about the last four months, we have seen some inflationary trends, and having a slight inflation trend versus a marked deflation trend has a significant impact on our gross margin, because of the nature of how fact our inventory turns. The second category I talked about on freight when I look at where we are at the start of 2010 versus 2009 and 2008 and Ill go back two years. I believe the momentum we had in both of those previous two years we have still today and we continue to identify opportunities to improve our freight margin and so I see that is the positive by as going to New Year. The final piece the transactional; as Will mentioned that the margin we measure at our point to sale level, that margin bottomed out August 09 and we have been above that number since and we believe our day to day activities, our transactional activities weve been improve the pattern and since that low point in August. That the second component of our transactional is really our direct sourcing margin that we measure and that really is the fact that were able to source in volume and that had a negative bias to it in 2009 because of deflation, and again, I believe will have a positive bias to it in 2010 if the inflation patterns that we have seen in the last four months continue. Finally on the next couple of points, on cash flow. As you see in our cash flow statement, our cash flow for the year looks quite strong. The big drivers of the cash flow were the changes in working capital and accounts receivable and inventory that Will alluded to earlier, as a percentage of earnings, for every dollar of earnings we threw off $1.66 of operating cash. Last year that number was $0.93 on the dollar. Our long term number that we really laid out when we started to past way to profit, we feel we could be in a position to be at or slightly exceed $0.85 on the dollar. So, we feel very good about our performance on that in the last several years, since that profit started. When I look at free cash flow again, a very strong number, our capital expenditures came in quite a bit less than they were a year ago, as we expected. As I mentioned in the conference call, I would expect the capital expenditures to drop again in 2010, because we are complete with our projects in Denton, Texas, and Indianapolis, Indiana and now are in a position to reap the benefit of that hard work over the last several years. What this did is provided funding for two items that we did in the current year. As in prior years, we were able to increase our regular dividend and our buyback, we did a buyback of some stock late in the year, we bought back about $41 million worth at $37 a share, so feel good about that at this point in time, and well continue to look at buybacks in the future, and well see how that plays out. Finally, just to touch on a few things on the working capital identified on page nine of the release. As Will mentioned, accounts receivable we were down 12.5% inline with our sales, actually slightly better than our sales pattern and really what we did is identify a structural improvement and that structural improvement is, we have a lot of customers, and a lot of customers that buy relatively small amount and what happens, a lot of times with billing processes, is a lot of stuff gets caught in the chatter, and invoices. Generally speaking our customers are really fair with us on paying their bills, and what happens is the stuff that usually falls through the cracks, that stuff is inadvertent and we made some structural changes to our billing in 2010. I think there was a great job of automating a lot of process, emailing more invoices, faxing more invoices, and we just improved the structural collection patterns in our business. Despite the fact that we had some negatives from the standpoint of some customer bankruptcies during the year, that continue to hangover a little bit from the standpoint of increasing our days out, but the other stuff more than offset it. On the inventory, as Will mentioned, were pleased with what we were able to accomplish in the year and its really an effort of everybody being on the same page and working to be smart about when were buying and constantly rebalancing our inventory, and really thinking about the components and challenging everybody, so very pleased with the team and what they were able to accomplish in 2009. One last item Ill touch on and then turn it over to the Q-and-A and that is as we disclosed we did a small acquisition late in the year. We acquired a business called Holo-Krome, we are very excited about this acquisition we think it fits in really well with our business, and quite frankly with our customers needs and we look forward to that business being a contributed to us in the future and we welcome the 92 employees in West Hartford, Connecticut to the Fastenal family. With that Ill turn it back over to the moderator for the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Manthey - Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Can you give us your thoughts on pathway to profit, do you have a new target for when you believe you can achieve the 23% EBIT margin, and then as you talking about growing stores 7% to 10%, is that should we expect that number for the full year or you expecting to hit that pace in the second half of this year?
Will Oberton: Ill hit the second question first. We expect to hit that pace in the second half of the year, assuming we stay on our trends that Dan talked about. So, were going to start the year conservatively building back towards the pathway plan, with our plan for the goal of being on pace sometime in the second half of the year. As far as the pathway to profit, it gets pushed back between 18 and 24 months and what we base that on is the growth we had in 2008 we gave back in 2009, so were really starting over again, so right now were looking at 2015. Go ahead, Dan has a comment.
Dan Florness: One item I would add on to that, one of the things thats, influencing our thought process here, Dave, is when you look at the pathway to profit, it really is about overtime increasing the average store size, and letting the inherent profitability of Fastenal business model shine through, earlier in the call, I went through what I believe the trends could mean for our business in 2010 and trust me it was awkward for me to go out on that ledge, because I dont normally talk about that that openly. Even when I look out to the summer and I look at, what I believe will be a good year for Fastenal and our ability to move back in to the pathway to profit mode, our sales in the summer will still be down 7% or 8%, and thats, if those trend lines play out from where they were in 2008 and for us to get back on the pathway to profit, we need to get the top line moving.
Will Oberton: Our projection for fourth quarter would put us right at fourth quarter of 2008. Those are the two years we gave up. One thing and I didnt mention earlier, when you look at the pathway to profit, we have learned a lot of things in this slowdown about our expense structure about what we really need and what we dont believe, that will improve, I believe, our chances of hitting our goals to pathway to profit, because were just smarter about controlling expenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: You highlighted your high level view of how sales could shake out in 2010, some teens level in terms of growth, how should we think about operating expenses coming back on that level of sales growth, given the business is more variable in terms of costs instead of fixed previously?
Dan Florness: If you look at it, the real component thats going to increase and I believe will increase, similar to our sales growth would be the payroll component and the real thing that drives that is if I look at 2009 versus 2008, what changed our commissions that went to our sales personnel fell off quite dramatically, because our sales fell off quite dramatically and that drop off was leveraged beat from the fact that our gross margin fell off, so it was kind of a double whammy. The second piece, most of our employees in the company are paid on some type of bonus compensation and its really linked to our ability overtime to continually grow our earnings, and grow our return and so our compensation, our incentive compensation was off dramatically from what was year ago. In the third piece, and quite frankly a smaller piece of the three Im talking about, in 2008 and really, 2006, 2007, 2008, nice increases to the amount of dollars that we contributed to our employees retirement plan, 401(k), and its a set formula that we do and its based on a level of profitability. We did not achieve that profitability in 2009, that target profitability, therefore, the payout on that was essentially eliminated and so when you look at 2010, that component of our cost structure will act in a very variable fashion. The other components of our cost structure want the fact that our sales growth, whether it strengthens or weakens, doesnt influence things like occupancy. What influence these things like occupancy are, how many stores we open, what types of stores we open, what we agree to for rent and how do we manage that in the future for other expenses.
Will Oberton: I think Adam the way Im looking at it is that the sales growth for the expenses will probably grow as sales. The real earnings leverage will come from the margin improvement and thats where the real opportunity for 2010 earnings growth comes from, improving the margin as we grow the sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Holden Lewis - BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T:  Can you talk about I guess about a couple elements of the gross margin. First, you talked about rebates and things like that, and theres various cost that kind of spread through there over the course the year and they require some true ups. Were there any significant true ups in Q4 that might have been sort of a onetime drag on the gross margin and then can you also comment, you went through the details pretty specifically about what was in there? What about the change in the compensation instructed, do you feel like maybe that is having an adverse effect on sort of gross margin trends?
Will Oberton: Ill take the second question. I really dont think the change in compensation has made much affect on I mean, could there be some, yes, but we have broken it down and looked at where the lost margin dollars, what customers we lost them from, and it just doesnt play in that the compensation change has made much of a difference, because it isnt across the board. Some stores are doing better than others and so what were really looking at is that there is just a lot of market pressure out there on the POS side and some of our stores gave back more than others.
Dan Florness: On the first half of your question, Holden, about, components that, true ups and anything during that quarter that really influenced bringing that number down, there werent any.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Just sort of on the follow up, in the past, your gross margin has always been sort of 50% to 52% in the recent past with the exception being a year where you were getting pretty significant pricing. Can you comment just sort of about what you are thinking about the future range? Are you kind of thinking that 50% to 52% remains what you would expect to see over the course of a cycle because that is what you have done or is your visibility on pricing so significant at this point that you would expect to be able do better than that or operationally better just a little bit of perspective and where you have been and where you see that going?
Will Oberton: I think we can do operationally better going forward. I would say its more of a range of 51% to 53% and we should stay to the high end of that range and a lot of that has to do with our sourcing. We just continue to find better sourcing for a lot of product and we should be able to retain most of that within the company and not have to pass it along to the customers. The customer mix hasnt changed a lot, the market hasnt changed dramatically, so if were able to buy better, we should be able to retain that and stay, really, within the 52 plus, but in certain times it could drop below that. In 2009 was so unusual with the rebates incentives, because we just never planned and I ran that for a long time, that was my job running operations. I never planned for a down year, and we didnt build into our programs, we kind of gambled for the high side and it worked out well and last year it hit us hard.
Dan Florness: It works out 40 years, and doesnt look one you look at it and say, I think my asked are better than 40.
Will Oberton: I have told our people that because may we should plan, lets not plan for our right now, lets plan for growth going forward and Ill take it when I can get it. Its better overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Just following up on some of the earlier question about the SG&A outlook for 2010, theres some comments in the release about payroll being 60% to 65% of SG&A in 2009. Wondered if maybe at that kind of mid teens, top line growth rate next year, what sort of target do you think weve see for 2010?
Dan Florness: I think you would get a little bit leverage on it, but, it would be in just shy mid teens.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Mid-teens increase Dan, just to clarify?
Dan Florness: Yes, it will increase, I guarantee that, yes, Sorry.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Just again, if Im looking at 60% to 65% of overall operating costs in 2009 and I think it was 65% in 2008, can it creep back to that 65% number it was in 2008?
Dan Florness: Yes.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  One, I guess somewhat related question, just again, revisiting the pathway to profit, you have given a good outline of what you are expecting in terms of branch opening strategy for the year, but I want to say back in 2007, 2008, you added about 1,000 additional sales people as part of pathway to profit in those years, any kind of sense what the plans for might be for sales force additions in 2010 over and above the branch openings?
Will Oberton: What we planned to do our plan today as far headcount additions at the store level, as theyll probably be close to what our sales growth is lagging a little bit. What you have to understand is we have about a 1,000 stores now, unfortunately many that are 50,000 and below. Those stores we dont have to add much too, because theyre properly staffed to create growth at least 10% to 20% higher than they are. Its the larger stores when they start growing, were going to have start adding staff to not only grow the business, but also support the business coming in. Most of the headcount reduction that we saw in 2009 at the store level came out of part time heads
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: FTE in general.
Will Oberton: Right, FTE in general came out of part time hours and part time heads, so were really pretty well staffed with the sales and full time people, it will be adding part time hours and part time people to support the revenue.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Jut to clarify on that, the premise it goes along with the same thinking as with the branch openings, as youre still waiting on an inflection point in the economy to push forward a lot more aggressively with the sales as well; is that correct?
Will Oberton: Theres pieces to it. We believe weve seen the inflection point, only the future will tell us if were right or if were full of it, but if you look at, where the staffing is, and the inflection point, part of it is we stabilized on the October call, we really talked about we were stabilizing our store headcount, and we were preparing for where we were going to be in 2010. Because every time I open a store, Im pulling a very valuable resource out of an existing store, as you need to balance those two, so its really stabilizing and growing the headcount, in connection with the store openings, but not letting one get too far ahead of the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Credit Suisse: Just a question, is it fair to say that your inventory levels are now where they need to be given the demand environment youre seeing out there? How should we think about that? Could you quantify if possible, the negative gross margin impact you saw this quarter from further deterioration in your vendor rebates, which you talk about reversing as you get into sort of the third quarter?
Dan Florness: Yes, the deterioration we saw was about 15 basis points during the quarter. If you look at it in total, were down 70, 75 basis points from where I would have expected us to be in a normal environment. As far as the inventory level, we will add inventory in 2010, because were opening stores, and because were beefing up some of our spending patterns, and really those beefing ups started in November and December. In fact, I wouldnt be surprised to see some inventory growth in the first quarter. However, when I look at the inventory we need to add in 2010, Im a firm believer that weve identified in excess of that amount of still surplus inventory that we can continue to rebalance out of our inventory as I look at 2010. So I feel for the year, theres a reasonable chance we can operate the year with very modest growth, and my goal is to hold it flat, and to me the only wild card in it is depending on how the inflation plays our and what that influence of the steel component, but if theres a little bit of inflation and influences feel component, well take that issue, as long as its mandible for us and our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Holden Lewis - BB&T.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Can you also perhaps touch on some of the pricing versus cost? We all know whats kind of happening to steel I would think that probably going to be flowing through in the year cost of purchasing here very soon, but when you think about the cost relationship. If you can just talk about maybe the upcoming few quarters, I mean, where does the price cost should be cost relationship become positive, negative? How should we look at both sides of the ledger there?
Will Oberton: I would say right now, the price cost relationship is about neutral, flat about middle of the year, inventory flows through. Prices have gone up and we should start seeing the inflation coming through in the March through May timeframe, depending on when the important product hits, we always lag it, because our customers most are steel or fastener customers are savy, they understand the market. So we watch the steel indexes, if steel continues to increase, we should inflation in our fastener and steel products late first quarter and through the second quarter. The other products, the non-fastener products, we have not being seeing nearly as many vendors showing up, or suppliers with price increases this year, and I think most of it is people are just basically happy to have what they hang on to what they have. Normally, theyre not timid, but it appears that theyre a little bit timid with price increases for the first time in long time.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: So thats the cost to you, what about when you start to institute price increases that try to offset that?
Will Oberton: On the steel, last time this happened we were very successful with most of our large customers, we have an index put into our contracts so it steel goes up, we pass it on, if steel goes down, we pass it on also in a decrease. Weve been quite successful. Im confident that we can pass that along in an increase in sales because of it.
Holden Lewis - BB&T: Knowing whats coming down the pike on the raw materials side, I mean, are you planning on perhaps putting through price increases as early as sort of the March timeframe, in which case you probably get a little bit ahead of the actual inflation? Im just trying to get a sense of how the timings in play out on how the price will fall?
Will Oberton: Well, what really place out is we have to see what the master distributors in the market do. We dont determine that for the most part. We can work to stay ahead of it, but it really depends on whats going on in the market. History shows that were able to get some timing out of inflation, and that we lose timing on the down side, I would anticipate it happens the same way this time. Were watching it very closely. The difference today, Holden is its not an abrupt change like last time steel swanked up in August or September of 2007, it just shot up. Right now its moving up, but its a little bumpier on the way up.
Operator: Your final question comes from John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Just following on Holdens question earlier about gross margins; Will, you had mentioned that with some inflation that should help, and Im trying to go back historically to see the patterns that played out, and I think the last time gross margins were in this range, they kind of stayed in the 50%, 51% range for up until 2008, and the sourcing sounds like a good opportunity, but are you also hampered by the fact that back then, 60%, 65% of your sales were fasteners? Thats down to 50%-ish. How does that mix play out as you tried your backup into the 52% range?
Dan Florness: Ill touch on a piece of that, and then turn it over to Will if he wants to add it to. When you look at our fasteners as a percentage of sales, you have to go quite a few years back to get in to the 60s. That number has been in the low 50s, for quite a few years. In fact, it picked up a little bit in the mid part of this decade from a couple of things. One, I think what we referred to at the time as our CSP initiative, where we put more products in our stores. I believe that helped our fastener business, because we went from being I think, a really, really good fastener distributor to a great fastener distributor from the standpoint, we had great availability of product, a wide range of products at the local site, and we got better at it as the percentage of sales picked up a little bit. It was also a little bit of inflation that helped it a little bit, because we measure it at a dollar level, and so those two things influenced it, but you have to go back, as I mentioned, quite a few years in to the history to see our fasteners as percentage in the 60s.
Will Oberton: One the other hurdles that we have, we are doing a lot more importing in fasteners, so I think thats a big thing that a lot of people dont understand, I think , that were only importing fasteners. Weve developed lots of other products. One thing that everybody has to understand thats a huge motivator for our troops is, we had a tough year in 2009 from a bonus standpoint, District Managers, Store Managers, Regional Vice Presidents, and weve made it very clear to everybody, because I met with all of our districts, all of our regional and lot of managers. If you want to get your payback in 2010, its going to require that we improve our margin, and living in the environment we live in; motivation like that really does work. Weve been doing it for a long time, when we have about 3000 people out there say Hey, I need to do this. Its not about just going out and raising prices on everybody. Its about making a lot of transactional decisions to a little bit smarter. I can make an extra dollar here. I can negotiate a deal with our supplier here and it all works to together where we have a large team of people trying to make an extra dollar, two or three in every transaction, with a number of transactions, that adds up very quickly. So I think probably the biggest thing is the motivated team of trained people. They had a pretty touch year in 2009 and well guess we soon have a good year in 2010 on a margin standpoint.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Regarding store openings, Dan it sounds pretty optimistic about, I mean obviously you did mention cost that were help, but getting back to nice positive growth rate. Given the balance sheet, you talked about, given your size, waiting to the second half of the year to add stores at seven or 10. I think like kind of puts pressures on the number of stores per month that kind of close to 20 to 30 per month range. Just thinking, if non-RES construction starts to get better, wouldnt it be to your advantage to maybe add more now when those cost would be lower rentals and real estate costs would be lower now and take advantage of that, and put much less pressure on having to add so many stores in the back half of the year to get that rate?
Dan Florness: We said our run rate of 7% to 10%, the back half. Were not saying were going to open 7% to 10% more stores in 2010. So we wouldnt have to double down in the second half, thats not our plan. 
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: If you did that in the second half, thats like 165 stores, divided by six months is like over 20 stores a month?
Dan Florness: Yes, we can do that. Weve done that for years, what were really looking at the business and saying, Where do we think is the best place to put our investment? Also understand that we have a lot of stores out there that were 20% and 30% larger a year ago. Those stores have the built in customers, the capacity to grow very rapidly. Were going to invest aggressively to grow. We really believe at this point, we want to get our average store size up a little bit before we go aggressively after new stores.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: You mentioned that the fourth quarter, your non-RES construction business was down below the average for the year. Do you expect that to cover in the second half and does that affect what you expect for leasing costs?
Will Oberton: When we look at 2010, we dont give a lot of thought. Im just being bluntly honest, so a lot of thought to what construction we do in the second half of the year, and the biggest reason is because we dont frankly know. What we do know is we believe were optimists as a group. We believe the worst is behind us, and time will tell if that is correct. We think, when we look into 2010, we have a reasonable basis for why were doing, what were doing and if construction were to comeback in the second half of the year. Keep in mind that the store openings in a given year represent a relatively small piece of our sales in that year, and we have 2300 stores that have business thats down. So we want to turn back on the energy of the Fastenal profit. We want to turn back on the ability for our folks to have a good 2010, a great 2011 and 12, and we believe these are the pieces and we believe in that scenario our shareholders will do quite well.
Operator: That does conclude todays question-and-answer session. At that time, Ill turn the conference back over to you gentlemen for any closing remarks.
Dan Florness: This is Dan. I just want to again thank everybody for participating on our call today. I hope you find it informative and thank you again for your support in the Fastenal organization. Have a good week.
Will Oberton: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Darin Pellegrino  Controller Will Oberton  President and CEO Dan Florness  EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Manthey  Robert W. Baird Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan John Baliotti  FTN Equity Capital Markets Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Fastenal Company's third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Darin Pellegrino. Please go ahead sir.
Darin Pellegrino: Good morning and welcome to Fastenals third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is also being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenals investors home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the web cast will be available on this website until December 1, 2009, at midnight Central Time. As a reminder today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we will undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead Will.
Will Oberton: Thank you, Darin, and thank you everybody for joining us this morning. I will spend a few minutes talking about the third quarter, then I will turn it over to Dan. I'm going to jump right in and talk about sales. We had a very nice trend or we started a very nice trend in the third quarter. It was tough going into the third quarter, but if you look at the June through September daily average trend through the end of June, through the end of September in normal times between 98 and 2008 our average improvement was 2.4%, our June daily average to our September daily average. During this period, the third quarter of 2009, we improved by 5.2%. So much stronger than we have over the last 7 or 8 years, or 10 years I should say. And the thing that impresses me -- or one thing that impresses me a lot about that is that we are able to do this without the help of new stores. Normally new stores would have contributed between 25% and 30% of that growth, and we didn't have a lot of new stores opened. So the growth is unusually strong considering that. Talking to people in the field, trying to understand what is going on with our people in the field, I believe, the trend is a combination of one, low inventories at our suppliers that they have really worked the inventories down, and now I don't think they are rebuilding from what I hear, but they are using, consuming what they buy and so we are working off a very low show [ph]. The second is, I believe our sales force is really doing a good job taking market share. They are out there working hard, and a lot of our customers and even companies that arent our customers are still trying to save money. So they are very open to changing suppliers if the new supplier has something new to offer. So a very, very positive sales trend. We hope we can keep that going forward. The margin was probably the only tough spot for us. So there are a lot of tough things, but the margin was the most difficult point for us in the third quarter. We knew going into the third quarter that it would be tough on margins, but we believe we hit bottom in August. All indications are that we hit bottom in August, and we should see improvement going forward. I'm going to break down the components of the margin just a little bit. The biggest difficulty we had in the third quarter was caused by deflation in our product, and year-over-year we believe that cost us probably close to 100 basis points, and it is really that last year was so good because things were moving up and this year it was moving down so rapidly. It was more of a whipsaw effect. But on a positive note, the CRU steel index that we follow actually bottomed out in the April-May time frame for both US steel and Asian steel markets. This is low carbon. Stainless steel also bottomed out, but it is slightly earlier than that. And now it is up about 10%. We have seen that in the prices that we are getting from our suppliers, mainly fastener suppliers. Our prices are starting to move up. So the deflation as we worked the inventory through is pretty much over as we see it, and we may even see some slight increases going forward. So that is very positive in that note. Another area that we got -- we were hit hard with would be the volume incentives or product rebates that we receive from our suppliers for buying products. Our purchasing people did a really good job of renegotiating the deals going in, and I was confident that this wouldn't be a problem earlier in the year. But that was before I realized that our sales would be down as far as they were. So we worked hard to minimize the reduction in rebates, but it is still going to affect us. And a lot of that has to do with our decision to lower our inventories. Another part of that is about -- probably in the August-September or late August, early September, as a management team we made a decision to not chase the volume incentives and really push hard going into the end of the year. We looked at our inventory position, we looked at where we were with our purchases and we said you know what, Let us just buy what makes sense to us. Let us not be aggressive, because this is a really good decision for 2010. So because of that you will see -- continue to see reductions in our inventory going forward into the year. I was involved in that decision and believe it is a very good decision for Fastenal, but it will probably cost us or did cost us 20 to 30 basis points more in margin than it would if we would been aggressive, but yet a good decision. The third thing in the margin that has been very difficult for us are what I would call market pressures. Earlier in the year, we were seeing just crazy pricing, and it was mainly in the fastener areas, not so much in the non-fasteners, but prices that we just were not just willing to go down to. In some cases we did lowered -- in many cases we lowered our prices, but not as far as we were getting pushed to do. We believe it was caused by several things. One is that our competitors had a lot of inventory and they needed to create cash, turn the cash into inventory. We know that was happening with some of our suppliers, because they actually talk to us about it and explained their motives. We also believe it is going on with some of our competitors. Another part of it was people just trying to survive the market was very difficult out there earlier in the year. Since about the June-July timeframe, the talk of that has been going down slightly, and I was out in Indianapolis last week, and had the opportunity to talk to dozens of customers that were there for a show, and it really seems like the crazy pricing has slowed down. Things have stabilized, and we believe going forward it will actually be more of a normal environment, maybe not an improving environment, but a normal environment from what we had seen earlier in the year. So as a company we are very confident that we will see improvement in our margin going forward for all three of those reasons. Switching gears to expense control, not a lot to talk about on the SG&A. We did a nice job in almost all areas and believe we can continue that trend going forward. Inventory, another good area, I think we have done a very nice job in inventory. The people were able to reduce inventory more than we had expected going into the quarter. Part of that is due to our decision to not chase the rebates, and the volume incentives. But a lot of it is due just to hard work, looking at areas that we can reduce things out of, areas that we need to add inventory. Going forward, I see in the fourth quarter that we will see another reduction in our inventory but it will be far slower than it was in the third quarter. It is more of a flat to down versus down, but still a very positive trend. Accounts receivables, the accounts receivable area is the area that I was most concerned with going into the year. When you read about -- every time you read in the newspaper, it was about bankruptcies and companies going out of business.  So I was very worried that our accounts receivable would stretch. As it turns out, that didn't happen and at this point year-over-year we are actually slightly better than we were last year, which is a very positive surprise or a very positive trend and I guess it surprises in my mind, because you would think accounts receivable would stretch in a very, very difficult time. I think a lot of that has to do with the hard work our collections people have done. They have just been really stepping it up and trying to chase down customers or bad debt before it becomes a real problem. Transportation area, you saw if you read the release. We lowered our costs in transportation again. Little bit due to fuel costs. Well, quarter-to-quarter fuel costs were about the same, or the cost of fuel really rationalizing what we were doing, making sure that we are looking at all of our routes, hard work by the transportation group to keep things in line. So with the exception of gross margin, most parts of our business are really doing well, and I'm very confident we will see improvement in the margin going forward. Another positive, and this is kind of a side note is that we have done a really good job or the company has done a good job of retention, especially with our middle and senior management. I went through it this morning and I could not identify one person that has left us for another opportunity in the middle and senior management. So we have at least a 99% retention, and what I can tell is actually at 100%, but I don't want to quote that without making sure my reports are right. And at the store manager level, we have done very well there also. And one thing that this will do for us is going forward these people that are running these districts, running the stores, running our distribution centers, almost all of them have ran a bigger business, and they ran it back in 2008 when our business was bigger, and the most difficult thing we have ever done as a company is to develop people that can run larger businesses. We have thousands of people in place today that have already done that. So as the business comes back and things pick up, it will be easier for us because the people that are running the business as individuals have already done it before. So the learning curve should be far lower, and we should be able to accelerate the growth going forward. Based on the recent sales improvements and our confidence going forward, we have made a decision to open up the store openings or increase the store openings slightly. We are going to open approximately 25 stores in the fourth quarter, most of them being in the November-December timeframe. With that being said, we will continue to hold very tight on all other expenses, including labor. We will probably have to add a few people to put into those stores. I'm not sure of those numbers yet. I haven't looked at the individual numbers. But we're going to hold tight on all of our expenses, but we believe getting the new store machine running again and getting a head start going into 2010 is a very good decision considering a lot of the cost of opening a new store in a very good spot right now. Rents are down, a lot of good reasons to open businesses. With that I thank you, and I am going to turn it over to Dan to touch on a few more areas.
Dan Florness: Thank you Will. Four things just going to highlight from the release. Will has touched on most of them, but I will just run through quickly and touch on a few myself. The gross margin challenges that Will talked about, I think he covered it in pretty good detail. The sales trend strengthening, and I will touch on that a little more in a second. Our SG&A, I believe that we managed it well going through the quarter. And as we have seen in the previous two quarters, continued strong cash flow as we have done, I think a good job managing the working capital side of our organization. On the sales trends, lot of you, when I talked on previous calls and as Will touched on, we look at different periods in time and try to understand the sequential dynamics of our business, what happened in August and how that will influence September and how that will influence October et cetera. Historically, you have heard us talk about January being very, very driven by October of the previous year from a daily average standpoint. Couple of things appear to me when I take historical numbers and just apply those to the reality what we have right now, and as Will touched on, in the last two months we have exceeded the trend line of those normal sequential patterns. If we were to just meet those trend lines as we go through the balance of the year and into next year what you would see is a continuing drop in our contraction level. I believe if the trends held through and I just apply that to where we are today, we would have contraction in the December timeframe in the single digits, and that would flip to growth in January, in the low single digits, and continue to grow from there if the historical patterns play out. And in the last two months we have exceeded them, the previous months we were behind them. Some information I touched on last quarter, I will touch on again as it relates to some specifics within different industries we sell into. As we have talked in the past, manufacturing customer base is our largest single customer base. It represents approximately 50% of our sales. Our next largest customer base would be non-residential construction. That represents somewhere between 20% and 25% of sales. In the current quarter it was about 23%. Selling to other wholesalers represents about 10% of our business. Government represents about 3%, transportation warehouse customers represent about 2%. Then a whole group of other ones combined add to up about 8%, all those are less than 2% individually. When I start looking at those pieces of our business, and I will focus on the manufacturing and construction, because those two represent over 70% of our sales, if you go back to January and you look at where we were versus the previous October, the business dropped off dramatically as the economy melted down globally, but extremely in the US. Since January, our manufacturing book of business contracted from January down to about April. Since April, we have seen stabilization in that business and improvement of that business to where we are today. On a year-over-year basis in the month of September our manufacturing business was down about 20%. So it was performing slightly better than our overall company numbers for the month of September. The construction business really has been sliding since February, and as of September that businesses is down 27% versus September of the year ago. Fortunately for us, the strength in manufacturing is more than 2 times larger than the construction piece. So it has been driving our improvements. The other piece of the business that has been fairly strong is our government sales, partly because of execution, partly because of the expanded spend by our federal government. Our government business on a year-over-year basis, September to September is up about 10%. And so you lump all those together our September number was down 20.8 [ph]. It is a combination of all those pieces. The second item I want to touch on is the SG&A, and Will touched on a bit about the things we have been doing and we have touched on previous calls about things that we are doing to manage that. A lot of discussions I have been having with our regional and national leadership has centered on not just what we have done, but our ability to hold those improvements as we go into the New Year. If you look at the payroll piece of the equation, between 60% and 65% of our operating expenses, we have done a nice job on that throughout the year. Some of that has occurred naturally because of our compensation models. Our commission dollars have dropped year-over-year. Our bonus dollars have dropped year-over-year just because of the level of sales and the level of profitability. If I look at that going into the first quarter that will be our biggest challenge to manage through, but I look at that as a good problem. I look at that as I am talking to our leadership of those dollars we want to be there, we need to manage everything else around it to make sure that happens for our stores personnel and for our district personnel, and I believe it's in the cards that you heard what Will talked about with our headcount plans as we go into the balance of this year and into the new year. The second biggest component of operating expenses is occupancy. A couple of numbers I will share with you. From Q2 to Q3, our occupancy expense increased three-tenths of 1%. On a year-over-year basis, our occupancy is up seven-tenths of 1%. Early in the year we talked about things that we were doing as it related to renegotiating existing leases, as it related to when we do move or when we do open a store, what level of rent we are willing to pay. We have been very strict on that internally. We haven't accomplished everything that we set out to do, but I'm very pleased with what we are seeing in the numbers right now, because it really sets us up in a good position for 2010 to be able to manage our occupancy expenses very well, because of the changes we have made, the changes that are being made, and the discipline we have when it comes to new store openings late this year and into the new year. Finally, the third biggest piece within operating expenses is the product movement. Will touched on it a little bit ago. Fuel was as a piece of it on a year-over-year basis, not so much on a sequential basis. But one thing that when I look out to Q1 and Q2, last year we were very, very aggressively selling off vehicles in our store fleet. Late in 2008, we built a little bit of a backlog of vehicles, in that we buy our vehicles and we turn our vehicles with a certain level of frequency to maintain a very new fleet at our store locations. And in doing that in the first and second quarters of this year, we incurred about $1 million a quarter in losses because we were turning our fleet so dramatically. Those dollars discontinued as we got into Q3, and they will be behind us as we get into the new year. And so that was a good decision early in the year to cycle our fleet, but we incurred some expenses because of it. Finally on the cash flow side, I'm also very pleased with what we have been able to do on the working capital. If you look at our third quarter, our sales are down 21.7, our accounts receivables were down 22.6. If I look at the year, personally the year has been frustrating from this standpoint. We have incurred bad debt at a much higher rate than we have historically seen. We are at close to 50 basis points in the third quarter here. Our expense for the year will be up -- year-to-date is up roughly 25% versus what it was in 2008, even our sales are off quite dramatically. However, when I really split that apart if you look at our 2009 expense, about 15% of that is because we have increased the reserves as we have gone through the year because of some of the ageing and some of the bankruptcies we have been dealt. So I feel very good about that going into the new year, as the trends improve and I believe they will that we will be in a good position to not only maintain the improvement in collections that we have enjoyed, but also see a reduction in our bad debt rates. And one item I would touch on when I look at our accounts receivable, the improvement has really been driven by improvements in the ageing of 30 to 60 day year old receivables. We modified some things that we do with billing. We have more electronic billing today than we have ever had in the past. It speeds up the process both for us and for our customers, and so when I look at the improvements in accounts receivable, it is actually not shining through as strongly as it could because of some of the bankrupt accounts that are still sitting in our aging [ph], but very pleased with not only the improvements but the sustainability of the improvements. On inventory, if you look at the year-to-date reductions, about a third of that is at the store level, about two thirds of that is at the DC. I feel good about that because historically we have struggled when we it comes to managing inventory at the store level. If you manage inventory at the DC level by turning off the inbound spigot by pulling back on your buying, but because of the decentralized nature of our organization, managing at the store level is a lot more challenging, and I really believe we built the mechanism to do that. And we will have the benefit of that as we go into the new year. Finally, on cash flow, the second piece of cash flow after working capital really looks at your CapEx. Coming into the year, we said we expected about $65 million worth of CapEx. That number I believe now will be closer to 55 or maybe just slightly below that number. If you look at the delta, about half of that is coming from the pull-back in some of the store openings that weve had this year and pull-back in some of the vehicles we are buying this year. The other half is coming from IT spend just being less than we anticipated coming into the year, which is a great thing. And so I believe for the year it will be 55 or just slightly below. As I look out to 2010 and 2011, I don't want to get out too far ahead of myself, and we haven't done our detailed capital budgeting for next year, I really believe we can get to a number that in the 40s. That is the realist side of me talking. The accountant side of me would say that will probably be in the low 50s, but that is only because I will be hedging my bet. But I think we can get that number down into the 40s. And it really reflects our ability to leverage the dramatic capital infusion we have had over the last several years in our distribution side, most notably our Indianapolis facility and our Denton, Texas facility, and our ability to leverage that into the future and reduce the need for some capital spending and improve on the operational side at the same time. With that I will turn it back over for the Q&A section, and again I would appreciate so everybody could have the opportunity to ask questions, limit yourself to one question and then get back in queue if you want to do a second. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We will take our first question from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Hi guys, good morning.
Will Oberton: Good morning Dave.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Just a quick question on outside sales reps, do you have a target for OSRs in 2010?
Will Oberton: We really arent putting out a number Dave. Right now it's going to depend on sales growth. As sales pick up, we'll move that number up and right now we're still historically high if you compare it to our daily sales rate.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Just as a follow-up there Will -- can you then compare it maybe to the 7 to 10 range and just give us an idea if there is a multiplier or a different range that you might fall in to relative to the store openings?
Will Oberton: I am going to let Dan -- I didn't quite understand it. Go ahead Dan.
Dan Florness: If you look at the, you know, if we open 7% to 10% stores, each of those stores will have an OSP, and so an outside salesperson, excuse me, and assuming that the sales numbers trend out the way we were talking. I am shooting a little bit from the hip here, maybe 130% of our store openings will be our number for OSPs as far as -- if we are at you know, 7% maybe that number is more like 9% outside sales growth, but I don't want to get too far ahead of myself because we are really going to wait and see how that plays out because it is going to be driven. What's really going to drive that number is when you look our 5 plus and 10 plus year old stores, seeing the contraction drop and the growth pickup in that group because that's really what's going to drive it. We believe that a lot of our growth in 2010 will just be our existing customers increasing their spend, which really doesn't require any more selling time. The really positive is we retain those customers through this difficult time.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: All right, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: We'll go to Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Good morning Will and Dan, how are you?
Will Oberton: Thanks, doing well.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: The 51% gross margin, I believe was your original expectation, your time to give the differentials, the variances on a year-on-year basis, but what was outside of the 20 to 30 bips of lower vendor volume allowances because of your decision to take inventories down, what was the -- what were the primary variances versus your expectations for gross margin heading into the quarter?
Will Oberton: Well, you know, coming at you know, in the second quarter we were at just north of 51. We were at 51.1, and in our July call we really talked about we expected the gross margin to contract in the third quarter. I actually expected it would contract, I thought we'd come in at about 50.5 coming into the quarter. I don't necessarily you know, call it out that way on the cogs. We are always careful not giving guidance because that's is not just our MO [ph] but just my gut was telling me that we would see some additional challenges on what we call our point of sale margin, our transactional invoice margin, and I knew just based on what trends we were seeing with spend, excuse me with sales consumption versus spend with our suppliers that we would see some contraction, say 20 basis points in our rebate vendor allowances side of the equation. Both of those end up being a little higher than anticipated, and that's really what pulled this down to 50.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: So your expectations then for Q4 based on what you're seeing now would be again similar 50, 51 kind of thing or would there be sequential improvement you believe?
Will Oberton: I would expect to see a sequential improvement, although I believe that's going to be nominal until we really start getting into 2010. Some things that link to the calendar if you think about different components of our gross margin. The biggest one that we talked about is the vendor allowance rebate program. Those are typically calendar year programs, and they'll reset themselves as you get into the new year, and so you'll see a nominal improvement in Q1, and then you really see the improvement start to take hold in Q2 because the inventory that you have at the end of the -- the rebate or vendor allowances you earn in the first quarter, they are really sitting on your balance sheet at the end of the first quarter just because those are part of your cost of inventory, but then they start turning through your costs in that second quarter. And those turn faster than when we talk a lot about our import dollars that we've been running through this year because a lot of that is very much driven by domestic vendors. That's where the rebate programs are more prevalent and that inventory turns faster, because we are sourcing it and we tend to stock more of that at our store locations than at our DCs, whereas our DCs tend to stock more of the import side because they are acting as the master importer.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go to Brent Rakers of Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Yes, good morning. I think following up with the last question. Dan and Will, I was hoping you could maybe walk us through each of the three major categories of gross margin and maybe talk us through, you know, if August was I guess the worst you experienced of the quarter, September got better but I just want to understand within the different three metrics deflation, rebates and market pressures, if all of those three categories got better or maybe which ones got worse and give me a directional feel on that line?
Will Oberton: I will start, then hand it to Dan but you have to understand on both market pressure and the deflation, they are ready very, very hard to measure on a short term month-to-month basis. The market pressure mainly it is anecdotal, you talk to your customers; we talk to our people. The only measure we have on that is looking at our POS reported margin and that did improve -- internal margin that did improve. August was the low point for that, and on the deflation that's really about inventory coming through and you know, printed or posted numbers, steel hit the bottom in May, April-May time frame. It has been moving up ever since. So that will it be improving with August being the low point. I'll hand it to Dan.
Dan Florness: On the final piece, the rebate side, we do a pretty detailed analysis by vendor, where we think the number is going to come in at, and so that doesn't really lend itself to month-to-month changes. That's really the number we book for the -- recorded for the quarter is based on that analysis. So it really wont lend itself to those type of changes, but it's really looking at the POS or transactional data that we focus the energy on.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: And just as a quick follow-up, I think in your guys opening comments you talked about on the rebate side making some decisions in September that caused you 20 to 30 basis points for the quarter. Does that at all mean that given that that will carry over to Q4, does that mean we should take that impact three months fold in Q4, so a greater impact negative in Q4?
Dan Florness: No.
Will Oberton: No. It affected the quarter. I'm just saying the decision was made in the August-September timeframe. It affected the entire quarter, and the fourth quarter will have the same effect.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will go to John Baliotti of FTN Equity Capital Markets.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: I just want you to break down SG&A a little bit, you guys mentioned in the release that your payroll and related expenses are about down to about 60% to 65% of sales, and -- but SG&A in total is up about 180, 190 basis points, could you maybe walk through the other 35% or 40%, how the dynamics there are moving around?
Will Oberton: The -- well the payroll piece was right around 62%. Historically, we always talk about that being 65% to 70%. The reason that's lower is our commissions and bonus pay out as well as our headcount and part-time hours are down so dramatically from the year ago that we really made that a very variable cost component of our operating expenses. If I look at other items within the operating expenses, our occupancy was basically flat, or was up three-tenths of a percent or 30 basis points from last quarter, and is up about 70 basis points year-over-year.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: But if you compare that to sales, that would add almost a point of SG&A relative to sales as our sales were down 20%.
Will Oberton: Yes, our occupancy is running about 7% of sales and it was about 6% a year ago.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: So that's almost the entire increase youre talking about?
Will Oberton: Right. The other piece that -- the other two components of the increase would be and we touched on this last quarter. Our health insurance costs have increased meaningfully year-over-year, and what's really driving that is when we look at the percentage of our employees that are opting for healthcare and the percentage of those employees that opt for healthcare that are taking family coverage, both of those are up dramatically from where they were in the first three quarters of 2008, and it really comes from our employee has a spouse.  The spouse either loses benefits where they work or loses their job, so they either go from not having coverage at all to family coverage or they go from single coverage because they each had coverage with their own employer to family coverage, and that's quite a bit more expensive for us to offer for our employees. So that is one piece of it. The other piece of it is what we talked about on the bad debt side.
Dan Florness: One other piece of it is our -- some of our fixed expense like phone expense, trash, computer license, all of that is up slightly because they're really fixed expenses if you, you know, your phone lines. They amount to about 2% of sales, sales being down, those being flat, still increase the SG&A as a percentage of sales. There is very little we can do in some of those expenses when sales contract.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Yes, I will just follow up there, you mentioned in this release that given the shifts you have done through pathway to profitability that more of your cost is variable versus fixed, but I don't know if that -- it didn't seem evident on the quarter. It just -- if you look at sales and profits for store they seem to be down more than the sales decline, and I just, is that just something that we should see later in the year on does it seem like that would indicate there is more fixed cost than variable cost right now?
Will Oberton: Well, you have to look at it in the context of magnitude. When your sales are off, you know, 20% to 22% there is you know, components that are variable but they are not that variable. If you look at even you know, on the payroll side we've done a good job managing that relative to our sales. Even when you look at the other components of operating expenses, the fixed versus variable, if we were down you know, 10% our business was flat. That's what we talk about when we talk about fixed versus variable. It's just that the magnitude of the drop in sales is so dramatic, you know, we're still even though we are not opening as many stores as historically normal for us, we're still opening stores, and so we are adding expenses to the pool, and then there is some that quite frankly should be variable when I think like a healthcare, that should be a variable expense. If your head count is down your expense should be down, and we have seen just the opposite of that.
Dan Florness: And we've made some decisions that may not help the bottom line as much. One is that, you know, we looked at our health insurance and we have very generous programs. Were not going to change that because we believe it's the right thing to do, and the other thing that we've done is we really tried to keep all of our good people. A lot of companies would have been laying off like crazy. So we've made some decisions on expenses where we could have reinforced the bottom line or improved the bottom line, but they're really good decisions because as things pick up as I said early we have retained our people, we're taking care of them from an insurance standpoint. We really believe going forward the benefits are going to be huge.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Okay. So in the future, I mean it is more -- more of your cost is variable versus fixed, would that impact -- wouldnt that impact your leverage going forward as volume picks up or is it just because on a weighted basis it's not really that much more.
Dan Florness: Well, you look at it and say it's variable, but again we get back to magnitude, and let's go back to the Q1 as an example because it's something that's fresh in my mind in that I am talking to a lot of our regionals about it, as they have been in for their meetings. In Q1 if you look at our labor costs, our labor costs were down about $10 million year-over-year. 90% of that came from bonus and commission, and so it was a variable component and that's one where we have to be very conscious of that number growing as we're going to the new year, but it grows because our profits and sales are growing, but it's not going to -- but when you look at the other components of labor and you look at the other components of SG&A, even though they are variable, they are not a one-to-one match variable to sales, and so you will, you know, you would see leverage in that environment. They aren't variable enough to get it down to negative 20, but they're are variable enough to hold the expense from growing as we leverage into the new year.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Got you.
Will Oberton: And had we not done the pathway to profit and had 300 or 400 more stores on the books, our profit picture would be far worse than it is, because of the fixed expense of those stores. That's what Dan is referring to in the pathway to profit, variable versus fixed cost scenario.
John Baliotti - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Got you, thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will go to Tom Hayes of Piper Jaffray.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Great, good morning. Just want to follow up a little bit on the SG&A type questions. You had -- you mentioned that the company has been transitioning to more of a variable base cost. I was just thinking, looking towards 2010, you know, assuming as you stated in the release that there is some increased store openings with the 25 stores in the fourth quarter, and generally improving outlook for the economy as you stated, it's getting a little bit better. What are your some of your underlying assumptions for SG&A going forward as far as, how much of the reductions you're seen this year are likely to come back?
Dan Florness: Well, you know, on the -- if you look at the components that we breakout in our monthly releases as well as in our quarterly releases, some of the reductions at the store level will come back as the volumes dictate, but when I look at the ability to leverage, that should be you know, no worse than it would have been a year ago as far as our ability to leverage. The piece that relates to distribution and the piece that relates to support, those are dollars we've pulled back that we believe have much greater staying power, because we've improved the efficiency of the organization. You know, the one thing you do in an environment like this is you challenge yourself to get better. You know, the headcount reductions on the store side were partly predicated on a need to reduce expense relative to the contracting sales. It was also predicated on the fact if you're moving 20% fewer boxes or 20% less products it takes a portion of our store laborers about moving the package, not about making the sale. And so those reductions would be there. Hopefully we've gained some efficiency. We wont need to replace it dollar for dollar as we grow, but if we were sitting on an environment next year and we're going at 10%, 15%, 20%, 25% whatever the market gives us, you would see that store labor going up for two reasons, one removing more boxes and two we're willing to invest more aggressively in our outside sales program. On the distribution side and on the support side, if we are moving more packages yes, we would need more people in our distribution centers, but our distribution centers are night and day more efficient, especially our Indianapolis and Denton facilities than they were a year ago because of the automation we have added into those facilities. The administrative support side, there wouldn't be much additions there because we really are -- have leaned up the organization, and we have leaned that up in an environment where transactionally, our transaction count isn't down that very much from a year ago. In fact, some of the transactions are up. It's just the dollars per transaction are down. So we've really already incorporated those savings into our equation. Flipping that over to the SG&A side, you know, I believe we'd in a great position to leverage some of our insurance costs, to leverage our occupancy cost going to the new year. On the transportation side, it's really been predicated on what few budgets do more than anything else, but we are better at turning our fleet than we were a year ago.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Will Oberton: We'll also leverage like I talked about computer licensing, software agreements, telephone costs, all that will leverage right up because that's pretty much fixed.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Okay, I mean you mentioned the increased leverage that you're seeing through the Indianapolis and Denton facilities, just to get some idea of scale, how much of the total locations with those two locations support?
Will Oberton: Well, Denton only supports about 8% or 9% of our revenue, but Indianapolis is a central distribution and from an expense standpoint, it represents close to 30% of our total distribution expense, and it's going to show significant improvement.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Jeffrey Germanotta of William Blair.
Jeffrey Germanotta - William Blair: Hi, good morning.
Will Oberton: Hi Jeff.
Dan Florness: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Germanotta - William Blair: This question is kind of a derivative of some things that have been asked already, but in the past you've said you have lowered expenses to the point where flat sales growth could result in flat profit growth going forward. As you contemplate ramping up investments in stores and sales people you know, in the months ahead, does that dynamic still hold or will that increased investment spending perhaps slow that down a little bit?
Dan Florness: That dynamics still holds.
Will Oberton: I will make one point at little [ph] at your question Jeff, but everyone has to understand that our people are paid out bonuses and those bonuses don't kick in until the profits kick in. So they work in parallel or they work, you know, run together. So if the profits don't come back with the sales that means the bonuses don't come back with this sales, and we have a highly motivated team that all they stuck with is sort of a slow down. They'd like to get their bonuses back. So on a really positive note, we have a team that's going to work really hard, increase their bonuses and the side product or the end product of that is improved profit, and that's the way our system has always worked. I mean that's why we have the variable variability in it, because when it's coming back it should come back very rapidly.
Jeffrey Germanotta - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll turn the conference back to management for any additional remarks.
Dan Florness: Thank you Shelby. Again as Will mentioned at the start of the call, I want to thank everybody. I know we have employees on the call, we have shareholders on the call, and I want to thank everybody for participating in our call today. Hopefully, you find these calls useful and can appreciate the optimism we have as we look forward to the balance of the year and in 2010. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Willard Oberton  Chief Executive Officer Daniel Florness  Chief Financial Officer Darin Pelligrino - Controller 
Analysts:  Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray  Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan  Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets  David Manthey - Robert W. Baird  John Baliotti - FTN Capital Markets  Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Unspecified Analyst  Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fastenal Company's second quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Darin Pelligrino; please go ahead sir. 
Darin Pelligrino: Good morning and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2009 quarter two earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Willard Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer and Daniel Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last up to 45 minutes.  The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by William and Daniel with the remainder of the time being open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal.  No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast on the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the web cast will be available on the website until September 1, 2009 at midnight Central time.  As a reminder today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate upcoming or similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated.  Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statement that there is no assurance that the matter contained in such statements will occur.  Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date only and we will undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call.  I would now like to turn the conference over Willard Oberton.
Willard Oberton: Thanks Darin. I was wondering if we were going to have any time left after that introduction. To start out here, first I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. As you can probably guess that overall second quarter was a very disappointing quarter for Fastenal.  Just didnt have the results that we thought we would. Going into the quarter we thought we would see some improvement in the general economic activity but as the quarter played out, the economy just continued to deteriorate.  Our sales for the quarter were down 21.4% when compared to the same quarter in 2008. Although our sequential growth was not as strong as we would like, we did see sequential daily average growth in the last two months and at this time any growth at all is really perceived as positive to us.  The real problem for the earnings was the 180 basis points drop in our gross margin and that was really caused by three things, three areas really came together to cause the drop in the gross margin. First was the competitive pressures we are seeing in the market. This competitive pressure lowered our reported margin by an estimated 100 basis points.  And although this is an issue, understand that we are advising our sales people to not make short-term decisions. Were advising them to be aggressive when they need to, maintain as much margin as they can. If theres a competitive situation that may cause them to lose a long-term customer over a short-term issue, keep the customer if at all possible. And so thats a tightrope, thats a fine line to walk but we believe thats the best decision long-term for Fastenal to not make short-term decisions that will have long-term implications. We believe as the economy improves this pricing pressure will ease to a more normalized level and things will just settle out. It wont go on forever. The second margin issue was caused by the deflation in steel and the fact that with the lower sales we cannot sell through the older, higher priced inventory as fast as the market is dropping. In other times when weve had deflation the inventory has moved out as the prices have dropped and its been a natural flow. Because of our higher inventory levels and the unprecedented drop in our sales, we could just not move the inventory through as fast.  This has caused a 50 basis point reduction in our margin and is also more of a temporary situation as prices stabilize that should just work itself through. The third area of margin thats caused us problems is the volume incentive and rebates. Our product people, the purchasing people, the product development people, did a very good job of negotiating lower hurdle rates for our 2009 programs but with our inventory reductions and the lower sales which reduced our purchases we still may not hit these lower hurdle rates which will cause our, will decrease our rebates, decrease our purchasing incentives and this cost us about 30 basis points in the quarter and thats where the 180 came together, basis point reduction.  All of these serious issues, but all of them are more timing issues. We believe that most of that will come back over time. On a more positive note, I believe our team did a very good job on expense control. We reduced our operating expenses by 11.2% year over year exceeding our goal and our labor was down almost 19%.  So everybody is on board. Were working hard trying to make the changes we need to make. We expect this trend to continue into the third quarter estimating a sequential reduction in operating expenses between 2% and 5%, so were going to continue to work hard to lower our expenses and right size them with the size the company is today.  We also did a very nice job on reducing our inventory. Credit there goes to everyone in the stores, our purchasing department and Daniels financial group. We lowered our inventory by $36 million exceeding our goal of $30 million and our goal for the third quarter is to reduce our inventory between another $12 and $15 million.  At that point we will be very close to where we were back, actually lower than we were last year at the same time but our turns will be getting back to the more normalized levels so were working hard to achieve that goal.  The collections group did a very nice job on accounts receivable. They held up very well and we saw no deterioration in the second quarter from a days out standpoint so another very positive from cash flow and managing the asset base.  Looking forward our plan is to maintain our current headcount level at the stores and continue to work very hard at reducing the support headcount wherever it makes sense. Its a fine line between service and support and were trying to identify the areas where we may be able to reduce.  In some cases weve actually reassigned support people back in the store positions they had previous and thats actually gotten very well. People are very happy to have the jobs and be gainfully employed.  Also looking forward were planning for the rest of the year, we plan to maintain our store openings in the 2% to 5% range, and with any pickup at all in 2010 we would plan to go back to our more historical opening pattern of 7% to 10%. So were looking out trying to understand what is going on. In an effort to try and understand the whole industry, a couple of weeks ago I went to our Vice President of purchasing and our Senior Product Development leader in fasteners and I asked them to contact some of the companies that we know well, old suppliers, basically Fastenal friends and see if we could gather some information to see what theyre seeing out in the market as far as how their businesses are holding up. They contacted actually five of our largest distributors, these would be importers, people brining product in from Asia and reselling it and four of them were willing to give us good information. We averaged out the results from those four and they came out to be 38% down, their sales to us and our competitors are down 38% year over year. And thats year to date, so theyre way down. We also contacted five of our Asian manufacturers and all five of them got back to us with good information and their shipments to the United States are down, and this is in dollars and not in pounds, the tonnage is not quite as bad because of deflation, but in US dollars their shipments are down 59% year over year.  And the reason I give you this is it just brings more color to how beat up the fastener business is and many other industrial businesses this year. I was actually quite surprised that their business was down that far and I got a lot of different information back from the US suppliers. Some of them were talking about the numbers of companies they have on credit hold and that some of our smaller distributors or competitors are actually buying product on credit card at this point.  So theres a lot of pain going on out there and hopefully it will ease soon. Looking back at my notes on a very positive note we continue to sell to more customers. Our actives for the second quarter grew 3.5% over the same quarter in 2008 which is lower than we would want but Daniel has done some work on frequency and when you look at the reduced frequency that were seeing you add that in and it translates into about 8% to 9% increase in our actives on a real basis.  So considering everything thats going on we believe thats pretty good, pretty aggressive. And when I look at that Im trying to think of how that affects us. A real example of how this plays out to our business, in June of 2008 we sold to 214,000 customers and we sold them $206 million in product or $959.00 per customer. Roll the clock forward 12 months to June of 2009. We sold to 226,000 customers, we sold to 12,000 more customers but we only sold $167 million.  So our sales were down by $39 million but we sold to 10,000 more customers, 12,000 more customers, $739.00 per customer. And when I look at that it tells me a few things. One is really the state of what our average customer is doing but on a positive note we seem to be maintaining and retaining our customers, theyre just at a lower level. So when things do come back we should be in pretty good shape.  Sorry about fumbling around with that but at this point Im going to turn it over to Daniel and Daniel is going to give you more color on what our actual customer groups are doing and then a little bit of information on cash flow. Thank you very much. 
Daniel Florness : Thanks William, and as Willard mentioned Im going to cover a little bit, a little color in the customer components as well as cash flow. My comments today will be relatively brief. I think the earnings release speaks for itself.  In the first quarter call I spoke of what I called a core customer comparison and what I was really trying to do is look at October of the prior year and the reason October, historically for those of you that followed us for many years, historically we look at October as our springboard to the next year. It serves as a guidepost to where January daily averages will come in and where well start the new year in building our business.  When I talked about these numbers and again last October we had about 225,000 active customers. When I looked at that business from October to March, what I saw was if you looked at that over the entire decade, what we call our core group, the customers that would buy in both of those two months, October and the following March, you saw basically a parallel pattern from the standpoint of dollars.  On average for the decade it was not up, it was not down. If you looked at that a little closer within the decade, you would see that in the early part of the decade we averaged down about 7% in the recessionary environment. In the middle of the decade when the economy was strong, we averaged up a plus about nine and then in the last three years wed gone from plus nine to zero in other words flat to down seven.  And in March of 2009 our business was off 27%. So summarizing that all out, we saw about a 2,800 basis point decline versus our norm in the October to March timeframe. When I extend that forward now to June, and I compared it to historical norms, as William mentioned we did see additional softening in the marketplace but if I compare it to historical norms, we lost about 100 basis points of growth from what we saw in the balance of the decade. So while it did worsen, it was a marginal worsening as opposed to the previous six months or the previous fourth quarter and first quarter where it was a dramatic drop off in business. So while the business has not stabilized, the rate of worsening has narrowed dramatically.  The other item about frequency, as I had mentioned in the March call and these numbers are holding pretty true to this day, our frequency is down about five percentage points, just over five and thats really that comparison William had to the 3.5% going to about an 8.5% active account growth comparison.  The second type and I put a paragraph in the first page of our earnings release, historically weve not given a lot of color on components of our customer base but I thought Id share some in the context of the release and elaborate on it a little bit in the context of narrative. Our manufacturing customer base which represents historically somewhere between 45% and 50% of our sales, on a Q2 to Q2 basis, that business was off about 28%. Now we dont have perfect information for delineating OEM versus MRO because sometimes its commingled in a common account. Near as we can ascertain the OEM business is down somewhere in the neighborhood of 40%. The MRO business is down somewhere in the mid to upper teens and thats really given our overall balance of being down about 28%.  Some positives we did note, is that in the period from October through April we saw sequential drops in our business on a month to month basis. From April to May the business did improve from the standpoint there was a sequential gain in the daily average and from May to June we saw a positive. Now the numbers are slight but theyre positive nonetheless.  On the second component of our business, non-residential construction, again historically thats run somewhere in the 20% to 25% of our business. That business was off 23% as I cited in the press release. Sequentially that business did soften some from April to May and May to June and so thats a little bit of a negative coming into the summer.  It offset the improvement we saw in the manufacturing component. The third category and this category is a little bit of a grey category in that its product were selling to a reseller. Some of that product is a contractor, it might be an electrician that business is going into non-res construction, some of its going into manufacturing that might be a reseller of product.  That business represents about 10% to 15% of our sales. It was off about 22% for the quarter. Sequentially April to May and May to June, that business improved. The third piece of our business and this business is about 25 to 5% of our sales historically is our government component. That business Q2 to Q2 was up 10% so the government is out spending dollars. Unfortunately for us its a small enough piece so it doesnt really move the needle and as you can imagine, that business improved from April to May and from May to June as well.  Finally on the cash flow statement, if you recall when we started the pathway to profit back in 2007, we laid out a long-term goal of what we thought our cash flow statement would look like and that goal really centered on looking at our operating cash and our CapEx and our free cash flow, all as percentages of earnings in a given year on where we thought that would come in.  And our range for operating cash was 80% to 90% of earnings. CapEx, shoot for a 25% to 30% of earnings and be in a position where we had free cash available of somewhere between 55% and 60% of earnings in any given year to build strong cash flow, to use in a variety of measures to improve the return for our shareholder base.  As you saw in the first six months of this year much as we saw in the first three months, extremely strong cash flow. The operating as about 182% of earnings and that was really driven up because of as William referred to earlier, our strong management of inventory. If you look at our balance sheet and you get down to it we have three primary assets; accounts receivable, inventory, and fixed assets.  From an accounts receivable standpoint, as William mentioned, weve been able to minimize the cash flow or balance sheet risk in this environment and have been able to maintain or nominally improve our days. Have felt some income statement impact with some bankruptcies in our customer base but a number we can manage through.  On the inventory sides, weve made nice progress. Weve had a balanced approach to both our store and non-store, primarily DC inventory. If you look at the components of our inventory our June 2009 balance is essentially in line with our June 2008 balance and our goal is to get back to as William mentioned earlier where we were in December of 2007 so we can hit 2010 lean and ready to go as we charge into the new year.  With that, were ready for the Q-and-A session. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray 
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray : My question is on the margin side, I was just hoping you could comment on your inventory position, the flow through of higher cost inventory, how long should we expect that to continue from I guess a mismatch to where current selling prices are and then I have a follow-up on SG&A. 
Willard Oberton : Well its getting better already but its not like its just a drop dead because you buy product and it sells off some of the slower moving product will still be in the system three, six, nine months from now because on the importing side where were really seeing at the fasteners, many of the slower moving parts well buy, we only turn them one and a half to two times a year in a normal situation so, they will just continue to become less of a problem over the next three to six months and by the end of the year it should be pretty well normalized. 
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray : On the SG&A side, your comments around the sequential drop in SG&A that would imply a pretty significant year over year decline in SG&A dollars. I believe that you were about $22 million in the second quarter and your guidance would imply double that. I was hoping you could give a little more color of incremental cost test that youre looking at. 
Daniel Florness : It might be best to look at it from a sequential standpoint, as you recall last year in the third quarter we had a settlement in the number of about $10 million but if I look at it, if I ignore that and look at it from both either a sequential or year over year, the improvements youre really seeing, if you look at the components of our operating expense, the biggest component it relates to labor costs. Weve been able to manage labor, headcount quite well through this process. Theres a fair amount of incentive compensation both at the store, district, region and national level component of our business and that as you can appreciate has contracted quite dramatically to help us manage through it. So a piece of the additional savings sequentially and year over year will be coming from that component, a meaningful piece, and if you look at the balance of our P&L we still have some benefits in the P&L from fuel.  We still have some benefits for reductions in [paying] because our occupancy expense is improving dramatically and probably the only outlier on that of expenses year to date whether it be the six month period or three month period, interestingly enough our healthcare costs are running higher not because of anything other than weve seen about an 8% increase, our healthcare is up about 11% in the second quarter.  About eight points of that 11 relates to additional employees opting expanded coverage as their spouses have either lost their jobs or theyve seen benefit reductions at other employers. So whats one of the offsetters, but even with that in there, the real big piece on a sequential and year over year basis relates to payroll costs. 
Willard Oberton : One of the areas thats positive from a headcount standpoint, is both our distribution centers in Dallas and Indianapolis, the large investments are starting to come on line. Were starting to operate those. Were seeing the efficiencies that we thought we would and its allowed us to lower headcounts in both those facilities which will add into the, reduce our expense in the third quarter. Thats a very positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan 
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan : Just wanted some additional clarity on the SG&A, I guess I was surprised that in light of the cuts to the FT&E on a sequential basis and the revenue decline sequentially and the substantial gross margin decline substantially that the payroll numbers were not down more than they were sequentially. I understand that the healthcare component, but maybe could you dissect some of that on maybe a per head basis and maybe talk about both kind of the wages or the base compensation and contrast that with the incentive compensation. 
Daniel Florness : I guess when you look at the base component, that was dropping quite dramatically when you went from Q4 to Q1 because actually our base component dropped off about 14%, 13.8%, excuse me 16%. But from Q1 to Q2, thats shallowing quite dramatically and that dropped off about 4%.
Willard Oberton : I think one other piece that you dont see is that the margin reduction, only about half of that actually goes through the branch pay program where the deflation, revaluation through deflation doesnt go through POS and so it doesnt affect our bonuses as much. Thats the way it was on the way up and the way down, same with the rebate component. Neither one of those effect the POS store system so it doesnt have the effect of reducing bonuses as much.  The other piece is that basically the growth was out of the pay program in the first quarter so we didnt see a lot of benefit in the second quarter, lower pay because of the growth. Once you go below zero, theres no growth component left. 
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan : One other question, William you did a great job breaking out the components of gross margin earlier, could you maybe also address though the impact of product mix sequentially and then also the fuel component. I think Daniel said last quarter I want to say it was 30 or 40 basis points. 
Willard Oberton : Well the product mix really didnt change. What youre seeing the fasteners drop but thats really due to the deflation in the fasteners and the other products we really arent seeing a lot of deflation and I have not, I dont have this information yet but I think when we break it out by units or sold versus dollars, the fasteners held up fairly well. Theres probably a little deterioration there because of the OEM customer component.  But generally the fastener margin dropped, the rest of it held up quite well. 
Daniel Florness : In the first quarter when we talked about the components, youre correct; it was about 35 basis points that we saw an improvement. As we go from Q1 to Q2, we lost a little bit of the steam on the fuel side. We still had some operational improvements. We picked up about seven basis points. So it was pretty much a neutral. 
Willard Oberton : I have to say though on the transportation side, the group continues to do a great job and we did have our transportation system was a revenue stream for us in the second quarter versus an expense issue. Thats just hard work. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets 
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets : I also wanted a little bit more color on the gross margin, can you give a sense particularly as it relates to the competitive pressures and sort of the steel deflation issues, it seems like youve been seeing some movement towards higher raw material costs both Chinese steel as well as domestic, what is sort of your expectation for how that plays out. Does that take away the need for the price cuts that you took in March and June or do you expect to see more price cuts coming despite that. 
Willard Oberton : Well talking to our purchasing people, they said its been pretty stable over the, what were paying for product has been stable through May and June. But as volatile as the world market is from an oil standpoint and ore standpoint and just pure volume, its hard to say what will happen with steel going forward. If we did see any up tick in inflation at all, it would greatly reduce the repricing of the inventory on the shelf thats basically cost us 50 basis points and one commodity, stainless steel, we have seen it move up.  Stainless is a pretty big product area for us, nickel has gone up about 20% over the last couple of weeks, so thats a positive. But you know its like looking through that cloudy crystal ball right now as to what the commodity prices will do. A little bit of inflation at this point would be very helpful from a margin standpoint just to stabilize the position. 
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets : Can you talk about what you did with pricing in June and what youre expectation is for September. 
Willard Oberton : Right now with June we lowered a small group, kind of the center part of the commodity fasteners, the A items because thats where we are seeing the most pressure. We didnt lower basically none of the non-fasteners and about 50% of the fasteners we held tough on, all the slower moving items. What were finding is that where were really getting the pressure is on the very high moving parts and thats probably because people are buying them and selling them like hand to mouth. So it was the smallest change weve seen in the last three quarters. Right now what we see in September if it would remain the way it has been through May and June, we probably wouldnt have to reprice anything but were a couple of months away.  The environment is looking better from a pricing standpoint then it has.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets : Okay so based on what youre seeing, that 150 basis points from competitive pressures of steel deflation, how much of that do you think will sort of fade away as you get into Q3 and Q4 if any based on that statement.
Willard Oberton : I dont think it will fade away in Q3 because were well into Q3, and it takes time to go away. In Q4 if our cost of goods, our purchasing prices stay stable, a lot of it will fade away in Q4 but well still have the rebate and volume issue and competitive pressures really depends on what the overall economy does. If business starts to pick up, people will try and make money. If business doesnt theyre going to try and survive and produce cash to keep their business, their doors open. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Manthey - Robert W. Baird 
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird : Sticking with the pricing theme, can you tell us what the price impact on the top line does in the second quarter and what your expectations would be for the third quarter. 
Daniel Florness : Its a difficult one, Id say in that neighborhood of 3% to 4%, 4.5%. Im looking on a year over year basis. 
Willard Oberton : Were waiting for more, were trying to piece all the information together and the real challenge we have in it is so much of our product is customer specific for the large accounts. I think Daniel is probably on the high end of that 3% to 4% year over year and because we are running up the ramp last year, were almost at the peak, and then it was coming down.  If I would say, its probably more in the 2% to 4%, 2% to 3%. And in the third quarter probably wont get much more back. At least as we see it today. Were really cautious in saying anything because its been moving, when it does move, it moves quickly. Weve never seen it move like that. 
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird : And then second, as youre deciding whether or not to ramp the store growth back up in 2010, could you talk to us about what some of the key indicators youll be looking for. Is it just primarily related to your business or are there other factors. 
Willard Oberton : For me the number one indicator will be sequential pattern. If we could get our business back on to a pattern that was above the historical norm for sequential growth, then we would believe were moving in the right direction. As we said we saw sequential growth in the last two months but it was below the average, our historical average. We need to get above the historical average which means at some level the customers are coming back, their businesses are coming back, at that point we think our best investment for the future would be to ramp up our store openings and start to hire sales people at the level that we can afford, while at the same time increasing our earnings on a pre-tax basis. 
Daniel Florness : To frame that a little bit, from May to June our daily average increased 1.7%. Wed have felt a lot better about it relative to historical norm if that would have been in a range of 3 to 4. 
Willard Oberton : Thats really what were looking, what do we see out there. 
Daniel Florness : Yes, the steps were going up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baliotti - FTN Capital Markets 
John Baliotti - FTN Capital Markets : In the earnings release you talked about how the cost structure now with the changes through [inaudible] path to profitability, a greater portion of the cost is variable versus fixed. I was just wondering in the context of the leverage that we saw, I think it was down over 500 basis points, and I dont think you had that in the last recession, is there a volume point that you would see that, where we would start to see that new cost structure kind of materialize. 
Daniel Florness : Well if you looked at it say in the first quarter, using that as a benchmark because Ive done a fair amount of work on that earlier, we saw where we could have had zero percent sales growth and we would have leveraged our income statement. In the current quarter our operating expenses on a year over year basis are down just over 4%. And so lets just say, if we had been at a flat growth perspective, it would have probably eaten up half of that reduction, maybe three-fourths of that reduction so the wildcard here is what gross margin would have done in that kind of environment, would we have been able to maintain gross margin. And so were looking at the business from the standpoint of the way were managing it right now in the context of 2009, with our comparisons to where operating [inaudible] were in 2008, could operate through the year and we believe we could leverage at zero percent sales growth.  If I went to pre pathway to profit, that number would have been more in the 16% neighborhood and we would have been really challenged to get it much down into 13 or 14. And again the wildcard in what I just said would be in that kind of environment if wed have been at zero percent sales growth versus down 20, what would our gross margin have done. 
Willard Oberton : We know that the gross margin would be better than it was because we wouldnt have given up the volume incentive part. That part is very, you can calculate it out where we got hit. We know where that occurred.
Daniel Florness : And we would have burned through inventory faster in the first and second quarters. 
Willard Oberton : Even if the competitive nature had stayed where it was, the other two would have probably not existed and we would have lost about 100 basis points. 
John Baliotti - FTN Capital Markets : Is it possible that as the year goes on and you kind of get a look at the locations and how theyre progressing that you may find that 2350 is the right number in total stores. If you look at the other, a couple of the other large publicly traded distributors that are out there, theyre combined locations are about 1125 and Im just wondering if you look at your inventory turns it would kind of indicate at sort of a nominal 2.0 times it seems like you could, maybe be able to deliver more and you dont necessarily have to be right next to the customer as much. Im wondering if theres a possibility that a review of the locations as we go through this difficult time may reveal that you got the right number where you are today. 
Daniel Florness : I dont have to give too much thought to that to come out with no, I dont believe thats the case. And part of it stems from the fact weve slowed openings this year because we really are trying to manage from a short-term and long-term standpoint managed our P&L through this as well as managed our investment through it.  But when I look at our stores, theres parts of North America where weve been for years, 40 years in Minnesota and Upper Midwest and have expanded beyond that. Theres other parts as you get closer to the oceans where we havent been there as long and so we continue to have tremendous opportunity for store openings in the Upper Midwest, the Central Midwest, and thats amplified even greater when you get closer to the coast where weve just been less time. One thing you have to keep in perspective, fasteners represent half our sales. Its a relatively low value product per pound. Were selling processed steel. Where were really successful is where were able to position ourselves to be a solution provider to our customers and most of our customers operate within 10 miles of one of our stores.  And it puts us in a position we believe long-term to garner the greatest market share and it also puts us in position we believe long-term to increase our store count quite dramatically yet in the future. 
Willard Oberton : I think Ill add a little on that where I look at, what I look at and I look at markets that none of our competitors have ever been in and probably wont go to, last fall I made a trip through Northwest Iowa and I went to three cities, none of them 10,000 people or more. All of them doing more than, well over the company average, about a million, theyre all about between a million and $2 million stores. And they are all operating close to 30% operating profit.  And when I got back I had to pull all the numbers because I was so impressed with the people working, I had never been to these three stores before. Those are the types of markets that other people wont go to. They cant figure it out and there are still hundreds of those out there, highly profitable, high service model and were just going to go and take market share that no one else will get.  I dont think we would every do $1.5 million in a store like Iowa unless we were there. 
Daniel Florness : Ill double down on it too, just from
Willard Oberton : Were going after you now
Daniel Florness : If you look at communities of less than 100,000 people, really 90 to 100,000 people, theres very, you really see a dramatic drop off in national industrial distribution in those marketplaces and those are extremely lucrative marketplaces for us and we have really, I think weve done a nice job as an organization of figuring how an $80,000 a month store can be a profitable business with an attractive return where we can compensate our store employees well.  We can compensate the leadership off that store well and we can have a nice return for our shareholders and address the needs of a really an underserved marketplace in those communities. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: As always the level of detail is much appreciated and terrific. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, mostly looking at, when youre talking about the manufacturing and reseller customers sequentially moderating I guess in May and June, then youre also taking about pricing being more difficult in May and June sequentially, I know you talked about keep the customer and try and balance that with your sales force, but how much of those two aspects interrelated and if they are interrelated, how should we look at that sequential moderation looking at 30,000 feet perspective. 
Daniel Florness : I guess looking at it first off, just the overall statement that the fact that we saw positive sequential gains in those two segments of our customer base from April to May and mid June, if for lack of a better description it felt good just to see numbers moving north rather than south. The pricing pressure that we saw in the second quarter in May, in June, tended to not reduce those numbers so that fact that we were able to put up positive numbers in both those categories is probably understated a little bit by the fact we had pricing pressure. 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: And I just wanted to make sure I understood what you said earlier about Q3 and Q4 pricing and then the overall impacts, should we then expect gross margins overall then to be pretty similar Q3 versus Q2 and then a little bit of improvement in Q4 or are there other impacts moving the gross margins around on an overall basis that were not looking at. 
Willard Oberton : Right now looking into just Q3, we think our margins will be similar to the Q2 level. Q4 is too far out and that really depends on what happens with the steel pricing and commodities pricing over the next two to three months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst  Credit Suisse
Unspecified Analyst  Credit Suisse: Could you remind us again when you expect to cycle through your higher priced inventory and any timing of benefit youre expecting from customer restocking as well as is your CapEx number the $65 million, is that purely maintenance, is there some growth in there. Whats maintenance level CapEx for your business. 
Willard Oberton : We are seeing it cycle through as we speak and we believe it will be, assuming that prices dont continue to drop, we should be at a pretty normalized level by the end of the year and it will continue to diminish as a problem as the year goes on as we sell more of it out. So its just a long gradual slope. As far as restocking at our customer level, were not sure when that will begin but my own gut feeling is that at some level its never going to come back and we saw it in the early 90s, we saw that in early 2000. Is when customers learn to live with less inventory, they go, the CFOs say, hey, you didnt have it six months ago, why do we need to put that back in. But thats actually a very positive thing for Fastenal because if the customers have a warehouse full of product they dont need a high value, high service model like Fastenal. So the more inventory thats taken out at the manufacturer level, at the contractor level, the better off we are.  Without making a lot of calls, just trying to understand customer needs, I was at a big contractor in Phoenix and the guy takes me out in his shop and shows me this big shelving area thats almost completely empty and explains that at a year ago that was all backup inventory, but now he wasnt speaking very positively about the guy with the checkbook in his conversation, but he said, I dont have anything any more, thats why I need guys like you and I just smiled to myself. That was a first hand example where I was involved where a reduction of inventory taking cash out of the business benefited one Fastenal store with one particular customer. 
Daniel Florness : On the second part of your question about CapEx, the $65 million this year, sometimes youre splitting hairs to figure out what is maintenance, what is growth. If I look at the pieces as we said in the release, a good, most of what were doing in Indianapolis, what were doing in Dallas, is behind us as far as dollars spent. But theres still dollars being spent there in 2009. In the case of Indianapolis, we have our ASRS or unit load system, but were still in the process of putting in a [mini] load system so if I were to look at 2009, that $65 million, and just kind of throw a little bit of a guess at it, its probably when you really get down to it, in the traditional definition of the word, its probably two thirds, one third growth versus maintenance.  Because our CapEx, were always investing into a marketplace that we believe long-term will allow us to keep growing as obviously in 2009 were working through unit compression, the demand compression on a per customer basis. But the long-term opportunity, we still invest for that long-term opportunity. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets 
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets : The new compensation structure that you sort of have out there, can you just comment, did that have any bearing whatsoever on what took place sort of in the gross margin, or just sort of address any impact that the new compensation structure may have had. 
Willard Oberton : No Daniel and I looked at that because were very concerned about that also and when we looked at how the quarter played out, the one thing that made it difficult to completely understand is we have a, three times a year we have a large promotion called the Bounty Hunter which is really pushing a lot of lower margin products that is paid for by the tool guys and so we looked back historically and said, what is the margin do when we, the month of the Bounty Hunter which the last one was March, it was March, June and September that we do this. Actually it appeared that we had less impact or lowering of the margin in June or we did than in March so looking at all the information, looking at large sales taken, looking at pricing trends, all the information we could gather, it looked like there was no effect and Daniel and I just went over it again yesterday because we were trying to understand, were trying to forecast for the third quarter where our commissions and our margin is going to come out.  The one thing that it has done and on a very positive note, is it simplified the program and just got people back to work because they were spending a lot of time managing the numbers and very few complaints. Im actually meeting with a group of regionalized presidents this afternoon so Ill have some more color on that but overall it appears to be a very good decision from a simplicity standpoint and it didnt effect or margin. 
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets : And I think you said that sequentially for SG&A youre looking to push the SG&A number down another 2% to 5% sequentially I think you said, what revenue assumption is in that. If you see that the normal seasonal tick up in revenue that you would expect in Q3, is that the environment in which you expect to be able to cut the SG&A further or if you see the normal seasonal pickup in revenues, is that 2% to 5% off the table. 
Willard Oberton : No, normally because of July there isnt a large pickup from second to third. You get August and September are good, but July pulls you back a little bit because of the holiday so were looking if we get the normal, or the trend that were in here which is a little below line, that well be able to manage that. Even if sales pick up a little more than that, were still well below the growth line so none of the bonuses are going to kick in.  We need to see a lot of sequential growth before our pay programs and bonuses have any effect on our expense.
Daniel Florness : Because they really are a year over year program. 
Willard Oberton : And were so far under water that the district, the region, even the store level has to show growth before the commissions tick up, so were really unfortunately, were a ways out from that being a problem. Were comfortable with the 2% to 5% unless just went on fire, if sales went through the roof, which right now were not predicting.
Daniel Florness : But wed take the
Willard Oberton : Yes we would handle it if it came. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Daniel Florness : My closing will be short as my comments were, really want to, speaking to our shareholder base I want to thank you for the support youve shown us through this cycle. Weve tried to enhance what we can on at least a cash flow basis the return by increasing our dividends quite meaningfully over the last six to 18 months and we will endeavor to manage our cash flow through this cycle and position ourselves to have ample cash supply to invest in the business and have some dollars to return to our shareholders.  Secondly and of equal importance, Id like to thank, theres quite a few employees of Fastenal that I anticipate are on the call right now listening or will listen to a replay of it, and I want to say thanks to that group. We sat down with various groups within the organization last fall in December when we had our national meeting, in the spring here with a lot of individual groups. All of us travel quite a bit and our meeting would focus every day. One thing I have to say about our population of people, the blue team, is that people have been willing to roll up sleeves and to be flexible. We dont have written job descriptions. We do what we need to do to get things done within the organization and folks have been really open to the idea of, you know what, if the organization needs this for the next three months, for the next six months, for the next 12 months, I will step up to the plate and take that on, maybe in addition to what Im doing or in place of what Im doing.  And I want to thank the employees for that willingness because it helps a lot when you manage through a time like this. That would be it for the day. I want to thank again all our shareholders and everybody for listening to the call.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Willard Oberton  Chief Executive Officer Daniel Florness  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Manthey  Robert W. Baird Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan Michael Hamilton  RBC Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James 
Operator: Welcome to the Fastenal Company's 2009 quarter one earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes.  The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal hosts, Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. Today's conference call is a proprietary presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast over the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the web cast will be available on the website until June 1 at midnight central standard time.  As a reminder today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date and we will undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call.  At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Willard Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Willard Oberton: Thank you. Id like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. Although the first quarter was a difficult quarter I kind of call it a good news/bad news quarter. I really think we had more good things going on than we do negative things but Im going to start out with the bad news. It really starts out with the first quarter sales.  As you know, the first quarter started out very slow for us and then continued to deteriorate and March was a very tough month, by far the worst month we have had in company history from a sales growth standpoint. We do seem to be seeing some signs we are getting near the bottom. One of them is three of our regions that fell very hard early in this in the October/November/December timeframe actually showed sequential growth from February to March. That would be the mid-South; which is the Kentucky/Tennessee area, the southeast and the northeast, all areas that were really crushed early.  So we see that as very much a positive. The entire eastern side of the United States which went in earlier, and we talked about that on the last conference call, also did better in March. They were still down from their February numbers but ever so slightly and it seems to be stabilizing to where we are also encouraged by that although the west in March took a hard drop which seems to be a timing issue going across the country in trying to figure out where it is. The east, which had gone in early, has smoothed out.  Again, it is difficult to tell but it appears that April has not deteriorated as much and is running at a similar daily average rate to March. Now the difficulty in trying to determine that is where Good Friday falls, holiday early in the month, but so far we are looking at it and saying okay it doesnt seem to be getting a lot worse and maybe again we are getting close to the bottom. So we are encouraged by all of that and we will continue to work hard.  A couple of statistics to give you with just a little color as to what is happening with our customers, we watch very closely our dollar per invoice and average transaction. In March 2008 our average invoice per customer was $204. In March of 2009 that dropped to $178, a 13% decrease. The other stat we look at very closely is our dollars per customer on a monthly basis. In March of 2008 that was at $954 and it dropped to $768, a drop of almost 20%. Customers are just buying less. So that is really what is going on with the customers and what we are seeing out there in the markets.  On the good news front, we believe we are doing well or I believe our troops and our people in the field are doing a great job considering the environment. The first one is the gross margin. Year-over-year we improved our gross margin by 50 basis points from 52.4 to 52.9. What that is really made up of is really an improvement in transportation. The product is about the same but we saw a 40 basis point improvement in transportation. Some of that is driven by fuel, the year-over-year fuel is lower but not a huge amount, and it is really being driven by making smarter decisions on how we run our trucks, really working hard on the routing. The guys that are doing it are working very, very hard on the routing and just trying to make better decisions on everything we do. So the margin is definitely a positive. That is one thing that the pressure from the customers we were worried about but we have done a nice job there.  Another one is the expense control and SG&A. In the last call Dan and I had said we believed our SG&A would only grow between I believe 0-3% is what we stated. We are actually down 3.5%, really driven by labor. Our labor expense was down 8.5% for the quarter with really the same size group of people. Actually almost identical headcount numbers. Really driven by the variability in our pay. Bonuses were down. Overtime was down. All the things that are out there we have driven down to save money and continue to be very profitable.  Another positive, again I will touch on transportation again. Very positive from what we have done there. On the headcount we actually reduced our headcount from the fourth quarter by 849 people and we did that through natural attrition. We didnt have to do a mass lay off. We still dont believe we are going to have to do that unless things were to get a lot worse which right now we dont believe they will but as murky as it is out there I dont think anyone could tell. If I had a crystal ball I would be in a lot better shape.  Nice job on the quarter-to-quarter improvement and year-over-year we are actually within on average I think one person off from 11,033 this year and 11,032 last year. I was kind of surprised to see that number yesterday how close it was.  Active account growth is another very positive. We drew our actives, actives we define as number of customers buying from us in a given month, by 6.1% which in any other time we would not have been impressed with when you look at the gap from there to what our sales growth were we are taking market share. There is no question when you look at the average customer buys 20% less from us but we sold to 6% more customers. The people are out selling and taking market share.  Inventory, we did a nice job reducing our inventory. We still have a lot of work to do there. Dan is going to be touching on some of the things we are doing. We are going to continue to see decreases in our inventory over the next several quarters and Dan will give you more color.  The last item that I want to touch on are accounts receivable, another really positive one. Going into this mess back in the October timeframe we were getting lots of questions from the investment community about what are your DSOs doing and what is going on out there. We have held on very nicely. Some of it due to changes that Dan has made and I think a lot of it just due to hard work by the people in our collections department and out in our stores. I think it is a tribute to the relationships we have with many of our customers.  With that Im going to turn it over to Dan. Dan has a lot of material to cover and then we will circle back for questions. 
Dan Florness:  Thanks Will. Good morning everybody and again thank you for being on the call. Im going to touch through a few things that are in the press release. I would point out on the first page, the bottom 2/3 of the page is new commentary that we decided to put in just to give a little more lead-in flavor to the release and touch on, as Will said a second ago, our sales trends did weaken as we went through the quarter. However, we were able to put in a very strong showing from a cash flow perspective in the quarter and continued to build cash in total despite the fact of the dramatic increase we had in our first quarter of our dividend pay out.  Sometimes when you are in a period of change you try to analyze numbers a few different ways and half of it probably drives you crazy and half of it gives you some insight. There is some information, some statistics I thought I would share with the group. Im going to take a couple of minutes first to explain the character of what Im looking at and how that has changed basically since 2000.  What I did was I took a look at customers that purchased from us in the month of October. The reason I chose October is October historically has been a high water mark for us in a calendar year. We are typically looking at our sales trends from January through October to see what we are building and how that leads into the next year. So October is a very good indicator of our next calendar year what our business is going to look like.  So looking at October the customers that bought from us and then took the subset of those customers that also bought from us the following March; five months later. Trying to understand the trends. Again there is some seasonality to our business so you have trends that come into play but here are some numbers I will throw out and hopefully at the end of the day or the end of this blurb everybody listening has more insight than when we started and arent just confused.  If I look at the 2001 to 2003 timeframe, the first data point in that would be October 2000 to March 2001 looking at the group of customers that bought in both of those months. If I look at that three-year range, the dollars dropped. If you recall in 2001/2002 and even 2003 timeframe we were in a recessionary environment. In 2003 we hit a low point late in the first quarter and throughout the second quarter when the Iraq war started. If you look at the trends from the October to March the static group of customers that bought in both periods, our sales with that group of customers dropped on average about 7%. The range was down 6 to down 9 over the three-year period but the average was about 7% drop.  In the next three-year period from 2004 to 2006, again looking at March customers versus the same customers the previous October, our sales actually increased approximately 9%, a low of 5 to high 11, but on average up were 9%. Then in each of the last three years here is what the numbers did. March 2007 versus October 2006, a static group of customers their sales were identical. They changed by less than 1 point of a percent. March 2008 versus October 2007 the sales mirrored what was going on in the earlier part of this decade. They were off 7%.  That entire timeframe from 2001 to 2008, the average was 0.4% drop. So basically March to the previous October customers did the same volume. March of 2009 versus October 2008 our sales with a static group of customers were off 27%. For me it helped me understand what is the norm. When we were seeing sales growth weaken in 2008 we were seeing an environment very similar to what we saw in the early part of the decade. That environment post October 2008 declined quite dramatically to the tune of four times worse than what we were seeing a year earlier.  When I look at the number of active customers and I look at those time frames interestingly enough the customer drop off from October to March in total was consistent for every year within a few percentage points from 2001 through 2008 but was about 4% lower in 2009. So that talks a little bit about frequency of customers whereas the real story is about sheer volume drop off in dollars that are purchased March 2009 versus October 2008. Again, I hope that was informative and not just confusing as heck. Sometimes Im not sure.  With regards to the pathway to profit, Will touched on some points and I will add a couple to it. Our headcount as we talked about in our first quarter call dropped dramatically from the high watermark we had in the October timeframe. Our FTE in the first quarter was down 849 people or 7.1% from the fourth quarter of 2008 and as Will mentioned a good chunk of that was related to normal attrition. A piece of that was related to a conscious reduction in part-time hours from roughly 27-28 hours a week to I believe right now we are running about 18. So it was a combination of headcount reduction and pulling back the hours worked because of less product going through the store, less hours are needed to move that product.  When I look at the profitability of the business the table we put in the press release on page four tells a little bit of a story about the quarter as well. Last year approximately 50% of our stores did greater than $60,000 a month in sales. In the first quarter of this year that number had dropped to about 38%. So you really had two things going on that affected our overall profitability. One was downgrade in the category end and as everybody knows from seeing previous releases the change in profitability from Category One to Two to Three to Four To Five is quite dramatic.  The other thing that impacted us was the stores for example in the 100-150 category. Where they are, the average in that group deteriorated from last year and so you saw the profitability of each category drop between 50-100 basis points. Although when I look at the changes in our gross profit dollars available to pay operating expenses in the last six months I believe the reaction in what you saw in our operating expenses was quite dramatic and I applaud the Fastenal team for their efforts.  The other item Id talk about is as we mentioned in the release we are consciously slowing the headcount at our stores, the increase, as well as the number of store openings this year. Some figures I thought I would share when I look at the two years since we started Pathway to Profit, since first quarter 2007 to first quarter of 2009 our FTE at the store level is up $1,319 or about 20.7%. So we have a tremendous amount of additional selling dollars we have put into the organization over the last two years as well as we have opened stores in that two-year timeframe.  If I look at our D.C. operations, our FTE headcount is actually down 20 or about 1/10th of a percent and our support headcount is up 6 or 0.4% so in total we have added 1,306 FTEs in the last two years. All of those FTEs have gone into our store to put us in a position to continue to grow, as Will mentioned to take market share and propel the business forward.  Some items on expense control I will touch on. Payroll expense cycled down and when I look at it versus fourth quarter and versus first quarter all components dropped within the category. So some of the natural shock absorbers we have in the system that move North and South whether that be commissions or profitability bonuses moved as we would have expected. Other components dropped because of headcount and hours reductions.  Fuel costs also helped out the quarter as I called out in the release. Occupancy costs for the quarter grew 6% year-over-year and in the first quarter call we talked about the progress we are making with renewals. Approximately 50% of our 2009 renewals have been renegotiated and we have made very nice progress with our reductions that we identified in the first quarter call. I am pleased with that. We are pushing real hard right now on the 2010 renewals as well. We want to hit while the iron is hot. I think where we have done a very good job is especially on the west coast, our California region, as well as our Salt Lake region have done a nice job of reducing their occupancy through re-negotiations.  Will touched on accounts receivable. There are really two components in accounts receivable worth mentioning. One is the income statement risk and the other one is the cash flow risk. Ill touch on the income statement risk first and that is in this environment customers of ours are suffering. Some have gone through some bankruptcy issues. We can manage through the turmoil. We saw our bad debt expense increase as a percentage of sales year-over-year. We have managed through that. Thankfully from a cash flow standpoint we have been able to maintain reasonably well our DSOs and I will touch on a few drivers of that in a second.  Finally, on working capital changes as Will mentioned we were able to reduce our inventory in the quarter and what I can touch on with inventory is that we will continue to work aggressively to size our inventory to the size of our business today. That means I expect our inventory to continue to drop as we go through the year. I was pleased to see the drop in March. As you can appreciate, when the sales numbers dropped off as dramatically as they did it was challenging to correct the direction of the ship in the short-term. We struggled in January and February but were able to make a nice dent into inventory in the third month of the quarter and I believe that sets us up nicely for Q2 and Q3 to see additional reductions.  A couple of the things that we are really focusing that on is most of our inventory is physically located at one of our stores. Over the last 1-1/2 to 2 years we have built some nice mechanisms internally for sharing inventory between stores and that puts us in a position to continue to drive our inventory down and lean up our inventory with tools that just werent available to our business 2-5 years ago. As it relates to accounts receivable, several things have been driving it. I believe a very good job at our district and store level with managing the relationships with our customers.  Our customers know us well. Our customers have been doing business with us for years and I believe treat us well and we treat them well and they continue to pay their bills in a timely fashion. One other item I touched on in the first quarter call is we have continued to modify how we bill our customers. In our first quarter call I talked about the number of customers that we were now billing, ignoring the customers that we bill with EDI and that is a sizeable number. There are a lot of customers we do less than $1,000 per month with. Less than $300 a month with. We are slowly driving that business from sending an invoice in the mail to sending an invoice either via fax or email.  In January on the call I talked about we had converted approximately 8,000 of our customers over to this new method of billing. As of last week we have approximately 73,000 customers switched over to receiving their invoices either via email or e-fax. What that means is a lot of customers are getting their invoice several days faster than they would have historically. I believe that is one of the components that helps us manage our DSOs through getting our bills to our customers faster and getting paid in a timely fashion.  As we look out through the balance of the year, as I mentioned in the call, we will strive to manage our operating expenses and our cash flow in a prudent fashion and I believe we will have a very strong cash flow for the year as we saw in the first quarter.  With that I will turn it back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Manthey  Robert W. Baird. 
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: I cant guarantee a logical follow-up but I will try. First of all, Will in terms of you saying the business is stabilizing are you referring to average daily sales dollars flattening out? Are you talking about year-to-year change in average daily sales, that sort of year to year rate? 
Willard Oberton:  We are saying our April right now it looks like the year-over-year decline right now appears to be similar but neither are dropping as fast. That is really what I am saying. Like I said, three of the regions actually showed sequential growth from February to March and they had been falling off the face. It appears that the areas that fell earlier are starting to flatten out and show more of a normal sequential trend of improvement from month-to-month as the year goes through. 
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Would you attribute that to sort of inventory de-stocking sort of running its course at this point? 
Willard Oberton:  We dont know. I get that question all the time and I have talked to several of our large customers about it and they are saying that their business dropped off so hard that they are struggling to manage their inventory also. At this point that may be the case. They are starting to just buybecause several of the customers said we just turned it off. We just quit buying anything we didnt absolutely have to. 
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird:  Dan, do you have the growth in actives in March specifically? 
Willard Oberton:  Well get back to you on that. The growth in actives in March was lower than the quarter. We will circle back with you. Dan is grabbing it right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: My first question is on inventory levels. Up about 10% and you are holding gross margins nicely. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the pricing pressures you are seeing out in the market place and perhaps your willingness to accept lower gross margins to preserve sales and market share? 
Willard Oberton:  We are seeing pressure out there but right now we dont believe we are losing a lot of business to not being competitive. Otherwise we wouldnt be adding to our actives. We believe we are taking share right now. It is finding that balance between lowering marginsso the customers are coming to us asking for better pricing. With most of our large, national type accounts we have indexes put into the contracts based on the CRU steel index and that will slowly migrate down but it is a long process. It goes up slow and it comes down slow over a period of time the way it is managed.  The smaller customers, we did reduce our wholesale price which is our published list price on commodity fasteners by 10% March 1. We lowered it. What that really translates into is probably about a 2-3% reduction in about 1/3 of our products or maybe 1-1.5% of our decline in sales came from that lowering of price. You have to bring it down, a lot of customers get discounts off that or our set pricing so it is a lift. We are going to continue to see pressure on the steel fasteners because those prices are dropping. So far we have been able to hold our pricing.  One thing that is happening out there in the marketplace and we are hearing this from the customers is a lot of our competitors are low on inventory and so we have the product. We are hearing that from the field saying you know what right now the fact that we have product on the shelf is helping us in the marketplace. When they need it, our customers dont want to stock it. So our ability to provide product is very big right now. 
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: On the buckets of stores in the different categories of sales per month there is a pretty significant, I think one of the more significant moves we have seen into this $0-30,000 per month category. I guess I am curious were there a lot of stores just hovering just above $30,000 a month? Was there a weaker performance out of some of these newer stores that would cause such a big shift in those buckets? 
Daniel Florness:  I guess Im not conscious of where stores are within categories. There is no doubt about it this environment negatively impacted every group of stores because so many customers businesses are just dropping off rapidly. So unfortunately it didnt spare any of our categories, even our smaller stores. You saw stores in that 30-60 category that had significant customers that were pummeled. Sometimes you can have a smaller store where one or two customers can have a much more pronounced effect on the business than they would in a store doing $200,000 a month because sometimes one or two customers can really skew the numbers and unfortunately pummel them unnecessarily. 
Willard Oberton:  Im going to circle back quickly and answer Daves question. Dave, on a daily rate our actives in March were up 2.5%. On an absolute rate 7.3%. So we still saw good growth in the active accounts in March. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research. 
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: I was wondering if you could slice the revenue performance for the quarter and for the month of March by a couple of different ways; one between manufacturing versus your construction customers. Also that large account versus your smaller customer. What are the trends you are seeing there? 
Daniel Florness:  In the large account versus small in the different ways we have talked about it in the past we also take a look at what we call our top-ten customers. But when I look at it from what I call our top-300 customers, so this is looking at every one of our regional business units, and looking at their top 300 customers versus the pack when I look at the Q1 numbers, a number that almost mirrors what we saw at the company level for traction for the quarter and so that group were in the fourth quarter they fared a little bit worse than the company. In the first quarter they operated about the same as the company. 
Willard Oberton:  Our top-ten customers which represent about 66% of our total business, 65%, the top ten were down 18% in March and the other were down 17.2%. So really very similar trends. It is across the board.  On the construction versus manufacturing we dont have good numbers on that. We have been working on the reports. 
Daniel Florness:  I suspect you would see a similar deterioration in both groups, maybe a little bit skewed towards manufacturing. 
Willard Oberton:  Part of it is we have a few big job sites that are really driving our construction numbers. There are some energy plants going on. We are trying to normalize that and that is where we are struggling to get a really clean number out of it because they dont really represent the trend of construction companies. These are big multi-million dollar jobs. 
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: How would you envision gross margin unfolding through the year? We have these price cuts that are starting to unfold across the commodity fasteners and presumably as you work down inventories that will impact supplier purchase incentives. I would suspect there is still some FICO accounting that needs to be worked through the P&L. How do you see gross margin unfold with all those other dynamics this year? 
Willard Oberton:  On the price deflation what we are seeing right now is our cost of goods on the shelf will drop as our prices drop. We will manage down through that and we will see a headwind there but we should be able to manage through that quite nicely. As far as the vendor incentives our purchasing group or product development group has done a very nice job. They went in early back in December and renegotiated a lot of those programs so that we dont have to get even close to the targets we did this year. We put in some very low targets and said business is unusual and our business is different. What we use in all of them is say if you think you can grow your business next year overall then we will sign up to growing our business and if you cant then we want the same deal you think you can do. Most of our suppliers, our rebates and our incentive programs are pretty safe unless it gets a lot worse. There will be a little headwind on the margin. Dan maybe you could add some color? 
Daniel Florness:  One thing I would add to some of the thoughts about the vendor programs, there are a variety of programs that relate to how we transport to our products, some relate to how we grow our business. When I look at the dollars and I look at the impact they tend to skew a little bit away from fasteners to the non-fastener product lines. It is our fastener, i.e. steel based products that are really being hurt the most in the current environment. Whereas our non-fasteners, Im not saying that business is rosy compared to others because they are moving directionally the same but the impact on non-fasteners is less of a downturn than it is on fasteners. So that helps us somewhat as well in some of these programs. 
Willard Oberton:  So we see a headwind on margin but we dont see a very large or big change from this year-over-year going forward. 
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research:  So the idea is that you think you can hold gross margin declines to a reasonable level? I guess Im kind of confused on what the conclusion is. 
Willard Oberton:  The conclusion is we will probably see some deterioration but not a lot. The other positive we have on gross margin is the transportation will continue to get better with increased volume so our transportation costs wont go up but our volume will spread. As we go through the year our volume should increase even if our month over or year-over-year declines are 17% the volume goes up. If it didnt get any better from that standpoint we still have more volume to ship and we will get more benefit from transportation as we go through the year. Also fuel was at its peak in the middle of last year so we will get that benefit also. So fasteners are going to be difficult to hold margin on. The other products will be a push and transportation will offset some of the fastener decline. 
Daniel Florness:  To give you a gauge of what we are seeing already when I look at where we were in Q3 and where we were in Q1 of last year our transportation gross margin added between 35-40 basis points to our gross margin. So we have seen degradation in our gross margin sequentially from the dynamics of the environment, rising cost pool and stagnant if not slightly deflationary sale prices. So I think we have managed through pretty well thus far but we will have some gross margin pressure but I think we can manage through it in the balance of the year. 
Willard Oberton:  Sorry we are somewhat vague but it is a very, very difficult thing to put a handle on because it really depends on what customers are doing well and what product lines are doing well. There are thousands of moving parts that come together to that one number, or millions of moving parts. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Will, I guess you made a lot of comments about some of the regions that actually improved. You specifically cited three regions that got better sequentially from February to March. I was hoping maybe you could offset that from the other side and talk a little about the regions that weakened and maybe if you can share some of what you think the similarities are in some of those regions that have weakened sequentially? 
Willard Oberton:  The regions that we have really seen weakened that really came off hard in March would be just take the Mississippi south on the west side of it. Basically Minnesota, Dakotas, all the way to Texas. That part of the country all the way to the Rocky Mountains really got hit hard. It held up well before. We think it was being held up by two things; energy and agriculture. As we know, farming got ugly late last year but it seemed to hold up well through the winter in this area and oil a lot of the projects with oil were ongoing and they were at full steam last fall even though oil prices were dropping. Now they are not starting new projects so we got hit real hard in Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma with energy and we got hit real hard Kansas north with Agriculture. Those are the areas that really affected us.  Now the west coast, California we are doing actually quite well there. Floridathe one area that went down early and we havent seen much improvement is that auto belt, the Ohio, Indiana and Michigan area still really struggling in that area which with all the turmoil going on we dont see anything coming back real soon.  So that kind of gives you a flavor for the country. The other area that we have really seen deteriorate is eastern Canada and Mexico. Mexico is really being driven by a handful of large customers that have just really pulled back manufacturing. We are still doing well in China and we are doing reasonably well in Singapore. Actually doing really well adding business. We have a couple of large customers that have almost shut down. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: As a follow-up to that particularly within the energy and agriculture segments can you give us a better sense of how large a component those two end markets are to your overall business? Then also when would you start anniversarying some of the easier comparisons if you will in those categories? 
Willard Oberton:  I dont think it is so much how much they are of our overall business it is how much they drive the economies in those areas. When you look at the Texas areas, the big areas along the Gulf Coast, those economies are completely driven by energy just like Detroit for the most part is driven by automotive. So as energy goes, those markets go. The support industry, the construction and project growth, taxes and roads and bridges in the Midwest is still somewhat similar. Not as much in Minnesota as it is in Iowa, the Dakotas, Kansas and Missouri where there is a heavier component. What I am saying is that is what we believe held it up and that is what really dropped. We sit back and say what is going on in these markets? The ag, you look at Deere and Cat and those people have pulled way back and our business dropped off right with that. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: One last clarification on that, when did you see those regions start to weaken relative to some of the other ones? Was it in the fall of last year? Winter? Or just this spring? 
Willard Oberton:  They started weakening with everything else. But when you draw the lines the eastern half of the United States dropped quickly. The Ohio area dropped much more quickly. In the west, excuse me, kind of came alongFebruary dropped a little bit but then March was a month where we really got hit in the Texas area. Here is a growth as a region where growth dropped off by something like 10-12 points in one month. Both those regions, the Oklahoma, Louisiana and Texas areas those were the areas that really surprised us in March and really pulled us down hard. They are a pretty good, large piece of business. A lot of the older stores in the area are very profitable stores and across the entire company that is the one area where we just wont [inaudible.] We know and I have talked to a lot of people, a lot of our people down there. These are long-term Fastenal people. They just didnt go to sleep and quit working. They are out there working harder than they ever have and their customers just arent buying. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Hamilton  RBC. 
Michael Hamilton  RBC: If we look at infrastructure spend as a come back driver in the economy what is your feeling on what kind of relative share you see versus a lot of your other markets? In other words, if that is the driver do you lag a little bit off of that? 
Willard Oberton:  Im not sure what you mean by
Michael Hamilton  RBC: Do you have less of a share in every dollar that you would assume you spent in infrastructure than you do in industrial, energy? 
Willard Oberton:  Well there is probably less of our product used in infrastructure because so much of that is engineering. We will do a lot of business in infrastructure. Our Senior Vice Presidents have already been meeting with suppliers of products, several of the ITW companies, people that are making American-Made because a lot of that is put into the bill that it has to be produced in America. Products we can go in, concrete anchors, structural fastening systems where we can go in and take advantage of those builds. We have actually mapped out all of the highway projects and a lot of the infrastructure projects that are going on and we are prepared to go in and take that business as quickly as possible. We are positioned really well for it because we have the product and we have it out there in the field. We are looking for a boost from that.  It is a little bit unclear as to when it will start. States are moving at different speeds but we have really worked a lot on it already. 
Michael Hamilton  RBC: Could you comment on what you are seeing out of Canada at this stage? 
Willard Oberton:  What we are seeing in Canada is two things. One is the currency. That has hit us hard. Eastern Canada is basically very similar to the Indiana/Michigan area where the unit growth, currency aside, business is down close to 20%. 
Daniel Florness:  One thing to keep in mind is our Eastern Canada business is very much centered on the province of Ontario. Some Maritimes are out there but the dollars are really in Ontario. 
Willard Oberton:  Probably more than  of our business is in Ontario. Western Canada we are holding up better but it is still slow. We were doing really well up in the oil sands and that has really slowed down because of $40-50 oil. Still a lot of activity but not the frenzy that it was. Canada east and west really reacts similar to east and west in the United States. The markets are similar. The west is driven by energy and agriculture and the east is driven by metal manufacturing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James. 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: If you mentioned this and I missed it I apologize, the Easter effect in March and perhaps the expected effect in April because of the change in the calendar? Then also, Dan bad debt allowance or uncollectible allowance has been creeping up the last couple of quarters as would be expected. What are your thoughts moving forward? Are you seeing a stabilization of collections as a percentage of gross or how should we look at that? 
Daniel Florness:  I missed the last part about the collections. 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: The allowance for uncollectible accounts as a percentage of the gross receivables has been ticking up the last couple of quarters as one might expect in this type of economic conditions. I was just curious as to what you are seeing in terms of the quality of the receivables and has that begun to stabilize in terms of the ratio of uncollectibles? 
Daniel Florness:  If I look at our AR portfolio in total as we talked earlier the payment patterns have held up reasonably well. When I look at it across the board our bad debts are holding up reasonably well. What really has hurt the bad debts in the last 4 months has been the frequency of bankruptcies increasing and the reserves on those balances. That is really what drove our reserve balance. There was some increase because of bad debt, dont get me wrong, but the real change to the reserve balance itself related to some bankruptcies. So I would look at the rest of the portfolio and say it is hanging in there reasonably well.  I think one of the things that helps us inherently is the fact we have long-standing relationships with a lot of our larger customers and we have a lot of smaller customers, customers where we represent a relatively small piece of their spend. I think that helps us with the diversification of our customer base across multiple industries and multiple geographies. 
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: The Easter effect? Do you have a sense of what that might have helped in March or may impact April? 
Willard Oberton:  I guess I cant comment on March. March was such a bad month that we dont think nothing could have helped it. As far as April, Good Friday is never a good day for business. It takes off roughly like losing  the day. You normalize that in and it appears that our daily average for April is running at about the same rate as March. It is early in the month. Business is slow. There is no question about it. We think we are starting to bounce or maybe touch the bottom a little bit but we have a long ways to go and that is really the message we have to get out there. We understand sales are going to be difficult. We are going to work really hard to build for the future. We are going to work really hard to add active customers. Make sure we keep the best people in the field. Our best people, we keep them employed. We have very, very low turnover for the people we want to keep. Grow the business going forward. We think we are going to come out the winner by taking market share long-term.  We are hearing from our fastener suppliers and some of our other suppliers they are saying you guys are doing fantastic only being down 10-12% compared to the industry. They are out there saying a lot of our competitors are down 30-50% which is hard to understand but it is really slow. 
Operator:  That is all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Florness for any additional or closing remarks. 
Daniel Florness:  Thank you. Again thank everybody for listening. One item that I wanted to touch on that I neglected to cover in my notes and probably it is something we historically havent done. We did it last quarter and we talked about we thought our SG&A would grow in the first quarter over the first quarter of last year. Looking at where our trends are and where we are seeing headcount and where we are seeing the trends there, and that again is the biggest driver of payroll dollars within our operating expense category, our expectation would be that operating expenses would be down Q2 2008 to Q2 2009 somewhere between 6-9%. So I just wanted to throw that out there. It is some vision into the future.  Other than that, again I would like to thank everybody for taking the time this morning to listen to our conference call and hopefully our release was informative as well as the call was informative. I am hoping my information earlier on with groups of customers wasnt just confusing. Hopefully we are at the bottom of the cycle and will be trending better in the coming months. Thank you. 
Operator:  This does conclude our conference for today. We thank you so much for your participation. Please have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Willard Oberton  Chief Executive Officer Daniel Florness  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Holden Lewis  BB&T Investment Bank David Manthey  Robert W. Baird Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray John Baliotti  Ftn Midwest Securities Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan Michael Hamilton  RBC Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Fastenal Company's 2008 annual and quarter four earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Mr. William Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer.  The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal host Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. Today's conference call of Fastenal's presentation is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being audio simulcast over the internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page at www.investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the web cast will be available on the website until November 3 at midnight central standard time.  As a reminder today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. Forward-looking statements are made as of today's date and we will undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Willard Oberton, Chief Executive Officer.
Willard Oberton: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for our 2008 year end and fourth quarter conference call. First, I'm going to touch on 2008 then I'll touch a little bit on the quarter, and then turn it over to Dan. Overall I believe 2008 was a good year for Fastenal. We were able to grow our sales 13.5%. I'll qualify that first. It was a very good year for Fastenal for the first three quarters and then it slowed down hard as you saw. We grew our sales 13.5%. We had 20.2% earnings growth, very nice number. Our operating profit, that's a number that we look at very closely. We had a goal at the beginning of the year to increase that by 100 basis point, part of our Pathway to Profit goal. I'm proud to announce that we were able to do that even in a difficult economic time, increase it 19.3%. We opened 7.5% more stores. That was a little bit below our earlier goals but that was intentional as the economy slowed at the end of the year. We said, "You know what, if we don't have leases signed, let's just back off a little bit and see what it looks like going forward." I think that was a good decision. From a head count growth, our other growth driver, we grew our overall head count at 9.2% with the store personnel growing at 12.2%. We're pretty comfortable with that number. That number came down a little bit at the end of the year as there was more uncertainty in the economy and our visibility seemed to be a little shorter. We weren't seeing as good visibility going forward. But again, overall 2008, very good year and I think the Fastenal team did a nice job. Fourth quarter as I said slowed down. October, our sales growth was 11.9%, November we came in at 6.8% and in December we had no sales growth. That's the first time in Fastenal's 42 year history that we had no growth year over year. But it is a difficult time. Some positives though for the quarter, we did have base margin improvement and driven by many areas. The biggest improvement was driven by our outside sales team calling on small and medium size customers. We say a little bit of improvement because of the inflation slowed but we still had some timing there.  And the other big area for margin improvement was our transportation initiative where we did a very nice job which allowed us to have 11.3% earnings growth. The positive in that is it's the first time we were ever able to leverage earnings growth with sales below 10% probably below 15%. On our last conference call for the third quarter, the question was asked at what point could we leverage earnings growth and Dan and I felt it was around 10%. We were wrong on that. In a positive sense we were able to do it at a much lower rate. We're proud of the fact we were able to do that. Our expense control in the SG&A, we did a nice job in certain areas but in other areas we think we have room for improvement. We're working very hard on that. Dan will give a little more color on that. One of the areas I'd like to touch on for a positive in the fourth quarter of 2008 was our transportation group. We were helped by lower fuel costs but in the fourth quarter we actually made money on our overall transportation program. Those of you that have followed the company for awhile, back in 2005 we announced that we were going to overhaul our transportation, we called it our transportation initiative with a goal of having of what we called net freight internally. For the first time, in the company history we were able to do it. We actually made about $1,000 in the fourth quarter on freight overall, which means we take all the credits we get by charging freight to our customers, our vendors paying us for moving their product for them, match that against our expenses and at the end of the bottom line, it's actually a net positive for Fastenal. I bring that up because it's something our transportation group has worked very hard on and it bodes well for us going forward in a difficult time. Also on transportation, one thing that's going on externally is, UPS and FedEx are actually raising their prices to offset some of their increased costs which gives us an advantage over a lot of our competition who use UPS and FedEx as their primary carrier. So we actually have some more positives going there. Looking forward into 2009, things are very slow. It's difficult out there. Right now, looking at our January sales numbers, we see about a 4% to 6% negative sales growth in January, the first time we've ever seen that in the company. We're watching it very closely. We're trying to find out where the bottom is and we don't know that at this point. Based on that view, we're going to be very tight on head count. Between December 1 and January 15, we've lowered our overall headcount by about 4% as a company. It's all been through attrition. We haven't let anyone go. We've just had a number of people leaving the company and we're not replacing them at this time. We're also going to slow our store openings until we have better visibility. We will be opening stores. We don't have an exact number, and really what we're looking at there is, if we find a great deal on a building, we have the people, if we already have the people in place to go out and open a store, we get a good deal on a building, we are going to open some stores. It'll be a very low number. So our plan going forward is really to pay very close attention to the economy, try and understand when we get to the bottom and the economy stops slowing and starts to pick back up, and at that time we should be in a good position to start re-investing. The first thing we would start re-investing in would be additional outside sales people, and that would be followed by store growth which we believe we'll be able to do later in the year if things pick up at all. We're not retreating at all. We're just holding our cards close until we understand what's going on in the economy. With that I'd like to turn it over to Dan, and Dan will give you more color on the quarter.
Daniel Florness: As Will mentioned, one of the key to us having as successful fourth quarter as we could have fell into the expense control which we had to move on pretty quickly. Historically, I've talked about the components of our operating expenses and they really get down to three or four categories depending on how you want to define it. The first one being labor related costs. That would be the dollars that are paid to our employees for their day to day activities, the dollars that are paid to our employees via profit sharing contribution and then our health care costs; all those lumped together. All told those reflect somewhere between 66% and 70% of our operating expenses in any given quarter. The second piece being occupancy. Occupancy represents about 20% of our operating expenses. The third would be our store vehicle and finally all else rolled up together.  When we look at those pieces in the fourth quarter and we look at those pieces going into the first quarter some things that are going on. In the past we've talked about the shock absorbers built into our business model, and that really being that a fair amount of our pay is incentive compensation. At the store level it centers on commissions. At other portions of the business it relates to some type of monthly or quarterly bonus program that typically centers on either expense management or profit growth. In the case of the fourth quarter as Will touched on was transportation. We did a great job with expense management in the fact that we were able to turn that long term cost of the business into a nominal profit for the business during the fourth quarter. As Will touched on, we've been very cautious with our payroll dollars, really since the first month of this quarter. Some turnover we have not been replacing and part time hours we did bring down from upper 20's to lower 20's as far as hours per week worked by our part time personnel in our effort to save dollars and match the energy expended to the energy needed in the store. One thing we ask of our employees and Will has been busy the last several weeks meeting with employees here in the Wynonna campus as well as other locations within Fastenal as have Nick, Lee and Steve and their respective business units, really talking to our employees about as we go into 2009 some uncertainty and the service aspect we have as an organization as well as the flexibility we all need to practice as we go into the new year to allow for us to create opportunities for our employees and provide a return for our shareholders and provide great service for our customers in that environment. On the occupancy side, again that represents about 20% of our operating expenses. For the most part, that's a fixed cost component of our operating expenses. We are attempting to turn that into, and have begun to turn that into more of a variable cost. In 2008, and I talked about this on previous calls, I think we did a nice job of lowering the rents going into new locations. We lowered the new location rent in 2008 versus the same period in 2007 by about 15% per store in the actual cost of that facility. As we look into 2009 and we really put this in motion late in 2008, about a third  typically when we open a store we sign a three or four year lease. So in any given year, we have a fair number of leases that have come up for renewal. When we look at 2009, we'll have about 700 leases that come up for renewal. The challenge we put out to all of our regional and district leadership back in the fall is, let's get those re-negotiations done early, and we laid out a target for them. 90% of your stores, we should obtain a 20% reduction in rent. That's our internal target. The logic behind that is typically when we open a store, the landlord in many cases will do a nominal build out. They might remove some walls. They might install some walls. They might redo the floor; redo lighting, so some nominal build outs for our stores. For those of you who visit our stores, you know they're not fancy, but there's still dollars involved there. Typically landlords want to recoup those dollars on their first lease term, so that really puts us in a position now on the renewal that the landlord has room to take some of that out and we want to aggressively go after it. Again to convert part of our occupancy from fixed to variable, at least in the short term. Finally as I look at the store vehicle, November, December as you can see in our numbers saw some nice benefit from the reduction in fuel costs. As we go into first quarter there's still some tailwind to that in that October really didn't see as much benefit as November and December did, so we have some sequential tailwind for both cost of good portion as related to our large truck fleet and operating expense that's related to our pick up fleet at our stores. The final to all else category, we feel we can manage that through the short term. That tends to be less variable, but it's also a relatively small part of our operating expenses. When I lump all those together we believe we go into Q1 '09 with a very stable operating expense category and our intention going into the quarter would be if you're looking at Q1 '09 versus Q1 '08, we believe our operating expenses will grow somewhere between flat and up 3%. That's really our attempt to continue operating with the investments for growth that we've made in '08, allow that to allow us to continue to take market share as we go into '09, put us in a position to defend a piece of the income statement.  Typically we don't give this type of visibility into our future but we feel that given the slow down we saw in the fourth quarter and the uncertainty we see in the first quarter, it's prudent to think out loud if you will about our operating expenses and where we think they'll trend in the first quarter of '09. On Page 3 of our earnings release you see our Pathway to Profits statistics. Some things to note; historically when we get into periods like this, if I go back to 2001, if we had had a similar table to this laid out, one thing that you would have seen is a certain amount of balling, that's the correct word to use, on our older stores, those stores as you've seen are highly profitable businesses for us.  They leverage quite nicely on the way up. That hill was just as steep on the way down if they're not growing or they're experiencing some contraction. Most stores did experience some contraction in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to say on a year over year basis as I look at our stores over $100,000, in the $100,000 to $150,000 category, they improved their profitability from 2008 to 2009 in a period where the leverage point for those businesses would dictate that they would contract. And we really did that with a combination of, we saw improvements in our gross margin that Will touched on earlier and we did a nice job of managing our labor costs.  And, quite frankly, all the other expenses in the store, and the benefit of some fuel. All those pieces came together to allow those stores to be successful in a period where historically they would go backwards. Probably the biggest thing when I look at this chart, we did in my mind improve nicely year over year, on the [general] 30, we've taken a step backward. We need to work on that. A lot of that relates to the fact that we've put in part time employees in those stores over the last 12 months to really allow our sales people to be out selling more hours of the week. And then the final piece is as you see in that 100 to 150 category with the stores going backwards, some of them did slip into the 60 to 100 category. On the working capital side of the equation we continue to make strides on our working capital. On Page 6 of the earnings release I touched on the changes in the inventory on a year over year basis. As I look at the last two months of the year, which that period really represents the period of sales that creates our accounts receivable, we are up almost 7% in November and as Will mentioned, sales were flat in December. Year over year, our accounts receivable were up 3.6%. I consider that at least a moral victory that we've been able to manage that relative to our sales growth and will continue to strive hard to manage that as we go through this. In the areas that we talked about as Will mentioned, in support areas we just aren't adding head count and we're not replacing attrition.  The only exception to that in my space is, I'm trying to find people in other areas of the finance group so we can continue to staff and maintain staffing within our call center and our accounts receivable because of the importance I placed on maintaining our management over accounts receivable in this time frame. On the inventory side, when I look at the 11.8% growth year over year, I'm disappointed that it's more than 10%. I also am very aware of the fact that product that we were buying in the August, September, October time frame, because of the lead time on inventory cycle, we would have anticipated having been sold in November and December, and the sales shortfall really led to some dollars still being on the balance sheet. Still great inventory. We'll turn that inventory in the early months of 2009. I feel we're poised well going into 2009 for working capital management in general, both accounts receivable and inventory. Finally, a little bit on cash flow. When we started Pathway to Profit back in early 2007 and I laid out some goals that I saw was a Pathway to Profit as we elevated our profitability and increased the average size of the store, I felt a goal for us would be operating cash flow north of $.85 from $1.00 of earnings. I'm pleased to say that in 2007 we were at 98% operating cash flow as a percentage of net earning for the year. In 2008, we were at 93%.  From a free cash flow standpoint, operating cash minus capital expenditures, our goal would be to be above that 50% to 60% range. In 2007 we were at 77%. In 2008 62%. And really the only thing that pulled that down was the tremendous increase in capital expenditures in 2008 primarily driven by our distribution expansion in Denton, Texas, and in Indianapolis, Indiana. I feel very good about our cash flow characteristics as we look out into the future. The final piece and this is just an FYI for those of you that might not have seen it. We did announce a dividend last night. Our first quarter dividend payable in late February of $0.35 per share. Two other points I wanted to make on our expense control. These are smaller examples, but they're examples nonetheless of things that we're doing to manage our expenses every day.  In 2007 we talked a lot about the MC70, the handheld technology that our store personnel were using and in that technology, it's a cellular connection that we have. Our cost for each of those hand held units is about $30 per month for the cellular connection. We've recently renegotiated that and lowered it to $19. If you take that $11 per month savings times 3,000 units, and it's a nice savings. And, it's a savings that is permanent as we go through the year. And it's one example of a way we can continue to manage expenses in this environment. A second one is, we have 200,000 plus active customers a month. In the late months of 2008 we created the ability to email and e-fax our invoices to our customers. One beauty of having our call centers, we talk to our customers every day about invoices and collections and things like that. We also can talk to them about how they receive the invoices. I'm pleased to say that we have about 8,000 customers that we turned on to email and e-fax in the late months of '08. Our goal is to drive that to 50% of our customers during 2009 receiving their invoices. That cost for us between paper and postage and envelopes is about $150,000 a month. So our ability to manage expenses like that is a big deal as we look into 2009, dollars we can free up so we can still keep feet on the street selling and servicing our customers needs. One other item I touched on, and this is a little bit of visibility into our sales information. What I asked our folks internally to do was taking a look at some trends in our business and we typically don't give much trends as far as type of customer, but again, it's useful to understand some trends we're seeing in our business. What we looked at is our customers broken out between different types of entities; a broad brush of manufacturing, broad brush of construction and a broad brush of other service industries, some of which feed into manufacturing but almost carving out of that manufacturing and it's almost pure MRO business. About 50% of our sales today are broad brush manufacturing. Another 27% is a whole bunch of other pieces. Some you could define as manufacturing, some you would define as service industries. And the last piece, about 23% of our sales is construction. If I look at a base line of business, look at our customers in those groups back in the second quarter of '08 and look at their trends, typically we would see a fall off from Q3 to Q4 of somewhere in the neighborhood, and I'm using typically 2007 as our baseline, a drop off of somewhere between 3.5% to 4.5% in their business just because of seasonality. What we saw is a drop off from Q3 to Q4 in the neighborhood of 16% to 18%, and interestingly enough, when I look at the manufacturing, the service industries and the construction, there's not a noticeable dissimilarity in the fall off that occurred in the fourth quarter. Construction you would expect some fall off. And again, in '07 it was about 4% from Q3 to Q4, largely seasonal. That number was 18% this year. The pure manufacturing, again fall off last year was about 3.5%. That number fell off 16% this year. And what we saw in the case of December, you saw a lot of companies that literally shut down for a couple weeks, three weeks, their business activities or significantly reduced them to really tread water and wait until we get into the new year. And then finally, the other, the broad brush service industries, about 4.5% drop off last year, about 16% this year. Again, not noticeable dissimilarities between the groups. I hope that information is useful and not confusing. Sometimes you throw stuff like that out it might raise more questions than answers.
Willard Oberton: What Dan's really saying is, everything slowed down. Essentially it was a broad based drop in the environment.
Daniel Florness: I will now turn it over for our Q and answer session and again, I would ask as we've asked in previous quarters to limit yourself to one question and get back in queue. If you do have a question that is related or a follow up to the answer we've just given that's okay, but limit it so everybody has an opportunity to ask a question.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair: Congratulations on a great profit performance in a tough environment. My question relates to gross profit. You've been doing a lot of good things there whether it's the freight initiative, foreign sourcing, raising prices, etc., and you posted a pretty big year over year increase, over 200 basis points. How do you feel about those components and the sustainability of them as you look at softening demand and lower commodity prices in 2009?
Daniel Florness: We're pretty comfortable. We may not stay at the 53%, but we're comfortable in that 52% range as more of our normal trend in the last few quarters, and there's several reasons. One is our outside sales people are working hard at driving revenue from smaller customers where you can make a little higher margin.  Second is, when the commodity prices drop, some of you'll have to give back, but some of it we don't have to give back, understanding that our average customer does $200 to $250. We take out the key accounts, the average customer only does about $200 to $250 in fasteners. So it's not a high visibility item. We can continue. If we offer high service levels we can continue to actually improve our margins as costs come down, now lose our margin.  And the third is transportation. As I said, you can tell I was elated by our progress of the transportation. We've actually kind of shaken the rug on that. We found a bunch of areas we can save money and I'm very confident that we have more room to improve the gross margin with the transportation expenses are going to margin component. So we're comfortable where we are in gross margin and we believe we can maintain a level at or above where we did in 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes form Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: How much did diesel prices and transportation costs boost gross margin in the fourth quarter?
Daniel Florness: You're looking at about, if you look at the fuel costs, I'll touch on that point. Our fuel cost dropped about $4 million from Q3 to Q4 and about half that number, $2 million would have benefited cost of goods.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research: Could you talk about active account growth in the third quarter and then in the fourth quarter what kind of growth rates are you seeing?
Daniel Florness: I don't have that right in front of me but what we saw in November, we saw active account growth in the low teens.
Willard Oberton: Our active account growth in November was actually pretty good. December fell off, but so much of that was driven by plant closing and so we really discounted the information because customers that buy from us all the time, some of them were shut down for most of the month. But through November we had I think it was about 12.5% active account growth. And that's the thing I didn't mention this morning, that's one of the big drums we're pounding with our sales people right now. Even if you can't produce top line revenue, if you continue to expand your comp base in a difficult time, eventually those customers will come back and that's where we'll get the leverage growth of expanded base and expanded activity per customer. That's a very positive message that we're sending out continually.
Operator: Your next question comes from Holden Lewis  BB&T Investment Bank.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Investment Bank: Could you give a little bit more color in terms of the price and cost dynamic? Did you fully expect that you'll be able to hold the pricing that you put in through 2008 or are you expecting to have to give some away, and if you give some away are you waiting until the inventory kind of works through and you start recognizing the lower cost inventory? Give us a sense of sort of what the expectations are and sort of the timing of those expectations as we move through 2009.
Willard Oberton: We will have to give some back. We can not hold the price across the board with every customer. But the timing will be, we'll be giving it back as our inventory costs come down. If you remember our conversation, I believe it was the second quarter conference call, I described how the timing works. Our businesses, our stores act as true businesses. They're going to be very reluctant to lower their price before their cost goes down because that's going to hit them right in the pocketbook. And so it works very naturally if you're a small business. We pass price increases, then pass price decreased through to them and they pass them along to their customers. The larger customers, mostly larger customers we have contractual agreements that basically allows us to move up with the price and we have to move back down with the price. That won't create a gross margin problem. It will create a little bit of headwind on the top line revenue but it's not a tremendous amount. Right now we don't know exactly what it is because prices are still moving. But it's really with the larger customers where we have the contracts. I think with many of the small customers, we'll maintain most of the current prices. Also understand that the deflation at this point is only affecting the carbon steel fasteners. A lot of our products are still maintaining the price. In fact some of them have actually gone up in 2009 based on what they're made of and the production costs. It's not a broad based 100% deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Manthey  Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: In terms of the trends that you're seeing it sounds like things turned down pretty hard late December as would be expected. Is there any color at all you can give us as it relates to the first week in January relative to that and then maybe what you saw as recently as last week? Is it getting worse, better?
Willard Oberton: Through the first ten days of January we're seeing our sales down about 4% to 6% year over year on a daily basis. That's a similar trend to what we saw, actually that's slower than we saw in late December, but December was such a hard month to judge because of the way the holidays came. It looks like January came out slightly below where December was, or so far through 10 days of January.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: You're comparing the first three weeks here of January to the last couple weeks of December. Is that what you're saying?
Willard Oberton: No. We're comparing the first three weeks of January to the first three weeks of January in 2008. In the year over year comparison, our trend is below where it was one year ago at 4% to 6% and that's all the visibility we have and we have daily visibility. I spent a lot of time traveling last week. I was out in front of probably 300 managers and groups and the mood is very good. I was trying to explain that to my Board yesterday. They're going, "How can the mood be good when our sales are down?" But you have to understand they're running small businesses so if I'm running an $80,000 business last year I did $80,000, this year I'm on track to do $77,000, or something like that, I'm still busy. I still have customer activity. And that's positive that they're optimistic about it because they're still out knocking on doors. The last thing we want is them to be sticking their head in the sand and saying uncle. So the people are out working hard and what we seeing, we don't have the account activity yet for January, but what I'm hearing from our stores anecdotally is that most of the customers are buying. I believe we'll have okay account growth in January. The average customer will just buy less product and that's what's driving, putting the pressure on our top line revenue growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: I was hoping you could comment on the discrepancy or maybe there wasn't one between strategic accounts and smaller customers as you look at the fall off in sales activity. And then just one follow up on your prepared comments, you mentioned that you'd seen some attrition in head count reduction for this month, if you could just comment on sales rep hiring plans in 2009. Do you still expect that to grow at a double digit rate?
Daniel Florness: As far as large versus small difference noted, no question about it when I look at 2008, especially the late months of 2008, our large account business has been hurt more by the economy than our small account business. With that same notion, both are hurt. It's it degree to which they're hurt in the late months of the year. So large account business slipping, but the small account business is soft as well.
Willard Oberton: A little more on that, that's also what's helped our gross margin, is that the small accounts do run at a much higher gross margin so the mix changes and the margin moves up. As far as hiring of outside sales people, right now we're not going to put out numbers on that. What we want to do first is we want to see where the bottom is. Our plan is to continue hiring outside sales people in 2009, but we're reluctant to do it until we see where the economy is. As a company we're very committed to not put ourselves in a position where we have to start letting people go. We have to start laying off and doing things like that. We're committed to our team, so we believe it's prudent to just let the attrition go. What we're not going to allow to happen is stores are not going to be running with one person or understaffed. If the store volume warrants it and we need three people or four people in a store, we will replace the people and keep the customer service level high. But if someone leaves, business drops off and someone leaves, if a $300,000 stores goes to $250,000 and someone quits, we will probably not replace that person at this time. That's what we're monitoring. We're letting our people, our district managers and our regional managers in the field make those decisions. Dan and I are not making them. We're just monitoring the results. Based on that strategy, our head count is down by about 4% over the last six weeks just through normal attrition.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baliotti  Ftn Midwest Securities.
John Baliotti  Ftn Midwest Securities: In your prepared remarks you mentioned cost. I wasn't sure if it was for the first quarter or for the year. I think you mentioned you expect it to be flat to up 3%. Is that right?
Daniel Florness: I mentioned that. That was looking at our operating expenses, looking at the trends that are going in payroll, in occupancy as well as the remaining expenses in operating expenses. It was about the first quarter. When I look at the first quarter of '09 versus first quarter of '08, hopefully we'll have SG&A that's flat year over year, but zero to three would be the range we're looking at right now based on trends. As far as the second, third and fourth quarter, at this point I'd be making a lot of speculation because a lot of it will depend on when we feel we've seen the bottom and when we feel we're at a stable floor that we can build from again and revisit what we're doing with head count and store openings at that juncture. That could be a month away. It could be three months away.
John Baliotti  Ftn Midwest Securities: So overall, you're saying, you might have mentioned it, you still think at the 52% to 53% gross margin is still a good range to think about for '09?
Daniel Florness: Yes we believe it is.
Willard Oberton: I was going to say before, understand we do not see us being conservative in store openings and hiring's as retreating. We just believe we're just waiting to see what goes on and preparing. When we see a bottom, we believe it's staring to pick up, we plan to be aggressive growing our business, but until we know where it is  I just want to make that point clear because some people are going, "You guys never back up." We're not backing up. We're just taking a wait and see attitude for a short period of time. We do not believe two or three years from now it will have a material affect on where we are.
Daniel Florness: On thing that's worth noting is that our business has one tremendous advantage, and that is our ability to move quickly. The ability to add OSP and open stores is a very short window time.
Willard Oberton: One of the things that has made our ability to add sales people much shorter is we've increased our part time head count by about 50% at the store over the last 12 months. Many of those people are looking for full time opportunities and we can hold them at bay for a short period of time until we have the opportunities. Then we can turn on very quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: I wanted to follow up on some earlier comments you made about the transition from December month factory activity to January month factory activity, and I guess more specifically you talked a little bit about the factory shut downs during the second half of December, I guess point one would be have those factories come back on line in general? Is it weakness in other factories that's impacting the January comps?
Willard Oberton: We don't have good information specifically of what factories are online and which factories are not. We don't look at our account activity until the end of the month. At the end of the month we start matching it up. We've just never done it in the middle of the month.  What we're hearing from the field, anecdotally from our store managers and suppliers over the last two weeks is that, "You know what? There's a lot of activity out there but people are just buying less. They're very, very conservative on anything that they don't have need for absolutely today, they're just not buying it." And we're doing the same thing with our suppliers. If we don't need it, we're not going to buy it, and there's a very, very conservative posturing out there with all the companies trying to conserve cash. The difficult thing for us is trying to understand is the demand this low? Is it an inventory correction? It's probably a combination of both. It's fear of the future, I guess uncertainty, lower demand and sell everything we have before we buy anything new. It's combined to really drive weakness.
Daniel Florness: What I'd add to that, is if you look at our daily active number in December, that was down about 11% from January and right now at least what we're comfortable talking about is we're seeing trends of activity January to January being down about 4% to 6%.
Willard Oberton: But I think our activity will not be down. My prediction from what I've seen is the activity will not be down that much.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: I'm sorry. I'm confused by that last comment. You're down 4% to 6% but you're activity won't.
Willard Oberton: That's sales. Sales top line revenue growth appears to be down for the month it looks like we'll be down 4% to 6%. From what I am hearing, our customer activity, number of actives will not be down that much. Right now I'm still predicting that we'll have slight growth on our actives. We're selling to more customers. They're just buying less product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hamilton  RBC.
Michael Hamilton  RBC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in trends in Canada.
Willard Oberton: We actually are, when you take out the currency issue, our trends in Canada are very good. We've had high single digit growth in the fourth quarter, 8% to 10% growth in Canadian dollars. You convert that and we're down 10%. But the Canadian economy has not been hit as hard at least for us. What surprised us is even in the car belt, the auto belt between Windsor and Toronto we've still seen some decent growth.
Michael Hamilton  RBC: When you look at planned activity on the rental side, the real estate leasing, you've had a very collegial business model where a fair number of your leases are in fact with customers. How do you walk that line as you prepare for those negotiations?
Daniel Florness: It's actually a relatively small number that would be with customers.
Willard Oberton: I would guess it's below 5%, well below 5% with customers.
Daniel Florness: I know of a few, but it's pretty slim. And my guess is they'll be calling us for price decreases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Historically how soon do the changes in the broad steel market place inflation or deflation affect the fasteners that you are purchasing from the vendors? My secondary question would be what was average ticket or average PO, however you define it on a year on year basis in the quarter?
Willard Oberton: As far as the lag, Dan's going to look up the average invoice. There's usually a three to six month lag and it really depends on what products you're talking about. The products that are narrow skew count, high volume, things like threaded rod, it's a shorter cycle because we turn the inventory faster. Items that are more semi standard, the cycle actually goes six to nine months because they product them with less frequency. We buy them in larger quantities relative to what we sell. But overall if steel pricing, if steel prices start going down in the August time frame, that product will be hitting our shelves about this time, January, about five to six months later.  It'll be passing through to our customers in the April/May time frame because we turn that product about two to two and a half times a year. So it's really steel to the supplier. They produce it, ship it to us. We sell to our inventory, ship it to our customers. That entire cycle is about nine months.
Daniel Florness: On the question about average invoice size, I'll give you three data points. In January of '09 our average invoice was just over $200.00. It was $202.00. In the September/October time frame that number had grown to about $209.00 and in the month of December that number contracted to $196.00.
Operator: You have a follow up question from Holden Lewis  BB&T Investment Bank.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Investment Bank: I remember in the last downturn you also had reduced your store opening rates, head counts, that sort of thing. I think in the wake of that and given your strong financial condition your comments have sort of been around we kind of regret having done that. I wish we'd been more aggressive growing through that downturn in terms of our investment spending. And now it seems like, like then you're still doing some investment spending but it seems like you're tapping the brakes fairly substantially in light of the downturn. Is there any risk that we're going to look down the road a few years and say we regret having done this, or are the conditions different? Or am I recollecting incorrectly? Can you just give a little historical perspective to this?
Willard Oberton: You're a smart guy. There's risk in everything we do. We don't plan to keep our feet on the brakes very long. We believe there's as much risk plowing headlong into it because this is very different. It appears it could be quite different from the last one, and we're position as Dan said that we can pick up our store pace very quickly and we can add sales people at a rate we've never been able to because of the position we have with both our outside sales initiative, but our part time sales initiative to support that. Maybe we are being a little conservative but I'm comfortable with that position right now and for the next month or two or three depending on where it goes. Shortly into the year we're going to have to make some decisions.
Daniel Florness: I'm going to throw a couple of things out. If I go back to the '98 time frame when the Asian flu came through and put quite a shutter on the global economy, we stopped opening stores in the fourth quarter of that year. Our biggest regret when we look back at it is we underestimated the inertia to turn off and turn back on store openings, and we were disappointed not in the fact that we shut it off. We were disappointed in the fact that in '99 we couldn't get it going again. I think we opened 49, 50 stores in '99. And that was a frustration point. In the 2001 time frame we kept opening stores for the most part through that cycle. I think the biggest difference when I look back to that time frame is we've gone from really 100% of our long term growth drivers centered on store openings to today about 60% center on store openings and about 40% center on the OSP program as I think about the 40% pull back we did in store openings we did in 2007. As Will mentioned, the OSP initiative with the dramatic increase we've done with our part time sales force, or part time work force at the store over the last year and a half, really have put us in a position where we can relight that match pretty quickly in our store openings. Our ability to open stores and turn that on and off is night and day different today in a post OSP environment than it was in the late 1990's.
Willard Oberton: There's one other piece to it and it's internal, is I felt that the only way we were going to get all the other expenses pulled back quickly was throw the brakes on everything. Once we feel comfortable about our distribution costs, our transportation, all the other things that we're working on that we're really frozen up to the point we need to, then we can start opening up a little more investment into outside sales people and stores. But if you let some run wide open, you're not going to pull the rest back, so sometimes we have found, you pull it back tight and we're there right now. We believe we've done a nice job of that. I think our numbers show that. Now we can say, "Where is the best place to invest money?" It's with our best district managers and our best managers. We know that. History showed us that.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Willard Oberton and Mr. Dan Florness for any closing remarks.
Daniel Florness: I'd just like to thank everybody for listening on our call and as I think we've shown historically and I think we've talked about today, our optimism for the future is completely unchanged and our optimism on the market that's out there and our ability to market is completely unchanged. Right now we're searching for the bottom. So again, we have a solid footing to keep building the business on. And finally, one item I'd just like to mention, I'm not going to throw a name out, but over the years I've been with Fastenal for over 12 years, and over the years I've had the great benefit with being associated with a wonderful organization and a great group of people. Last week I was reading an article about one of our employees in North Carolina and it talked about this employee who had gone to work that day and figured he'd be selling fasteners and other industrial supplies, and there was a tanker truck that tipped over in front of our store. It had about 7,000 gallons of gasoline in it. The truck tipped over. The engine was running. Our employee along with another gentleman basically disregarded the fact that there was gasoline leaking from the vehicle and were able with the help of a pocket knife, cut this person loose from the vehicle. Their foot was trapped and they had to cut the persons' boot off and pull them away from the vehicle. After they got across the street the vehicle burst into flame. I throw that out not from a boastful standpoint, I throw it out, I'm proud of that individual. I'm proud to say that I work for the same organization as that individual. But I think that's true for a lot of the folks in our organization. I think we have a wonderful collection of people with servant's hearts and really care about the success of their customers at the end of the day. I'll get off my soapbox and everybody have a good week.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Willard D. Oberton  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel L. Florness  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company, LLC Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray Brent Rakers  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities 
Operator:  Welcome to the Fastenal Companys 2008 quarter three earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Todays call will be hosted by Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal hosts Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. In interest of time we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up only. As a reminder certain statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and thus perspective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which will cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  More information regarding such risk factors can be found in Fastenals quarterly and annual SEC filings. At this time Id like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. 
Willard D. Oberton : Dan and I are happy to report another solid earnings quarter or growth and earnings for our third quarter 2008. Were happy about that. Today when were speaking, the numbers were going to be talking about are taking out the $10 million charge for the class action suit. Were trying to normalize the numbers so we can talk in a comparison over last years. So, when we talk about growth numbers and earnings numbers were looking at it that way. As far as the sales trends, basically through September we have seen pretty much very little change in our sales trends. Our older stores continue to comp very positively. It was slightly lower in September but that was against a much more difficult comp in September of 2007. So, although we continue to invest at a higher level to grow our sales faster, it seems very steady as we go. Were going to continue to push hard to improve that number. We had another strong quarter on the margin. At the risk of repeating myself, Im going to list the same three factors. The first, and I think the strongest factor to our margin improvement, our largest factor would be the outside sales program, reminding you that most of these people are calling on the small to medium size customers. That program is going very well and on the average it carries about a 4% margin premium over the rest of our business. So, the outside sales people calling on small customers out growing the company and carrying a much higher margin. Second, is our pricing discipline, we continue to work very hard on that walking away from business that doesnt make any sense to us and doing a better job of that than weve done in several years. The third would be inflation to a lesser degree. The reason we dont get more out of the inflation is we run these 2,300 stores like independent businesses.  The store managers have a lot of discretion and theyre not going to push pricing increases until the costs go up to them and it starts pinching their bonus program so its a very natural market condition which prevents us from getting a lot of help on the way up but, it also helps us on the way down as things soften up so we think its a good system for our company to use and has worked well over history. From an expense standpoint, we did a good but not a great job. The fuel and utilities continued to beat us up pretty hard. I know fuel dropped off in September time frame but theres always a lag to that so it was still very high year-over-year. Our incentive pay was up nicely which is a positive because of the higher gross margin and similar sales growth. Our travel airline expense, mainly for training and sales events jumped year-over-year very sharply. That was due to the higher fuel price and higher airline tickets. But, it really jumped up in the last quarter, in the third quarter. Then, we had the legal fees from the class action suit, that added about $400,000 in the third quarter on top of about $700,000 that we had absorbed in the second quarter. That was in there that we didnt have last year. Some positives on the expense, we continue to do a great job on our freight program and the people who run that, the group that runs that, theyre really pushy. I get complaints almost regularly from other people in the company, Tell those guys to quit emailing us. I say, I just want to find more people like that, that are willing to push so hard to make the program work. Dan and his team have done a nice job along with our HR group on our insurances. That is not growing like the rest of our business and for years it outpaced the business so its a happy, good relief there. Then, weve done a nice job, I believe the folks have done a nice job on base labor increases. Our headcount is not growing as fast as sales, especially in the support area. So although our incentive pays are way up, the base labor is growing much slower which will help us if things do slowdown in the future. Were not predicting that but, if it does happen, if the economy slows in the next three to six months we have a lot lower base labor that is growing much less. Overall, from an earnings standpoint I think weve done a very good job in somewhat tough times. I think that just points to our continued confidence in our pathway to profit program that we really think we made a good decision, that our team has made a good decision in rolling out the pathway to profit and developing this new model for strategic growth. Id just like to point out a couple of things on the pathway to profit and then Im going to turn it over to Dan to talk about some of the expense and asset areas. But, if you look at the charts that we sent out with our press release, on page 3 of 7, last year we had 189 stores that were over $150,000 in revenue. This year that number grew by 42% to 269 stores. Now, looking at the average size of those stores, theyre each producing about $150,000 in operating profit per quarter. We have 73 less stores in the bottom category that are losing us money so its a little bit like musical chairs. Every store moves over one group.  But, if you take those 73 stores out of the bottom, take them right to the top, it doesnt actually work that way, thats really the key to pathway to profit. Everybody moves up a level, profitability moves up and not only do we have more stores in the higher category, the top category, the stores over $150,000, their operating profit went from 26% in the third quarter of 2007 to 28.3% in the third quarter of 2008.  So, they continued to improve, more stores are in to the category and its real simple. Weve taken about half of our growth dollars, the way we use to do it and weve deployed those in the older, more profitable stores so when we do grow the sales in those stores, a far higher percentage of it drops to the bottom line because theyre just more efficient businesses, theyre better ran businesses. From a future standpoint looking out there to where this thing can go, we still have about 88% of our stores in the lower categories and I believe most of the markets that were in support that $150,000 per month store or even greater. So, were just going to continue to invest in growing all of our stores but really focus on the medium to large stores as far as our growth investments. Well focus on all of them from a growth investment standpoint, its put the sales people in the best stores and watch them grow. With that, Im going to turn it over to Dan and then well open it up for questions. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness : Thank you for joining us on our call today. Ive a number of points that Ill cover. I think this will probably be one of our shorter calls because we laid out quite a few pieces in the earnings release and dont anticipate a ton of questions, but well see how that plays out. A few things I wanted to touch on, first off in the first paragraph we touched about the legal settlement. That cost us about $0.03. The cost of that $10 million settlement was reduced, as we disclosed in the earnings release, by about a $1.8 million reduction in profit bonuses paid out. Ill talk to those profit bonuses a little bit. Roughly speaking, it lowered our district manager bonuses about 25%. It lowered our regional leadership bonuses by about 30% and it lowered our national leadership bonuses by about 40%. Again, that was driven by the profit side equation. One point Ill make that while nobody in the organization was pleased with the settlement, was pleased with putting this issue behind us, or pleased with seeing their bonuses amounts reduced from a leadership perspective. Its also a case of I have a certain pride in the fact that while there were a handful of board members that talked to me and said, Boy, thats a pretty harsh impact.  My response to them is, Yes, it is and so was the $10 million settlement for our shareholders. I think its an equitable treating of the program and dont lose sight of the fact that our leadership is rewarded well and feel the pain when the profit growth does not occur. I think thats something to be cherished, especially in this age. The second thing Id add is while it did cause our bonus and labor numbers to drop by $1.8 million, there was no impact felt at the store level. Store level, as weve talked about in the past, is more about sales growth but more importantly gross profit growth. Whereas, that wasnt impacted at all due to this. Our store personnel did not feel any impact. I think thats important to know from the standpoint of the built in cushions, the built in measurements within our business that reward all of our personnel for sales, gross profit and pre-tax profit growth.  But also provides some cushions in the event that any of those numbers are impacted negatively either by the economy, or in this case, by an event during the quarter such as this legal settlement. If I look at our store pay, it represents about 65% of the payroll for the company. One item that we did this quarter that was a little bit unusual and that is we did release our September sales numbers early.  We did that, as indicated in the release, to let our shareholders know what had happened in our business since September. In this chaotic world were living in right now its nice to see some normalcy. And, when we get to end of fourth quarter and in to next year, we will go back to our typical pattern of releasing monthly sales numbers after the first and second months of the quarter and will not release until our earnings release the third month information. On store openings, it is still our intention to open 7% to 10% new stores this year. We will continue to push to add individuals in to the OSP position. And, on the administrative support side, you can expect to see that number hold steady through year end and in to the first few months of next year or drop slightly as any attrition will in virtually all cases not be replaced until we start getting in to next year and have a little more feeling for how the year is progressing. Pathway to profit, Will touched on all the points. One item I would point out again, we indicated both the impact before and after the $10 million settlement. Hopefully it was in an uncluttered fashion and again, we continue to see the morphing of our store mix as we had laid out last year and as Will touched on several minutes ago. Fuel prices, as Will touched on have moderated. During the quarter, our average diesel cost were approximately $4.38 a gallon. As of last week that diesel price nationwide had dropped to $3.88 so that gives us a nice tailwind coming in to the fourth quarter and in to the early part of next quarter as it relates to the impact of diesel. Those dollars are all in cost of goods. On the gasoline front, going in to our store delivery vehicles and our sales vehicles, that price for the quarter averaged $3.85. As of last week it was at $3.48 and I anticipate both of those numbers have dropped since last week.  Looking at the operating expense side of the equation, Ill just touch on some points and run through them fairly quickly. As we indicated in the sales release, sales grew at 17.1% for the quarter. Adjusted for days, thats 15.3%. Our payroll numbers grew, as I indicated, 14.2%. It would have been at 15.9% with the $1.8 million added back in. Support labor count going in to fourth quarter again, we anticipate no additions. In fact, the number is probably dropping slightly as we go through the balance of the quarter in to next year. Insurance, this is looking at general and health combined, we did see a leverage on that this quarter. That was against a fairly difficult comp looking at the third quarter of last year, 14.4% was our growth in insurance. Occupancy, we continue to push hard on occupancy especially as it relates to were through the CSP process earlier in this decade and are really pushing hard to gain leverage there.  One step I would put out there, and Im proud of our district managers and our regional leadership for this fact and that is when I look at the stores opened during calendar 2008, and compare it to stores open year-to-date in 2007, so Im really looking at we have a good chunk of stores opened thus far this year versus a good chunk last year. Our average rent paid on those new store were opening is about 15% below what it was running last year. What that tells me is that there are opportunities for good values to be had in the real estate market in todays environment. Our district and regional leadership are taking advantage of them. It also puts us in a lower base of expense going in to fourth quarter and more importantly in to next year and we are continuing to challenge that on all new store openings, on all store relocations and pushing hard on lease renewals or as were approaching lease renewals to negotiate very aggressively. Again, in exchange for a good tenant that has the ability to pay cash and will be here two, three, four years from now, a lot of landlords are very interested in that because cash is very precious in todays environment. The bad debt, a little painful in the quarter, a little painful year-to-date. What I can tell you is were taking a very aggressive stance on accessing collectability of receivables and were really doing that for a number of reasons. Probably the most important, a lot of our employees at the store levels, a lot of our employees at the district level might not have been in their role back in 2001 or back in early 1990s when you saw a very weak environment. We want to stay on top of our accounts receivable portfolio and Im pleased to say when I look at our ageings and I look at the overall quality of receivables, theyre in very good shape and we have a very good monitoring program for them. On the other front, as Will mentioned, the operating expenses contained that $10 million legal settlement and about $400,000 in legal costs. Those legal costs are behind us as we go in to the fourth quarter and as they were incurred early part of the quarter and there isnt any tail to that of cleaning up. From a working capital standpoint, just some general thoughts, as it relates to inventory, I was a little disappointed in our number, I think we should have been about $10 million lower where we ended up the quarter. Some things Ill throw in there that did cause the third quarter to increase, we did take advantage of some opportunities to beat some price increases to get some pricing on certain products. Those dollars and the inventory added will trickle off as we go in to the fourth quarter and in to the first. Its not a case of we changed the trend pattern, we took advantage of some dollars to stay ahead of some price increases. If I look at that overall increase from last year, about 40% of the year-over-year increase is driven either by new store openings or by inflation in the underlying commodities. On the accounts receivable side, the accounts receivable grew 19.5% year-over-year. Probably the biggest point I can make there is the accounts receivable at the end of any period, at the end of any quarter, at the end of the year are driven by the last 30 to 40 days of the quarter. As you saw, with the added business day in September, we had growth in September of about 26% and that translated in to accounts receivable growth of about 19.5%. Its very important to make that connection that its not about the average days of pay changing, its really a function of the calendar.  Some housekeeping items, I touched on briefly and hopefully this will avoid having to cover it on a question, in our supplemental data, we did not include the large customer information largely because we had reshuffled some of our business units and the numbers werent as meaningful. We believe those numbers are in the low double digits as far as growth. Will touched on some [OSP] information, hopefully you found that useful. Going in to fourth quarter there are some changes to the calendar Ill point out. In October well have 23 days which is a push to October of 2007. In November well have 19 days which is a drop of two business days from November of 2007. In the final month of the quarter, December, well have 20 business days which is an increase of one over prior year. So, the day we picked up in the third quarter will be given back in the fourth quarter as well have 62 days versus 63 a year ago. With that Ill turn it over to the operator for the Q&A session.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Two quick questions, first off you made a mention in the release of the budget effects of some of your customers in September with a different business day count. Can I then infer from that, that what youve seen in October which would be a month that has the same business days year-on-year that your sales from existing stores has improved from the September levels?
Daniel L. Florness : Really our point to putting it in there really gets back down to the dampening effect that you see in the daily average when you have added days. It really doesnt infer anything to October however, since October, as I mentioned a few minutes ago has the same number of business days, we would expect this to have no impact in October going in to the month.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Right but you had a dampening effect in September so all else equal October would be better than September in a vacuum?
Willard D. Oberton : The dampening effect is purely on a daily rate not on an absolute sales dollar number.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: Okay so have you seen October be similar? You said that the sales rate through September were fairly similar, is October a similar sort of run rate on a daily sales basis?
Willard D. Oberton : We dont comment on months in the middle of the quarter. Dan and I have made that mistake a few times before and every time we say its positive we end up the other way so we think were jinxing it when we bring it up so were really just commenting through September at this point.
Sam Darkatsh  Raymond James: My follow up question would be your store personnel and distribution manufacturing full-time equivalents fell sequentially from August to September. Is that just a funky way the month was playing out or how should we look at that based on pathway to profit and your inclination to add as many sales people as you can?
Willard D. Oberton : Really what it is, is that schools starting up, we have a lot of part-time people in our support system and if you look historical well lose, many years, well drop in September from August because we lose a lot of people going back to school and then we replace them in the September/October timeframe. Its kind of just a natural dip based on who we hire and when we hire them. Theres really nothing to be read in to it for September.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company, LLC.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company, LLC: Were all a little nervous about the economy right now with all the heightened economic uncertainty. Can you talk about if you saw a slowing, what tools are in the toolbox and actions would you take to prepare for a different environment going forward than perhaps youve seen in the recent past?
Willard D. Oberton : Well, were already because were going in to the fourth quarter which is always a slower period, were already looking hard at everything we do. Were slowing down some of our travel. As Dan said, were not going to add any support people throughout the rest of the year until we get better clarity on where the economy is really going from our standpoint.  We have the flexibility or as Dan put it, the cushion built in to our labor model so as sales growth slows the bonuses, the incentive pays drop dramatically. So we have that going for us. If things get real ugly, then we start looking at store openings. One thing that we have going for us today that we wouldnt have had seven or eight years ago in a slowdown is our pathway to profit and the proven strategy of outside sales people. We may be a little quicker to pull back our store openings then we would have in the past, continue to add the sales people and when the economy picks back up drop the brick and mortar in to the zones and the business is already there and growing. So, weve talked about a lot of different things but, were very, very committed to grow our company and grow our earnings. Because, as you know Jeff, if the earnings dont grow there are a lot of people within our organizations whos bonuses arent going to grow. So, were very committed to making it happen going forward in any environment.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company, LLC:   A follow up to that, have you estimated the sales growth rate that represents the inflection point between positive earnings leverage and negative earnings leverage? And, how low does that go this cycle versus perhaps the slowdown we had in 2001?
Willard D. Oberton : Its much lower than the slowdown we had in 2001 because weve made so many changes. I believe in 2001 it was about 19% to 20% which is actually down from about 26% to 28% in the mid 90s. Today, we estimate that level in the very low double digits, 10% to 11%. We did some modeling on it about three to four months ago and not much has changed. Some of the things that are going to change that Jeff are what happens with fuel, utilities, things like that and how quickly we would pull back store openings. Because, behind labor, occupancy is our second biggest expense. So, its below where we are by probably four points. Wherever our growth is today is what I mean.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Can you comment on the impact of pricing on the quarter? But also, I know that you put through several price increases, I think you had another one queued up for the end of Q3 heading in to Q4, can you talk about sort of the status of that price increases as well as the impact on the quarter?
Willard D. Oberton : The impact on the quarter is very similar to what we had in the second quarter because our September 1st price increase was the lowest one that weve had in the year. Not that weve seen anything going down yet but, the increases have flattened out or softened so we decided not to push any harder than we had to. It looked like maybe we were getting close to the top of where it was going to go. So, were saying  I believe we stated three to four points in the second quarter and were still very comfortable with that. Thats about where it is. Part of the reason it hasnt grown as much is the anniversarying over 07 increases with the RMB inflation or the Chinese tax changes or subsidy, whatever you want to call them, its basically what it is. Going forward, its a little bit murky but steel prices have dropped in the last month or so on a world market. We believe that will be coming through.  What were actually doing right now is weve slowed our purchasing down trying to see where it goes. We dont believe prices are going to go up so weve said, Were going in to the fourth quarter, we dont need as much product. Our sales will be down slightly. Weve pulled our purchases back just a little bit, dont do any speculation and if prices drop we can take advantage of it and turn our higher priced inventory more quickly. And, as you saw in our margin numbers, weve been able to pass the higher prices through very successfully as we go through the inflationary period in the first three quarters of this year. Do you want to add anything Dan? 
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Sort of following up on that, your SG&A growth, your SG&A expenses have grown at a rate faster than revenues the last few quarters and that has been offset nicely by the gross margin also going up. But, part of the gross margin I guess is a function of the accounting treatment for your inventory and so I guess Im kind of curious, when you look forward to 2009 in an environment where youre going to sort of catch up on the accounting treatment and where pricing isnt going up any further, is there a natural sort of offset to SG&A wherein if gross margin comes off because of that accounting treatment that SG&A [inaudible] sales ratio should also come off? Or, should we be concerned that maybe some of the impetus for gross margin increase is going away in 2009 and yet the SG&A level is so high?
Daniel L. Florness : A few things Ill throw out there. When Will was talking earlier, he talked about the drivers of the gross margin expansion being three things: the outside sales program; the discipline in pricing in general; and then the impact of inflation. He listed them in that order for a reason, inflation is the smallest impact.  When I look at going in to  you know the added pricing, thats in our cost today. Its been working in to our cost over the past 12 months because of our FIFO accounting. But, as you look in to what offsets there are, the biggest one relates to the store pay because the store pay is linked directly to  its a sales growth driven formula but it levers up and levers down based on gross margin. So, 65% of our payroll dollars are physically at the store and that has grown well above company sales numbers for really the past four or five quarters but especially the last three. Thats a cushion thats built in, a cushion we prefer not to use but its a cushion thats built in. Just like on the profit side you saw that bear out this quarter, the profit bonuses paid on the support side, whether that be at the district region or national level, had a cushion built in on the profitability.
Willard D. Oberton : Theres one other point that I would throw in and that is about 40% of our product movement cost that goes in cost of goods is outside carriers. That will go down if fuel goes down, that will go down if the economy slows which will improve our margin. And, our internal costs will go down as fuel drops so that will also improve our margin. So, there are forces in both directions, we think on the whole it will probably equal out to normalize about where it is.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company: I guess the first clarification is what was the FIFO benefit to gross margin in the third quarter that you can tell Dan?
Daniel L. Florness : You know, what we saw earlier in the year is that it was running about 50 basis points. Weve pegged that number right now somewhere between 30 and 40. Its dropping because product turns about six months so the prices we were paying in the early part of this year were going through cost of goods in the third quarter and so youre probably still looking at 30 on the low side, maybe 40 on the high side. But, that number is moderating.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company: Then could you talk about the companys sales growth trends across MRO customers, OEM customers and your non-residential construction customers? What did you see through the quarter?
Willard D. Oberton : What we saw through the quarter is the MRO business continues strong. The construction business remains strong because most of our commercial construction business isnt building office towers and things like that, its working in the energy industry. Wind energy is doing very, very good, general petroleum down in the Gulf Coast, were doing great up in the Edmonton area in the oil sands. So, those areas are all going well. We also do a lot of commercial construction on road and bridge work which the government is till spending pretty heavily. The only area weve seen weakness is really the large industrial companies and Dan had stated earlier that our large business we estimate to grow just over 10%. And, Im not sure if thats a slowdown in business which it may be but I think some of it is being cautious. Ive actually had the opportunity to be in the offices of several of our large customers in the last probably six weeks and most of them are saying, Business is pretty good. Its kind of knock on wood cross your fingers mentality. Theyre visibility isnt great either but overall their business still remain pretty strong with a very cautious tone.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: The mix of fastener sales moved higher in the quarter which Ive usually thought of associated with stronger economic conditions. Can you explain this mix shift in the quarter?
Daniel L. Florness : It did tick up slightly. You know, its hard sometimes to really peg that. Youve seen it tick up in consecutive quarters now, this is the third consecutive quarter now where it ticked up and theres certain things that assist it. I think the OSP program quite frankly is part of the reason because you think about a new person selling, youre going to sell what youre best at. Youre going to sell what you really have great supply on and where you can differentiate yourself. The people youre talking to, where you can gain the most experience. I look at a lot of the training materials that we provide through the school of business and you really see the wealth of knowledge that we have in that fastener area. So, I think thats a piece of it because as you see the inflation impact which has been a driver of it, has been moderating as we look at it sequentially. 
Willard D. Oberton : I think one of the biggest things Mike is that were pounding hard on margin and fasteners by far are our highest margin product and so if I could only sell one thing, Im going to sell fasteners. We are really good at distributing fasteners in to the marketplace and people know that and our stores and outside sales people are pushing it because they want to pay themselves. The run like small businesses.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: A follow up on I guess a unrelated topic a bit, but on sales rep hiring, it slowed down in the month of September. Can you describe your plans over the next three to six months, will that pick back up to the mid teens rate?
Daniel L. Florness : Theres always a natural bias as we come in to the tail part of the year. One of the things thats caused it to moderate some, the further we get away from April 2007, the comp numbers if you will of OSPs tends to moderate a little bit. Because, the rate at which youre adding, especially in the last four months of last year are really playing in to the year-over-year comparison numbers. We are continuing to add OSPs, well continue to push hard at OSPs.  Probably well moderate some probably similar to the mid teens like were seeing now rather than where we were seeing in the upper teens earlier in the year. Its a function of comp. And, we had also indicated in the past when our growth is nearing 15, the OSP growth is going to be pulling down in that range. If, on the other hand, our daily growth was averaging upper teens, maybe even low 20s, that number would be driving in to the upper teens as well.
Willard D. Oberton : One thing that I would add is were in a better position as an organization than weve ever been to add outside sales people because over the last year weve almost doubled our headcount in part-time associates, people in the stores to about 3,000. So now, in our more mature regions, probably about 70% to 80% of our company, our plan is when we do add outside sales person theres a greater than 90% chance they will come out of our part-time ranks which allows us to do it much smoother. So, if I have someone working in a store, I know they want full-time work, I can plan it very nicely instead of saying, Hey I need a job in November. No, if youd like youll go full-time with us, well start you January 1, which is perfect for us, many people will understand that and theyll wait for the opportunity. Weve never had that luxury as an organization before and its here because weve improved or increased our investment in part timers at such a level that we have all these people out there looking for full-time opportunities. And, considering a slowing economy, theres even more of them that are going to want to stay with Fastenal to develop their careers. So, Im very excited about that. Ive been out to a lot of managers meetings in the last couple of months and I talk about it everywhere that this is our future. These 3,000 people are Fastenals future. A very flexible work model.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brent Rakers  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Dan, I just wanted to follow up, Im trying to understand a little bit more about the sensitivity of payroll and SG&A to the gross margin movements. You referred to I think 30 to 40 bips estimated benefit from FIFO in the quarter to gross margin. Could you maybe translate how much of that impact would have been to increasing payroll cost in the quarter?
Willard D. Oberton : Are you saying if we didnt have that how much lower would our labor have been? Is that the question?
Brent Rakers  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Thats exactly the question.
Willard D. Oberton : Typically, if our gross margin goes up $1, 25% of that goes in to store incentive, $0.25. Then, on top of that, we have district and regional incentives so its probably about 35% of that. So, if we picked up 30 bips we would have got 10 of them back.
Brent Rakers  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Then just the last question, I think you guys had mentioned this the last couple of quarters, but do you have a number in terms of what the total commission and bonus component was up year-over-year and it may be pro forma for the charge?
Daniel L. Florness : I dont have that handy. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets: Will, Im wondering if you can comment a little bit you noted in the September sales data that ISM had surprised you. The kind of gulf that was there leads me to believe that youd seen some fairly big ticket pull back industrially. Transportation as an example, auto, airlines, etc. where they were pulling back steel purchases. Is that accurate? Have you been able to see enough to get some feel as to why the discrepancy and how thats likely to play for you?
Willard D. Oberton : We havent seen a lot of the big pull back like you described. But, were not doing much in the auto industry and places like that. What I mean by being surprised is we estimated our sales, Dan and I, at the beginning of the quarter look when were doing our earnings estimates and we believed at that point back in July that September would come in about 13.8% daily growth rate because we had a very good September in 07. Well, we came in at 14.4% so we were actually positive. So, if somebody had asked me where I thought the ISM was I would have said, Its probably about where it was 49, somewhere in there, I think thats what we had in August. When it came out at 43.3 I was going, Wow, either were doing a fantastic job or theres something going on in there that we dont understand. It may be the hurricanes and some of the energy production. I dont know exactly how that works. So, my comment was based on our daily trends we were surprised by that low of a number. 
Daniel L. Florness : Mike, the only thing Id add to that is the ISM tends to be a little bit of a peak. Its a confidence index so its a little bit of a peak possibly in the future as well. And, it didnt really set with, as Will mentioned a few minutes ago, over the last two of the six weeks hes been travelling and hes met face-to-face with a lot of our larger customers and were just not  Im not saying things are rosy because theyre not but were not hearing the type of dialog or discussion with those customers that would lend itself to an ISM dropping so dramatically.
Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets: Then also Will, on your comments on seeing more caution in the big companies, typically thats exactly what wed expect in a slowing environment, correct?
Willard D. Oberton : I think so. But, part of it with the big companies is theyre more cautious by nature because theyre public companies and outside people are looking at them a lot closer. The medium sized companies, if it slows down a little bit, if I still have cash flow, Im going to continue to hammer away whereas if youre a big large public company you cant do that.  Were taking it literally one day at a time looking at our sales numbers, trying to understand whats going on. Looking at it regionally, we didnt really see anything regionally in September that points that its slow north or south or whatever, it was a very similar trend to what weve seen through the last two or three months, or even the last two or three quarters. Its very interesting to watch because when you look at the ISM youd think there would have been a big drop in September, there just wasnt.
Operator:  Well take our next question from John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities. 
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: Just a housekeeping question, Dan I think I may have misheard you, I think you said December this year you have 20 days?
Daniel L. Florness : We have 20 business days. The impact is the 26th which is the Friday after Christmas, we are actually closed that day.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: And youre not  I was trying to use a similar calendar for some of the other distributors, so youre not open on Christmas Eve or New Years Eve either than?
Willard D. Oberton : Were open New Years Eve.
Daniel L. Florness : On Christmas Eve a lot of stores might be open for half a day. New Years Eve we are open for the full day. It is the 26th the day after Christmas, its a Friday that we will be closed.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: So I would count then, if youre open all the days except for Christmas and the 26th wouldnt that be 21 days?
Daniel L. Florness : Historically weve never counted Christmas Eve day as a business day. 
Willard D. Oberton : We dont sell much on Christmas Eve day.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: So its more of an accounting, just the way you look at it from a comp standpoint.
Daniel L. Florness : Yes. But, thats true of all of our historical numbers. None of them include Christmas Eve day as a day.
Operator:  That does conclude our question and answer session today. At this time Id like to turn the call back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Daniel L. Florness : Thank you to everybody on the call. Hopefully you found this a useful way of peering in to Fastenal and seeing what were seeing in the market. We look forward to a good fourth quarter and a good 2009. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Willard D. Oberton  President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel L. Florness  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nicholas J. Lundquist  Executive Vice President Sales
Analysts: Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.  Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Co. Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Fastenal Company fiscal second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) The call will be hosted by Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will start with a general overview by our sessional hosts Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers.  As a reminder, certain statements contained in this presentation are not historical facts or forward-looking statements and thus perspective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking results. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenals quarter and annual SEC filings. 
Willard D. Oberton: Id like to start by saying that I believe we had a very good quarter and I think the people in the Fastenal team did a great job producing profits and growing our business. I want to thank all of our Fastenal people that may be listening today. Starting out with sales growth, I would categorize our sales growth as okay for the quarter. We came in just over 16%. June came in just about almost exactly where May was. The trend in that mid to upper teens number and, as I said, thats okay. The reason Im not real excited about it is that were investing at a slightly higher level and we would expect a little more.  I am very happy though with the older store growth. Our older stores grew 11.2% in June. Theyre actually doing very well. I think the reason why our stores are doing well is because of our investment in outside sales people.  We have noticed a trend though in our large account business has slowed down. If you look in the supplemental information the strategic account only grew 12%, down from 14% in the first quarter. We think thats mainly economic, the headwind just a little stronger with the big accounts, but we made that up with the small accounts with our outside sales program.  Were very happy with the results that weve had with the outside sales program. Looking at information, actually, this is not the June information. Its from earlier in the quarter. I did not have all the June information in. But the outside sales people, we looked at the group that have been with us since the beginning of the year. They were employed in 2007 and before. About 1,762 people. That group of sales people is growing at about 28% year over year.  Theyre growing much faster than the company. Theyre producing about 28% to 30% of our revenue in any given month. When you look at that theyre actually producing about more than half of our sales growth with only 1,800 people. You back up and you say what is going on there? Were calling in the small accounts that we dont have. Were adding customers at a faster rate.  Another very positive thing about the outside sales program is that the margin that this group is producing is about 300 to 350 basis points higher than the company average. Again, because theyre calling on the small accounts. The big accounts are slower, typically lower margin. Small accounts are growing faster, typically higher margin. Thats probably the biggest difference in our gross margin, one of the biggest differences in the improvement in our gross margin. So very happy with the outside sales program. Were starting to track some of our problems with the under performers. I think our people in the field are doing a great job of that trying to sort through and see what works and what doesnt. And also developing our tools that the outside sales people use. We just upgraded our software on the handheld computers again making it faster, making it more efficient, and getting a higher adoption rate of that technology. So overall, sales growth okay, but a lot of bright spots in there. The margin, were very happy with the margin. As I said, the outside sales program is probably the biggest reason our margin has grown. The second reason is discipline. Third I would say is were keeping up with the prices increases. Ill talk about inflation a little later in the call, but I think our group is doing a good job of keeping up. I dont think were really getting ahead. I dont think the market will allow us to get ahead because its in competitive times and when you go to raise prices you get questioned. Ive been on a lot of those calls myself and theyre not very much fun, but thats business. I think one other reason our margin is improving is our [Fastco] trading continues to find new products, better sources throughout the world. Our freight initiative, even in the times of fuel where it is, we continue to make improvement and Dans going to cover that a little more on his part. And the NRI expansion. So a lot small things that are making a big difference in the profitability of Fastenal. Expense control, I think we did a good job in expense control. We did not leverage our expenses and its really two reasons. The formula I put down, high margin plus profit growth equals high commissions, bonus, and profit sharing. Thats really the first one is that we talk about our programs heavily levered to gross margin, sales growth, gross margin, and profit growth. Sales growth wasnt really a factor here at 16%. It doesnt lever up hard. But the gross margin in the profit growth really drives bonuses. Its a very high grade problem. Its good for our employees and usually whats good for our employees is good for our shareholders.  Then the other expense area would be fuel. Fuel added incrementally about $2 million more than it would have had the price per gallon been about the same. That doesnt include energy costs. I did not pull out the utility energy costs. We know theyve grown tremendously just because of the cost of gas and electricity due to again the higher energy costs.  Overall I think we did a very nice job in expense control. Even without being able to leverage we did a lot of things well.  Earnings growth, driven by the sales in profitability, or sales margin, excuse me. Twenty-point-five-percent pre-tax. I went back and you have to go all the way back to 1995 to find a quarter when Fastenal was able to report pre-tax earnings at 20.5%. I think theres only one or two quarters in our history that we are over 20.5% and they are both in 1995. Im very proud of what everyone did. Hard work, but we knew we would get there if we worked hard.  Earnings growth of 26%, also a very good number. We picked up 170 basis points improvement year over year. That goes to our pathway to profit discussion or the discussions weve been having over the last year. Our internal goal is 100 basis points. We got a little bit of a run on it here. Were very excited about that.  The pathway to profit, a little bit of a recap. Average store size grew 7.8%. Were happy with that, but we really need about 9% or 10% to hit our long-term goal. Were going to have to push and hopefully push our top line revenue up as the economy picks up a little bit or as maybe we can execute at a slightly higher level. Were not real disappointed, but slightly disappointed with that. Our pre-tax profit growth, as I just said, 170 basis points far exceeded our goal. Our return on assets, one of the other things we stated would be improved. Looking at a mid-year snapshot, its a little difficult because its not year end, but second quarter rose 7% over second quarter 2008 went from 20.4% to 22.1%. Very nice improvement on the return on our assets.  The other one that probably not quite as good is were a little bit behind on our store openings. Very confident that well get caught up. All of our people have their plans in place to get the stores open in the third and very early in the fourth quarter. Were going to hit our numbers for the year. Were not worried about that. But as we stated in the past, it works better the earlier we can open the stores in the year the better off we are. So a little work to do there, but generally a very positive report on pathway to profit and, as I said earlier in my comments, the outside sales program is starting to gain more traction internally. The last thing I want to talk about before I turn it over to Dan are some of the inflationary pressures that were seeing. It almost all hinges around our steel product. We break out our products, as you see, 50% of our revenue is driven by fasteners. But its really about half of that or 25% of our overall product thats greatly affected by steel. Its the commodity fastener. Its the nuts, the bolts, the washers that are the heavy steel parts that have a very high component of their cost driven by steel. Ill give you a little bit of history of how it came through. Back in July of 2007 the Chinese government repealed the VAT tax. That was 13% tax, they brought it down to 5%. There was an 8% increase in our product. That hit about 10% of our cost of goods and added about 80 basis points to our costs. Now, when you think about this, its about a nine-month cycle from the time we place an order till we sell the product. It takes 90 to 120 days to receive the product and then we turn the product just over two times a year, so theres another six months. The product that went up that we purchased, say the middle of July of last year, would have sold through at the end of the first quarter or something like that. That 80 basis points is fully baked in.  Later in the fall, September or October, they started revaluing the RMV or the Yuan in China and another about 10% increase added another 1.1% on 10% of our spend, added 1%, thats pretty much fully loaded into the second quarter. The real inflation started in January of this year when steel just went on fire. Its right after the Asian steel companies agreed to the 68%, 67%, 68% increase in ore and everything went crazy. That is just coming through right now as incrementally its a long path. As I said, nine months. Some comes through quickly because you buy it and sell it; some goes over a long period of time.  The other piece, and that part is a 20% to 40% increase on a select group of our products that will probably translate into 4% to 5.5% of gross or inflation by the end of this year. Now, some of that will be offset with the things were doing with Fastco with all the other initiatives we have going, but we will see more inflation later in the year as a product that were buying in the second quarter sells out in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. Were just trying to give you a better understanding of that.  One other part thats added to our inflation, and this is probably 20 to 30 basis points, is the fuel increase. Transportation both on the ground, on the water, on the rail. Transportation is up everywhere we look. Its difficult to get an exact number because its thousands of purchasing transactions and millions of sales transactions put together. But both Dan and I have worked hard on this and our best estimate today is that we have between 3 and 3.5 percentage points of our growth coming from inflation based on all the things were seeing, all the price increases weve pushed. Thats our best estimate today with it going up a little bit, a couple more points later in the year. With that, Im going to turn it over to Dan. Dans going to give you some more colour on the balance sheet, which I want to thank Dan for doing a great job of managing our assets, especially on the inventory side. We did a really, I believe these people have done a really good job on that. Thank you.
Daniel L. Florness: Thanks, Will. Good morning, everybody, and again thanks for your time to listen in on our call today. Im going to run through the press release and touch on some points in somewhat of a Paul Harvey fashion. Ill start with page one. Just a couple comments that I noted on the sales trends that we scheduled out. The five-plus, the two-plus, and the oil category, solid, consistent daily trends throughout the quarter, throughout the month. The one item that isnt in our press release but is in our supplemental data, our 10-plus year old stores grew at 10.7% in the month of June on a daily basis. Thats a number that is off the chart. The same month a year ago that grew at 4.4% and that was the third highest month of the year in 2007. It wasnt a case of it was an easy comparison by any means.  When I look at April, April was lifted a little bit by the Easter shift. May and June followed with nice, strong growth. Again, as Will touched on, with investment from (inaudible) we believe it should be better than that number, but solid growth nonetheless. Some items on page two and three as related to the past profit. We are executing as expected from the store growth and head count growth standpoint. It could be a little bit higher on the store growth piece. To reiterate our stated goals, store growth 7% to 10%. Last year we targeted that 8% number. Well be similar to that this year. Store [SCE] growth looking at upper teens, DC and manufacturing [FTE] growth, upper single digits. And admin and sales support, lower single digits. Thats really where our thinking is at is where we probably should be growing and we are executing within that framework. Some items on the store statistics that we break out on the top of page three. Youre starting to see what we talked about a year ago when we first talked about passing a profit. Really what were doing over a five-year period is were morphing the mix of stores such that the percentage of stores that are in the categories one and two will over time flip with categories four and five, which will drive our average store from the $75,000 to $80,000 a month neighbourhood it is today to about $125,000 at the end of five years would be our goal. You can see, especially in group one and group five, that shift is pointedly starting to occur as 17% of our stores are now in that first group versus over 20 a year ago and 11% in that fifth group versus 9% a year ago. As Will mentioned, our average store size went from $74,300 to $80,100 a month. An increase of 7.8%. Looking at pages three and four on fuel trends, fuel is taking its toll. Quantifying some of the figures in there again, about half of those dollars you see are included in cost of goods. Its the diesel going into our transportation fleet. Our semi fleet. About half of those dollars going into the pickup trucks that we have for our store delivery vehicles. A few things to point out last year that we saw this year is the trend during the quarter was rising each month of the quarter similar to the trend we saw last year. What we saw last year was June and July really peaked and you saw some moderation of the gasoline prices in the August-September time frame. The gross margin on the bottom of page four, Im going to touch on a number of points there. The points we touch on increase the gross margin on business with a lower than a couple of margin. Thats really about discipline and where we want that lowest margin point to be on what is good business. Were challenging that very hard and bringing up that bottom. Thats a meaningful piece of the improvement on our gross margin.  The fact that one that Will touched on staying ahead of the inflationary increases, in the first quarter we cited an estimate, and this is an estimate, its very difficult to perfectly pinpoint the impact of the gross margin expansion looking at our rightful costing of inventory because theres so many pieces that come into play. The product, the shift thats occurring because of Fastco, the product thats sourced at the store level, the varying quantities at which were sourcing at can dramatically influence the price per pound of the product were buying. But we estimated in the first quarter about 50 basis points of our margin improvement was related to that. In the second quarter we feel thats dropped about half to about 25 basis points of our gross margin is attributed to pure inflation. Again, thats a rough estimate.  As Will touched on, improvements in our direct sourcing. The Fastco organization that we created some years ago continues to find new opportunities for sourcing our products and improving our gross margin overall.  Fourth item, our freight initiative. On a year-over-year basis, earlier I touched on the fuel costs and what theyre doing. On a year-over-year basis our overall freight number thats in cost of goods we picked up 30 basis points of gross margin. Again, I repeat, our gross margin improved 30 basis points on a year-over-year basis looking at all freight components. Some years ago Bob Kierlin wrote the book The Power of Fastenal People. When I look at this quarter theres two powers, theres the power of Fastenal people and theres the power of Fastenal trucking and logistics in general. They were a big part of our improvement year over year. A lot of it is about what alternative we use to move product around North America. Are we sending it on one of Fastenals trucks? Are we using a third-party LPL shipper or are we using a third-party small parcel shipper? Weve done a very nice job of continuing to challenge ourselves in our day-to-day thinking on sending more and more product on the Fastenal truck even though costs are going up on our fleet as well as external fleets. We still have a 10-to-1 cost advantage when we send it on one of our trucks. So even with added costs there, if we can migrate some stuff from the $10 category to the $1 category it doesnt take a lot of math to figure out thats a dramatic win. Ill throw out an example. If you look at the end of the second quarter. We had 2,272 stores. Now our average small parcel shipment that we do today is somewhere between $10 and $15. If I use the low end of that range, the $10, that means if we were able to reduce one shipment a day, one small parcel shipment a day, in each of our stores that would save us roughly $23,000 a day. With 64 business days in the month that would save us just under $1.5 million in the quarter. If we were able to accomplish that. That $1.5 million number is approximately 25 basis points. Thats the type of math you need to go through to understand how are we improving our gross margin when it comes to freight.  I applaud [Chris Stefenback], whos been leading that charge in our logistics group, and his team that are really making that happen day in and day out. Its just through sheer persistence. I think I get more emails in my inbox from Chris than I do anybody else in the organization throughout the month. The fifth item, product availability in network. That really touches on the master stocking hub concept we talked about several years ago. That does two things for us. It allows us to source the product more efficiently rather than when we do it one at a time at the store level. It also allows us to move that product more efficiently. So some of our freight improvement is occurring because of what were doing in Indianapolis. But thats having a very nice improvement.  The second half of that product availability is Fastenal becoming much more effective, much more efficient at moving and making all product available to all customers at all stores. And thats through our store-to-store transfer program we call Inventory Redistribution. Its really about having great visibility and efficient means to move that inventory around. Today our average store transfers three items a day to another store in the company, which in the month of June translated into about $140,000 picks that occurred and transfers that occurred that were at the store level on top of what were doing at the distribution centre level. A few other items to note, Will touched on it. Our OSP program. That in and of itself has a positive bias over time to our gross margin. The fact that the large comp business is running a little bit slower, that is a positive bias as well.  One item I would point out, if youre looking at year-over-year numbers. The gross margin last year was unusually low by about 60 basis points because of the implementation of our ERP system and a true-up we had in the second quarter of 2007 which lowered the gross margin about 60 basis points to 50.6.  Looking at the operating expense side of the equation, pleased to see another quarter where were leveraging our occupancy. Thats one of the key points within our pathway to profit. In the first quarter our occupancy went up about 10.9%. In the second quarter about 9%. Year to date about 10%. Our personnel in the field, our district managers, our regional VPs, our regional finance manager is doing a great job managing that expense and being very careful about store relocations and what were paying for the new stores were going into.  One program that were doing on the energy side of the equation is were doing what we call our top end opportunities. Thats looking at stores with the highest 10% occupancy cost per square feet in a given region and going and affecting that and making change in that store. Were making nice headway on that to lower our energy consumption costs.  Payroll, as Will mentioned, we did have a negative leverage in payroll, as we saw in the first quarter. Thats one of those good problem situations. Payroll really is linked to our ability to grow our gross profit dollars and our ability to grow our pre-tax dollars. Were doing a nice job with both. Its causing our payroll to increase quite dramatically in the short term because of the added profitability that were enjoying as an organization. Again, occupancy is about 20% of our SG&A. Payroll is about 70%. The other 10% is dominated by the vehicles in our fleet and the insurance we leverage nicely. The fuel, as we touched on, that had negative leverage within our operating expenses. All other expenses with operating expenses I feel we did a really nice job of managing when looking at data on a sequential basis and year over year. Working capital on the bottom of page five. AR and inventory leveraged quite nicely. Im very pleased to see that happening. Theres two inherent negative bias points that are in play right now. One, when it comes to accounts receivable. Again, we continue to lower our days to collect improve our overall AR in general. Thats in the face of a weaker economy, which would tend to in many cases slow payment patterns down a little bit and increase your exposure. We have not seen either. Our team is doing a great job with maintaining our progress on the accounts receivable growth. The inventory, the natural bias that we have in there thats negative is the inflation that we touched on. Most of our increase on a year-over-year basis is really to inflation. Weve done a nice job of managing that asset through our distribution centres and in our store level. I believe we have ample opportunity to continue to improve that going forward. We have great momentum there and I feel that will continue to improve as we go through the year and into next. Looking at our cash flow statement, very nice performance year to date. Operating cash flow as a percentage of earnings came in at 79.5%. Now, our stated goal is to be in that 80% to 90% category on an annual basis. The first six months is usually difficult because of the working capital growth and the tax payments that occur in the first half of the year. But close to an 8% number for six months is very good. Historically that number $0.50 to $0.70 on the dollar. Again, thats looking at operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings.  Will touched on the return on assets for the trailing 12 months. This year, 22.1% versus 20.4%. Our average total assets measured at the June, December and June snapshots, increased 13% year over year, whereas our profits on a trailing 12-month basis are up 22.4%. One item Id also point out, at the end of last year in our year-end report we cited our CapEx for the year would be about $77 million. I now anticipate that number to be closer to $85 million to $86 million. The drivers of that change would include two primary components: one, the distribution expansion thats going on at Indianapolis and Dallas, some of the steel thats going into the ASR systems come a little bit higher than our original estimate, as well as we bought some adjoining land in Indianapolis. The second piece relates to our smart store program, our vending, and the CapEx thats going into that program this year. Thats vending where were putting it in customer locations. Its a very attractive return. A couple items of note from our press releases last night, we announced our second half dividend of $0.27 per share versus the $0.25 per share we paid out in the first half of this year. In the for what its worth department, since we went public in 1987 weve paid out about $315 million in dividends. Forty-six percent of that number has been paid out in the last two years. Just in the for what its worth. Finally, we did increase our share buy-back authorization. We had $800,000 authorization. We bumped that up to $1.8 million that we currently are authorized to buy back in the open market.  With that, Ill turn it back over to Anthony for the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)Your first question comes from Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company: One of the comments I was curious about was on page three of your press release where you show the pre-tax margin by size and age of store. Generally speaking youve done really, really well there, but theres one small anomaly in some of the younger stores that seems you have contracted the margin year over year. Any insight into whats going on there?
Willard D. Oberton: Whats going on there, Jeff, is thats where weve added outside sales people into those stores. Both Dan and I had the same question, what happened? Were investing more in the smaller stores to grow the business faster.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company: Its because we have more resources in there its taking slightly longer to ramp up or we have many younger sales people that are still ramping up. Is that the conclusion?
Willard D. Oberton: No, the conclusion is we have more people. Remember, were putting part time people in all of our stores. We use to start with two, now we have three people in every store. Were putting more resources in the stores earlier to grow them faster.
Daniel L. Florness: Jeff, one item Id add into that. If you recall last year when we were first talking about the pathway to profit, I think the zero to 50 category, which was the sweet spot of our inventory, had an operating margin at that point just north of 24%. We are getting a company number of 23%. 
Willard D. Oberton: Not zero to 50, above.
Daniel L. Florness: The 100 to 150, we were targeting a 23% number and the thought process was that all groups, because were adding people at a faster clip, there would be a slight dampening in all five groups or really groups two through five because of that added labour cost were introducing. Whats really offset it, if you look at year over year as our gross margin expansion has offset it in all the groups, but in that group that you talk about, the issue there is if you add a part time person or a full time person a store it just swings the needle too much as a percentage of sales. 
Willard D. Oberton: It doesnt take a big expense on a $30,000 store to $100,000 for the quarter. You add $3,000 labour you lose three points of operating profit.
Jeffrey Germanotta  William Blair & Company: Does it cause you to think about how you allocate that labour to newer or more staff? 
Willard D. Oberton: Absolutely not, we want those stores to grow. That one point on that group of stores is nothing. If you look at the top group of stores, I think we added about 55 stores into the over 150. If you look at those stores and say they do $2 million. Say its $150,000 a month, roughly $2 million. At 28% operating profit every store going in there is worth about 20 of those ones that lost a point or 30 or 40. The faster we get them to the top the better we are. If anything, well invest more and if we lose a little bit more on the bottom or lose a little ground on the bottom well make it up in spades for years to come.  . 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: During the first half of the year you were up about 150 basis points on the operating margin. I know youve stayed at a 100 basis point target for the full year. What are some of the factors that would lead to exceeding that 100 basis points or what would be some of the factors that would be a drag in the second half of the year to pull it down to your target for the year?
Willard D. Oberton: Were not working to pull it down to our target. 
Daniel L. Florness: I think the biggest factor is the gross margin expansion. Thats caused it to accelerate. Because if you really, were off the map of just slowing morphing the stores and getting some leverage on occupancy. Getting some leverage on labour and other costs. It would naturally happen there. But the gross margin is really whats leveraged it up even faster.
Willard D. Oberton: Also, because of the higher gross margin weve been willing to add more outside or continue to add people into the stores. At 16% top line revenue, if we had not seen the gross margin expansion we would have added fewer sales people. Weve been a little more liberal with our additional sales people because we can.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: You mentioned the 3% to 3.5% inflation impact to sales in the first or I believe in the second quarter. I was wondering if you could give us that figure for the month of June, if you could.
Willard D. Oberton: I think its probably about the same, Mike. We really looked at the core, but it doesnt change rapidly because somebodys anniversarying product coming in. We didnt break it out that way, but I think its pretty accurate for the month of June also. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company.
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company: Dan, just a follow up on the gross margin question, earlier in the discussion it was pointed out that costs are going to be accelerating even further in the back half of the year. I would expect that FIFO accounting eventually starts to work against gross margin. How should we think about the gross margin rate in the back half of the year?
Daniel L. Florness: Well, when I look at the components that make up the gross margin we have today and the permits we have today, the piece at risk is that 25 basis points. Rough number. That is inflation that is going to be waning. The added costs that were seeing and that we saw the first of this year, youll really be seeing those costs late in the third quarter and theyll be baked in by start of the fourth. And then the real challenge for us is, and the market place in general, staying with that wave as it comes through. But again, that last increase worked out to about 40 to 50 basis points of inflation. When you factor it down to the inflation on steel and how that translates into impact on our cost of goods. 
Adam Uhlman  Cleveland Research Company: Now, have you seen any change in the competitive environment at all?
Willard D. Oberton: We really havent seen a lot of change in the competitive environment. Whenever there are price increases people are shopping. It goes in both directions. It creates opportunities for Fastenal and it creates challenges when youre out pushing price increases. But our competitors are doing the same thing. So far weve been able to pass our price increases along. But because we run each one of our store as an independent business we charge them the actual cost of the product.  Theyre raising prices when the pressure comes to them. Its a very natural process as if they were independent owners. It basically eliminates most of our opportunities for inventory timing in an expanding margin, but at the same time it flows through very well. Theyre not going to go out and raise prices if their margins arent under pressure because they want to be competitive within the market place. Theyre business people 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Co.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Could you talk about your sales trends in construction end markets specifically and then your outlook for that vertical? And also one of your competitors discussed longer and broader summer shutdowns than normal. Are you hearing anything like that? It seems like youve seen that trend among your larger customers, but do you think thats whats behind it?
Nicholas J. Lundquist: A lot of our larger customers, as youd indicated earlier from some of your other previous communications with some of our competitors, the larger customers are seeing some impact. However, we see a lot of opportunity with the small to medium contractors with our outside sales initiative. As a percentage of the market, we have a very small percentage of the overall construction market. Were still seeing opportunity there to continue to grow from a construction standpoint. But there is pressure for the large commercial contract6ors right now and theyre not as busy as theyd like to be. 
Willard D. Oberton: Although we did have a record month with our largest contractors in June. I just got the email two days ago. The people who call on those sent me an email basically patting themselves on the back, very, very nice month in June. Its almost all being driven by energy of some sort, either power plants or oil refining. 
Daniel L. Florness: Theres a lot of power plant stuff.
Willard D. Oberton: And also theres a lot of mining going on right now. Theres a tremendous amount of activity around energy and because were located in a lot of these small towns like Central Wyoming and all these places we get a big opportunity at that. Were really not being hurt by construction at this point. 
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Did you have a comment on the summer shutdowns, the turnarounds?
Daniel L. Florness: I have not heard anything. But to be honest I havent been in the field a lot in the last month or so. Have you, Nick? Have you heard anything on shut downs?
Nicholas J. Lundquist: I dont see any difference in whats been historically happening when it comes to shut down. Ive not seen or heard anything different.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Im just trying to get a little clarity on the additional price increases that might happen during the second half of the year. Will, I think you mentioned earlier, you estimated about four to five percentage points.
Willard D. Oberton: I think by the end of the year what were seeing with steel right now that we could have between four and five percentage points of our growth attributable to inflation in steel. Thats because its coming, it came through really hot and heavy in the March-April time frame. Well be selling that product out. What it really comes through is about 25% of our product saw a 20% to 25% increase and its the basic commodity nuts and bolts. Now, the price increases that we saw last year are going to anniversary, so that drops it back down a little bit, but by the last half of this year I think thats probably where well be.  It will be interesting to see what the overall economic picture does. If we can use that to accelerate our sales growth or if the bottom erodes a little bit and we use that to maintain our sales growth. Were working hard to accelerate, but right now we dont know whats going on. We believe that thats probably pretty much the same for all of the industrial distributors because pretty much all of us sell steel products. That the inflationary picture is very similar no matter who you look at out there in the industry. Whether youre an electrical supplier or other products. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Will, just again to clarify for me, if youre getting 3 to 3.5 essentially in the second quarter youre only looking at the equivalent of a new 1% or 1.5% on top of what youve already realized.
Willard D. Oberton: Yes. Part of that is because some of the old stuff falls off from a year-over-year basis. You know what I mean. Its a moving target. 
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: The bottom keeps rising.
Willard D. Oberton: The bottom keeps rising, correct. Theres two lines, the top line and the bottom line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Could your comments earlier about seeing the smaller or larger accounts slowing down somewhat and that being related to the economy, but making it up with the smaller accounts. I would tend to think that the smaller accounts would be more volatile and more economically sensitive the larger accounts. Im confused by the way that youre putting out there. Can you maybe just give a little bit more colour?
Nicholas J. Lundquist: One thing that you have to keep in mind, and youre correct in some regards that there is volatility there, but its the sheer number of accounts that were adding. Were adding accounts on an active basis twice as fast as were growing our stores. Better than twice as fast. Almost three times as fast right now. Yes, theres a lot of volatility there, but our account base is growing Interjection he mid teens right now, so that wipes out a lot of the volatility. 
Willard D. Oberton: Its not that our existing small accounts are buying more; were just adding more small accounts because we have this army of sales people out there actively knocking on doors and bringing them in new business. 
Nicholas J. Lundquist: The other thing Id throw into that is when you look at just the volatility of the existing customer base. With 200,000-plus active customers that volatility really gets smoothed out because its such a wide dispersion of customers. 
Willard D. Oberton: I think what happens with the large customers, Holden, is theyre just more sophisticated buyers. Theyre very, very tight with what they need. When they can reduce inventories they have better visibility to their business than the guy who runs in this morning because the job is starting and he needs $500 worth of concrete anchors or whatever it happens to be. Its a different type of business. Were not saying the bottoms falling out on our big business. It grew at 12%, were disappointed with that, but we have a lot, were working very hard to improve that.
Nicholas J. Lundquist: Ill add a little bit to the larger customers as well and that is if somewhat the same thing is happening in that group. That is we are, because of the volatility of the marketplace we have a lot of customers that are buying more product from us or werent buying from us in the past because of the services we can provide. Lowering their inventory, lowering their labour. The net-net result is, yes, theyre not growing very fast, theyre not growing as fast as wed like them, theyre about in that 12 range.  What is happening is some of our existing large customers might be slowing down, but we also have existing customers that are buying more from us because of the services we provide. Were adding larger customers out there that are looking for the type of services we can provide because theyre in a situation where they basically have to lower operating expenses, which is primarily labour, which we can come in and take care of some of those services. The net-net result is theyre not growing as fast as we think they should. Most of that is a result of some of our existing large customers being slow, but theyre not going away.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Youve always come at the breakeven level in terms of growth was in the 11% to 12% range. You think youre down there. Over the last six quarters, so going out even before the recent gross margin spike, over the last six quarters youve achieved revenue growth between 14% and 15% and youve had SG&A leverage, stripping out the D&A component, up about 30 basis points. Essentially breaking even in terms of SG&A leverage at a mid teens growth rate, which seems like its a little bit higher than you would normally suggest. Can you give some colour as to why that may be? 
Daniel L. Florness: Its all about the fact that 70% of our SG&A is levering up like crazy because of the gross margin expansion.
Willard D. Oberton: Gross margin expansion, profit growth, and addition of outside sales people.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: The gross margin expansion is like the last two quarters, but not necessarily the four preceding it, right, the 2007 year.
Willard D. Oberton: The 2007 was really about adding outside sales people. If you look at the additional sales people that we added in 2007 drove almost all of our expense. And then we have had this conversation before, Holden; as long as we can afford it were going to keep pushing on growth because long term that is our best bet right now. We look at it and we say were doing things we need to with the gross margin, we have the money, we can get our 100 basis points growth and profitability; lets add the sales people because in the future when the economy picks up we should be really well positioned. 
Daniel L. Florness: Yes, just like we were well positioned earlier in this decade and in the mid-90s. Early to mid-90s. 
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: The fast rate of profit is a relatively new effect. At what point do you think that you begin to leverage the revenue thats being driven off of that investment? Is that something in this environment that we can expect or in the environment that exists today its going to be difficult to envision leveraging those personnel ads?
Willard D. Oberton: You mean from an expense standpoint? You mean operating? Were really not focused on just leveraging that. Were focused on growing our operating profit and investing as much as we possibly can and hitting our profit goal. If its going out in high bonuses in commissions because we have great gross margin well take the profit wherever it comes. Whether it comes from gross margin or lower operating expense. If our margin drops or our profit drops were going to react very quickly and lower our operating expense.
Daniel L. Florness: And part of that reaction will naturally occur because of the profit bonus component. 
Willard D. Oberton: If you look at the executive bonuses, they are more than triple from last year in the second quarter. The group that works for me.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Youre not getting the leverage because youre adding the expense. And thats deliberate. Youre maybe accelerating that because of the gross profits.
Willard D. Oberton: Because we know we can. 
Nicholas J. Lundquist: One of the key pieces to this, though, is the average size of the store continuing to grow. Thats the basis from the strategy and thats what you have to remember. If we can continue to grow the average size of our store and use our historical data as reference, which we can, we should be able to drive up our earnings. And all of the other stuff is a lot of detail, which is important.
Willard D. Oberton: If you take the, I believe its 54 stores that we added into the top category, the 150-plus, and do the math that adds about $8 million in operating profit year over year. Just that group of stores. If you take it from the bottom and roll it up to the top. Take them out of the bottom, take them to the top. It adds over $8 million in operating profit in a small group of stores. And thats what Nicks pointing out.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.: Could you maybe give us some colour end market wise? If you look at the overall average and maybe give us some colour on end markets that might have been growing above and below how you grew for the quarter. And if you could remind us of the percent of your sales that are more non-res construction versus other. 
Willard D. Oberton: Well, basically we have very small exposure to non-res construction, or excuse me, residential construction very small exposure. Non-res construction is about 20% to 22% of our business. The products for construction are greater than that with the actual contractors. We dont state specific growth numbers in each category, but we havent seen a lot of change. Probably the biggest one is the large OEM customers are dropped and thats reflected in that strategic account number.  Maintenance continues to be strong. The energy industry is very strong. Agriculture is very strong. And anyone whos exporting product because of the weak dollar seems to be doing very well. Where were getting beat up is any manufacturer that sells their product into the residential construction  windows, doors, equipment  one of our largest customers or a very large customer just announced a 40% layoff because their products they make are used in building homes.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.: Will, earlier you said in your prepared remarks that smaller counts were higher in gross margin, which makes sense because of how they buy. I was curious, could you characterize that from an overall profitability and operating margin and if you characterize the small.
Willard D. Oberton: We dont because we look at the store as a business. The store manager has to maintain a 50% margin to be fully, or mix to be fully comped. We dont break it out by customer size. On the very big customers we do. On the very large customers. But we dont do it on the small customers. We look at it that they are a business manager. We trust them to manage their business profitably. And when we do so we pay them fairly or hopefully better than fairly.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.: Academically, would a smaller customer require more service than a large customer because theyre maybe buying more frequently?
Willard D. Oberton: Its all over the board. Some are very needy and others walk in and buy product. There just is no exact customer type we sell to. More than 225,000 customers a month. Some of our largest customers are the most needy customers that we have because they can be. And then others are not and we have to balance the profitability on the large ones. But on the small ones you run your business and you understand the customer needs. 
Nicholas J. Lundquist: And two things Id add to that. One is you need to talk about the concept of need is the case of were a local distributor of that customer. We have the ability to provide them a high level of service and they compensate us for that service. Its a great win-win scenario. The second thing Id put out, especially on the smaller customer base, the CSP initiative that we started back in 2002 where we really laid out the products in a more efficient fashion in our store lends itself to servicing a wide range of customers, especially smaller customers, much more efficiently than we could have, say, five or 10 years ago because it used to be a lot of our stores had a sign on the front, Minimum Order $20, Minimum Order $25. Those signs are gone because we can make money on transactions, but we dont have labour in the transaction at the store.
Willard D. Oberton: And also because we let our managers, we give our managers a lot of decision making or discretion. They have a customer thats very needy they might have to slowly raise the price until it balances between opportunity and energy going in like any business person would do in managing their business to profitability. Because they do have a limited number of resources to use to grow their business. We work very hard in training them to be independent business people whenever and wherever possible.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.: On the pricing side youre talking about how steel prices; youre starting to see in the beginning of the year 67% rise in pricing.
Willard D. Oberton: No, no. It was 67% rise in iron-ore pricing.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp.: Did that transition as it works into the product itself; is that something that you can start to convey to your customer in terms of your pricing? Do you do that right away or do you start to see that in the headlines? How do you 
Willard D. Oberton: Well, what we do is we have to wait for the market to start reacting because we cant run out there right away. If they havent seen it theyre not going to accept it and we risk the business. What we do is we raise our prices as it comes through. Our wholesale price and all of our prices. We go out to our managers. We explain it to them. And they raise prices as soon as they can, but they really have to wait.  Normally they will wait until their margins start being affected. If theyre margin is moving down they go raise their prices. If were doing a good job thats about the same time as our competitors probably raising their prices and it becomes a market condition. Weve become pretty good at that. For the 20 years before 2004 we never had to do it. In 2004 we learned a little bit. In 2007 and 2008 weve learned a lot about raising prices and understanding what the customers will accept.  I have been more involved in that in the last year than I was in the previous 20 years. Mainly always big customers. Its a challenge, but we get paid to do a job and right now the job we have includes price increases.
Daniel L. Florness: I wanted to reiterate one item within our conference call and that is the whole gross margin area. One way youll often times hear us talking at conferences or just internally, were straightening out the lines. Our direct sourcing operation is really straightening out the line between the manufacturers of the product and the customer thats buying it. Where we can straighten out the line of where that product flows, everybody knows the shortest distance is a straight line. We can lower our costs and have a competitive advantage and improve our margin and improve the value we provide to our customer. The second half of that is over the years a lot of times Ive been questioned about the wisdom of having this large internal trucking fleet. Its a large fixed-cost component of gross margin. This is a quarter, this is a period of time when I look at the last three months, six months, 12 months, where Im very thankful in my role of the wisdom we had 20 years ago when we started creating this trucking network of what a competitive advantage weve built, the proverbial moat weve put around the business to enhance gross margin over time, to provide a great level of service.  Because when you get down to it were hauling a gob of steel at relatively low value per pound product around a very large continent and we can do it more cost effectively than anybody. Getting back to that whole concept of alternative A or alternative B, alternative B, which is Fastenal trucking, has a 10-to-1 cost advantage. I cant make that point enough.  Again, thanks to everybody for taking an hour out of your morning today to listen to our call. Have a good weekend.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Willard Oberton  President & CEO Daniel Florness  Executive VP & CFO Nick Lundquist  Executive VP & COO Nick Holden  Company Representative 
Analysts:  Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Company Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2008 quarter one earnings conference call. This call is being hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will last up to 50 minutes. The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal hosts Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness; the remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. As a reminder certain statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and their best perspective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenals Quarterly and Annual SEC filings. And as a reminder this call is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Will Oberton; please go ahead sir.
Willard Oberton: Thank everybody for joining us today. If youve seen our numbers you have seen that we had a good quarter; first quarter came in very well for Fastenal, sales growth of 15.8% and I think for us the most impressive thing was our margin growth of 16.9%. With Good Friday in there we werent expecting to do quite so well but I think its really a testament of our sales program, what were doing with the outside sales program.  March is the month of our Bounty Hunter sales promotion but thats a promotion weve been running for about four years now so year-over-year its the same promotional out of the same products. It went a little better this year than it has in the past but we really think that was due to the outside sales initiative that we started. We had a lot of people out pounding on a lot of doors and ended up with some very strong results in March. One other point Id like to make is there was really nothing unusual in the month as far as large sales or one-time events. We have to have some questions on that. But it was pretty much business as usual; just a little higher daily sales rate. All ages of stores grew well. Our large older stores grew at 9.9%. I was a little disappointed, we were looking at it, I was thinking, were going to hit ten. We were very close but double-digits would have been nice. But it is the best growth in the large stores weve had since all the way back in August of 2006; so good growth in the older stores. Probably shows that the US economy at least that we deal in is still chugging along fairly well. We havent seen a lot of change since probably the beginning of 2007 when we look at whats going out there. We believe the improvement is really more due to execution than economic environment. At this point were working a little harder and hopefully working a little smarter. Geographically there was really nothing unusual. Most of the country did very well. On a very positive note though, we saw nice improvement out of the West Coast and Florida; two areas that Ive mentioned on both of the last conference calls that have been holding us back. Both of them are smaller areas for us because theyre newer for the company but the West Coast was just shy of goal and Florida showed very nice growth for the firstactually the best growth theyve shown in I think about 16 to 18 months. So I dont know if thats somewhat probably economic and also again execution. Some of the changes we made with management and a focus on those areas and were seeing some nice developments there. The margin, we did a nice job on the margin and I know there are several initiatives that have really been improving our margin. We had nice improvement in margin in the fourth quarter and then we continued on that program. The things I would say that have probably made the biggest year-over-year difference in our margin, the first one is our Indianapolis expansion project. We are identifying more and more parts that are sold every day in our stores that in the past we all purchased by the stores and in many cases at a higher price with freight involved and weve been putting them on the shelf. That project is going extremely well. It continues to grow much faster than the company the product being shipped out of that facility. That really helps our margin.  Another part that weve done a better job ofanother piece that weve done a better job of as a company is working to develop better systems to implement price increases when we need to; really monitor better. Weve been working on this for quite some time. Some of our improvement in the fourth quarter was due to that and again improvement in the first quarter where we identifywere gleaning through the customer information. One of the challenges that we have in identifying low margins and things like that is were very decentralized. We dont want to set all the rules here in Winona. We want to give our store people a lot of discretion and pricing to the market, understanding the market. But at the same time we need to have good systems identify opportunities and we also have to identify sales that just dont make sense to us.  So weve done a much better job of developing systems to monitor our pricing. And that really leads to what I think is the biggest reason for our margin improvement and thats really about bringing better discipline on low-margin, unprofitable sales. Early in 2007 we really started working on this. I spent a lot of time on it myself identifying from all different angles. One is we started with customers saying what business makes sense to us and what doesnt. Based on a lot of things how much work do we do bin-stocking, freight, is it a standard item. We have a lot of criteria that we sort through. Because a low margin on one sale may be very profitableor one sale at low margin might be quite profitable, other sales may be very unprofitable so we had to get more sophisticated in how we looked at it. Then we started bringing more to the discipline to the process and then really just putting in minimums for different types of products and thats beenin a very decentralized world that Fastenal lives in, its been kind of throw the gloves off and fight your way through it for the last 12 months but were starting to get a lot of traction. One example that Id like to use, a product that Ive been watching very close for about the last nine months, is our power tool business. About 2% of our revenue is generated by power tools, Bosch, DeWalt, and Metabo; companies like that. And thats traditionally our lowest margin product line and its because were competing against the big boxes and its just generally a lower margin product line. We sell it because it also drives accessory sales which are higher margin products and our customers need those. In April, May timeframe I got together with our team and a lot of our guys led it actually, and we brought in some new discipline and what we really decided is that we were going to quit chasing the internet sales. You can always find a better price from Amazon or somewhere on eBay, and we said, You know what? Were going to put in competitive pricing. Were going to stick to our model. And were going to walk away from some business. It wasnt a real popular decision throughout the company. We had people saying I was crazy or we were crazy but we stuck to it anyway.  For the last six months of 2007 our power tool sales only grew less than 1%. Thats about a $20 million piece of business over that six-month period and grew it at 6/10 of a percent. But our gross margin on those products grew 32.5%. So we didnt grow the business but we culled out of that a lot of [sales] that just didnt make any sense to us and so we had very nice growth on the gross margin and now were starting in the first quarter, were starting to see the growth come back into the power tools. So if we can maintain the gross margin and grow the business, were just basically lost year of sales growth but we gained a lot of profitability and were making more sense out of the business. Thats an example of one big product line but weve been doing that with the small product lines. Weve been doing that looking at customer segments and with all of this hard work, weve made a lot more sense. Were rationalizing some of that business. That is the biggest change in our year-over-year margin that we can see, is just not raising prices across the board. Its looking at each order and trying to make sense; does that work for us and bringing discipline to the sale. One other thing Id like to touch on on the margin is thewe have been seeing inflation in our product and most of the inflation is really limited to the steel fasteners that we bring in from Asiafor the most part limited to steel fasteners that weve brought in from Asia. And the biggest increase has been in the low carbon, the lower cost per pound fasteners mainly coming from Taiwan and China and those pricessince about the first of October, those products have gone up anywhere from 8% to more than 20% with the average being probably in the mid-teens. Now that product only makes up about 15% to 20% of our cost of goods so when you net it down it adds about 1.5% to 2% to our overall cost of goods. That weve been working very hard to pass through.  We raised our wholesale price on these products. Thats our printed fastener price or price on those fastener products March 1st and so we sent that out. The way the process works is the small customer walks in the door, will probably get the higher price the first day they walk in; March 1st. The medium customer usually has a 30-60 day notice that we would contact them and say you know in 60 days, Im going to raise your price, really out of respect and respect for their business. And the large customers doing $200,000 to $1 million a month is more on a probably three to six month program; sometimes as far out as the end of the year or the end of the one-year contract depending on where that started. So its a long linear process of price increases and well continue to see a little of incremental gain on that as we go forward. But at the same time, our costs will move up from the bottom. Now when you think about the products Im talking about, these are our slowest turning products; less than two turns per year because theyre coming in from Asia. So its very hard to map it out but if you just picture the products starting to come in and we start purchasing it; we purchase it between October and March and it comes in an sells through six to seven months after that and the price increases will probably flow at about that same rate. So we may see a little incremental gain in the margin upfront but generally its more of just mapping together where the cost goes up and the price goes up at the same time over a long period of time. Last thing Im going to touch on and then Im going to turn it over to Dan is the progress on our pathway to profit. I guess the way I would say it is the arrows are all pointed in the right direction. The things that we talked about when we rolled this out in April of last year were store openings; our store openings are on track. We had planned I believe to open 60 stores and we opened in the mid-50s; pretty nice job by our folks. Our sales program is progressing very well. Nick Lundquist, Lee [Hein] went out and met with all their sales people the same way that I did last year. Theyre saying, Hey its just getting better Will. These guys are fired up, theyre out there selling. We have a long ways to go in developing that program but weve come a long ways in the last year.  Our average store size grew just like we said it would; a little lower than we thought because our top-line revenue is only in the 15s, we hope to get it into the 20s over a period of time and then well even get greater growth per store site. Better return on assets, higher profit, lower inventory, better return and we exceeded our pre-tax goal that we had stated of 1% year-over-year so as I said I think everything is lined up. If you looked at our earnings release we also put some more information in there that shows how it rolls out. Dan is going to talk a little bit more about that. But I think if you spend time looking at that and just look at the percentages and the age of stores, it will start making sense to you what were trying to accomplish with our pathway to profit. With that I thank you and Ill turn it over to Dan and Ill be back for questions in a few minutes.
Daniel Florness: Thank you Will. There are four primary points Im going to touch on and a few other items of note Ill add on towards the tail end and they really center on these four things; gross margin, pathway to profit, some discussion on our operating expenses and a few points of note on our balance sheet.  First off as it relates to gross margin I think Will touched on it well when he started his conversation with talking about discipline. Nick and Lee and Steve, when I look at working with their 17 regional VPs around North America, actually around the globe, have done a really nice job of instilling discipline into the process to really go after it more with a scalpel than with a dial. And go after the business where we can either look at it and say, Challenge this business, can we improve it? Or of some of it, are we willing to give up some business. And yes, there is some business that weve given up and yet were able to put up a very attractive growth number for each of the months as well as the quarter.  As Will mentioned some inflation benefits, however when I look at that in the context of the quarter versus other quarters thats a relatively nominal figure. When I look at the piece about being able to give up some business I think the two examples are very good case-in-point. And then finally the fuel, I probably put more in the release than normal on fuel because I think its a very important detail for our shareholder base to understand both from the standpoint of impact and magnitude. From a gross margin standpoint the impact was fairly nominal, which I really credit to our distribution folks of being creative on how we move product and how we can manage other aspects of costs because the 30% plus increase we saw in both gasoline and diesel, thats a very much uncontrollable thing. But what we can control is how we maneuver around those costs. And Ill close the gross margin by throwing it out one more time, its really about discipline and how we price and go after business.  The second item on pathway to profit, you know probably the biggest thing I think the information is fairly self-explanatory but one thing Id like to emphasize and Ill emphasize on every call when we cover this, its really about morphing the mix of our stores over time. If I look at the March 31, 2007 data, you would see that about 53% of our stores are in the first two categories; either the zero to $30,000 a month group or the $30,000 to $60,000 a month group. And the other 47% is in the upper three, the more mature groups of stores where we really drive our profitability. That mix in the last 12 months has split to now its 50-50; half our stores are in the first two categories, half in the last three. And probably an easier way to think about is we basically took 40 stores out of the first group and put 40 stores into theand 30-some stores into the top group and the stuff in the middle just shuffled a little bit.  As I look at that over the five-year period of our pathway to profit going up to 2012, were opening about 40% fewer stores a year. So I would naturally look for the first two categories to move down about 40%--when I look at that number five years from now, naturally and so that 50% in the first two categories I believe moves down closer to 30 such that the last three categories, the real profit engines of the organization are at about 70% of our store base. Now thats a natural progression if you ignore the impact of adding additional outside sales and pushing that faster and growing the groups into the larger categories a little bit faster, I really believe five years from now that well have about 25% of our stores in the first two categories and about 75% in the last three. You look at that based on opening 8% new stores a year and you get a feel both in the change morph and the number of stores well have in each of those respective categories looking out five year.  In the operating sense category, again a simple way to look at our operating expenses is about 65% to 70% of the dollars in that number is related to payroll. We did not enjoy leverage on that cost this quarter and theI really looked at it when I start looking at the components of the cost, our base and hourly costs did leverage in the quarter. What didnt leverage was our commission and bonus payouts and those are really more centered on the store side of it where we did a very nice job of raising our gross margin and were able to improve that and its about gross profit dollar increases and how we leveraged relative to that. The second component of our operating expenses is occupancy; its about 20% of our dollars. Im pleased to say and I havent been able to say this since about 2000, we did leverage our occupancy expenses this quarter and I would expect us to continue to enjoy that going into the future and again really predicated on the fact were opening 8% stores and were able to move that needle down from about 6% of sales, what it is today, down one or two percentage points over the next five years. Thats our internal goal.  The third category, all the remaining items, the biggest individual component in that is store fleet and again the fuel prices did beat that expense up a little bit and well see how that plays out as we go through the year. I put some information in the release as well about where our fuel costs are running.  Finally on the balance sheet, from a working capital standpoint accounts receivable we continued to eek out modest improvements in that. Were in the third year now of our call center and so that the numbers were going after are getting more challenging but Im pleased to say were still seeing incremental improvements in our accounts receivable. On inventory, extremely pleased with the execution at the store, district and region level as well as our distribution centers on managing inventory growth to about 10.8% year-over-year versus our sales growth for the same period.  Finally on fixed assets as Id mentioned in the Annual Report last year, there are some significant capital expenditures going on in 2008 and they really center on four items. One is the replacement of our Dallas distribution center which is occurring currently. Some of the construction on that was delayed in 2007 into 2008 because of bad weather; so significant dollars being spent there currently. Indianapolis and theres really two pieces to that, we purchased some adjoining property to our distribution center down there in the first quarter and on a portion of that adjoining property we are in the process of expanding our distribution center as we speak. And then the final piece is our Cold Heading division in Rockford, Illinois, we purchased a new 100,000 square-foot facility in the first few months of this year and plan to be into that mid-summer of 2008.  A few other items I wanted to mention, its interesting we start looking at different components of your business, what you can do to affect numbers. Very pleased to look atif I ignore our US and Canada business for a second and look at our other foreign business, our profits therethose are relatively new operations. Our profits are fairly nominal. In fact they were marginally profitable as a group in the first quarter of 2007. Our profits in that group improved by $1 million from first quarter of 2007 to first quarter of 2008 and I really credit it to the people that weve put inwhen I look at our new leadership in Mexico, our new leadership in the other foreign operations, really doing a nice job to stimulate the profitability and the growth of that business. And then one other item I wanted to make note of next Tuesday at 10:00 am Central time we are going to be hosting our Annual Meeting here in Winona, Minnesota and invite those of you that can make it to please attend. If you cant please listen to it over the internet; we will be webcasting it. Two things Id highlight, two of our senior regional VPs are going to be in and speaking at the Annual Meeting this year. Randy Miller who is our VP of our Indianapolis business unit hes going to focus on talking about the role of store manager. Ken [Manse] who is our regional VP down in our Dallas region, hes going to be talking about the role of our outside sales personnel within the organization.  I think those two discussions are really important for both our shareholders to hear as well as our employees at Fastenal because it really helps to understand whats driving the organization and those two roles are key to our success.  With that Ill turn it back to the moderator and well start the Q&A and again I do want to thank everybody for taking time this morning to listen to our conference call.
Operator: Your first question comes from Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Congratulations on a great quarter. My question is on the goals towards the 100 basis points of operating margin expansion for the full year, youre off to a very good start here through the first quarter. I was just curious how you feel about that now, three months into the year and what level of sales growth would be required to reach that goal as you see it today?
Willard Oberton: As I see it today Mike, if we can maintain the level of sales growth that we have that 15%, maybe a little more than 15%, right around 15% we can make that happen and really its going to be driven by our real good job on support labor and also we think that most ofI dont know how much of the margin will remain but were going to have a strong margin relative to where we have been over the last couple of years. So at 15% to 16% sales growth we should be able to get our 100 basis points for the year. 
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Thats great thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Company
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Company: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about other things in the gross profit, that was really a great number and Im wondering you talked a little bit about mix and inventory type gains in terms of pricing. I think you mentioned that a little bit Will, rebates, any other factors in there? And then last quarter Will you had mentioned that you thought the 51 and change type level was sustainable based on what you said, it sounds like a lot of the changes that have been made are also sustainable so is the 52 to 53 level the new plateau here?
Willard Oberton: Im not sure if its the new plateau but Ive been talking 52% for a long time, the last two or three years, saying that I think those numbersreally what Ive been saying is the margin of old has not gone forever and thats what we used to run at; 52% or 53%. Our goal and what weve stated is were going to be 51% or above is what we said last year; we still think we can do that and probably even higher than that. I dont want to paint myself into a corner and everyone expect 53% next quarter because youre the first one that has said that Dave. But as far as the mix goes, theres nothing unusual with the rebates at all. Product mix is very similar; nothing has changed there. We are working hard internally to push our people to sell fasteners and the more profitable products because thats how we pay them. As far as inventory going through and that, nothing has really changed in that. Understand that our fastener pricing was slowly moving up last year. Its not like just the light went on everything took a big jump. It was a lot of little pieces coming together and a lot of it is sustainable. 
Daniel Florness: A couple of things Id add in, if you look at what were doing on working capital standpoint managing our inventory, if I look at our rebate number its actually a slight negative over last year. And so and its really about were doing such a good job managing our spend; it hurts just a little bit on some of those avenues. If I look at what concerns me and what makes me optimistic looking out three, six, nine months, probably the biggest thing that concerns me is whats going on with fuel. When I look at just intuitively, theres two types of fuel that are predominately used; diesel and unleaded gasoline. Diesel has a lot less ability to move consumption-wise. Im a farm kid and I know in the spring theres a certain amount of diesel thats going into a tractor thats putting crops in. That hasnt changed based on the price. When I look at our distribution fleet and I look at the trucking fleet, generally speaking nationally, if the miles are driven fuel is being consumed and the ability to manage that is a different animal.  Gasoline is a little different animal and so when I look out to the three and nine month horizon, everybody has said when it hits $3 theres going to be changes in demand. Everybody said when it hits $2.50 theres going to be changes in demand. As fuel prices are wellgasoline are well north of $3; that has to start having an influence on consumer consumption. The only item Id throw in there when I look at looking out, the big piece of it and we probably said it four or five times, is about discipline and that is sustainable.
Nick Lundquist: In the last three months Ive had the opportunity to travel and visit with all of my outside sales people in our Eastern business unit, in meeting settings as well as all the branch managers and theres been a lot of enthusiasm out there and I also believe that with our outside sales program, our level of service to the customer is actually increasing. Were getting more touches with the customer. Not necessarily our large big strategic customers but with the other than our medium and small customers and I believe our service level is increasing and its having a positive impact on our margins as well. 
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird & Company: Thanks and congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Dan could you quantify how much pricing impacted revenue growth in the quarter and also how that impacted the March daily sales rate and then kind of related to that what kind of trends youre seeing so far here into April in terms of revenue growth?
Daniel Florness: On the part about inflation Id say were looking at somewhere in the 2.5% to 3% inflation neighborhood. 
Willard Oberton: Almost all of that is narrowed down into that small group, the core fastener group.
Daniel Florness: Yes, and so when I look at the March timeframe, it isnt a case of that really changed dramatically from what we were seeing in January or February. I mean could it have been [inaudible] to half a point, maybe. But the change is fairly nominal. On the question about April, in January Will and I talked a little bit about what we were seeing in January trends and that at least was deep into the month and the day after we did it, I think both Will and I looked at each other and said, You know, lets just shut up about the current month. because things can change and you hate to set a false hope.
Willard Oberton: And we had a lousy day that Friday sales day and I thought I jinxed it.
Daniel Florness: But its the 11th of April and so any trends we have are pretty meaningless at this point. 
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Can you address the pathway to growth initiative obviously is heavy on hiring people upfront and new people arent known to necessarily have an immediate impact from a profit standpoint, can you address the degree to which you think that your pathway initiative is currently impacting the margin in a favorable way, or a negative way and if its less of a positive at the margin line, can you give a sense of when you expect that crossover to take place?
Willard Oberton: You mean the operating margin line?
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Right, I mean when you hire a new person typically they may start to generate some revenues but I mean it takes a while for them to actually be a net positive to the margin and since youve sort of been ramping the hiring recently are the new people that youve added to pathway to profit, are they a net positive to this margin that youre seeing or are they still a bit of a drag or where are we in sort of the evolution of the margin of pathway?
Nick Holden: I believe its relatively neutral but one thing thats very important is that we are working very hard to continue to staff our stores with more part-timers so that they become better educated in our business model before we hire them to come full-time outside sales. We have really ramped up our outside sales people to help our part-time people, to help our outside sales people go make sales calls. At the same time theyre learning the business and thats really where were trying to pull the majority of our pool of outside sales people from and thats our part-timers. So I think its pretty neutral but I dont believe its a drag. I think the way were setting it up is actually going to help the business. 
Willard Oberton: And I think if you compare it to the old growth initiative the additional sales people are costing us no more than the rent that we saved on those buildings and those sales people probably gaining us more than the brick and mortar would have at the same cost. So the new strategy is probably incrementally positive but the person-for-person; theyre barely paying for themselves after 12 months. 
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets
Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets: I was just wondering if you could spend a little bit of time on what some of your larger customers are doing and talking about as they look at some of the fairly stiff inflation and price increases that are likely to roll through over the next year. How do you expect them to respond?
Willard Oberton: I actually met with one of our top five customers last week on a sales call, and theyre respondingtheyre throwing the door up on us but one of the good things, if its a positive, is that the steel guys always beat us to the door because we have a lot more inventory in the pipeline than the steel manufacturers so were never the first one there with the price increase. And typically theyll spend at least ten times on steel that they would on fasteners. Although they still dont want the price increases.  With the biggest customers its a long process. Like I said in many cases well have a CRU index put in and well have to wait it out. They understand our inventory turns, they monitor our financials and they say we know when it started up, we know when the stuff is coming through, we know when well accept the price increase and we work through it. As long as we can maintain our profitability we understand their demands or the pressures they have and we work through it.  But most of them are reasonable and they know that the service we offer they dont want to lose because there is a line in the sand. If we do not make money on the business the saying we have is we dont do it for the sales, we do it for the profit. And so if they absolutely refuse the price increases at some point we will walk from the business. These companies are smart, they realize that other people arent going to do it for a loss either and if were one of the best distributors out there, which we believe we are, we should be able to pass these through and its all a matter of time and inventory and getting the price up before the new inventory is in. Or sometimes well give up a little and its a little wavy as it goes through.  Ive been actually in touch with probably four of our top ten customers and they know its coming and nobody is happy about it. On the other hand, most of them seem pretty positive about business. In fact the one I was with last week, one of the owners of a large private company took me aside to see what I was seeing. He said, You know, our business is okay. It was kind of a knock-on-wood conversation. He was surprised. I said, Hey our business is pretty good. I couldnt say much because it was after the quarter and he said, Ours is also doing pretty good. And either one of us quite knew why.
Michael Hamilton - RBC Capital Markets: Well Ill say what everybody else has said, congratulations on a fabulous execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Securities
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: I think the, at least from the survey that Ive seen and probably to your benefit as well that prices generally not the highest criteria for, service seems to be a higher criteria for customers so but Im wondering on theas pricing on the steel and the raw materials stays up it seems like youre able to more than offset that and with respect to where the gross margin is today, are you feeling that youve got control of that sort of that 52% level youre at now if lets say the global demand for steel subsides a bit and that raw material price comes down, how do you feel about cost of inventory with respect to pricing? I know youll probably benefit on the fuel side because there might be some related pullback in the cost of fuel but Im justin the terms of that mix how do you feel about if we start to see raw materials start to moderate or actually decline?
Willard Oberton: What will happen is the big customers will start pushing us right away for lower pricing of course but well go back and say, Remember that six month inventory lag? Well we get to wait so the true change is to the other foot and you work it through it and you get back the price increases over time. So from a margin standpoint Im not worried about that but it would hurt our top-line revenue as it went through. But on the positive side, the bottom half of our customers arenumbers that you know the thousands of small customers, most of what we pass through in the higher prices will stick because its small orders and a lot of that so well exactly expand our margin with that group of customers, over time compress the margin a little bit with the larger customers. At the end of the day well probably have an incremental gain because theres been a new higher price level established. Just like if oil drops, theres a whole new level theres a new mind set and people arent looking at this as close. So as long as it doesnt come real fast I think were fine and looking at the world market and looking what we see, we dont see a real quick decline unless theres a really slow international world economic slowdown because of the ore pricing is already guaranteed throughAsia and ore price arepricing getting sent to Asia has already been contracted for several months.
John Baliotti  FTN Midwest Securities: Right so in terms of the gross margin you said that pricing helped about 2.5% to 3% on the top-line, is that the similar impact on the gross margin or the other initiatives?
Willard Oberton: No, the gross margin wasnt driven much at all by the pricing. The gross margin was driven by the initiatives and the real initiative is not about what we did its about what we didnt do. What we didnt do was chase unprofitable business. Weve been under a lot of pressure for years to do top-line revenue growth and weve gotten a little sloppier and a little sloppier in taking business and trying to talk ourselves into it being profitable and Nick Lundquist, myself and Dan and a bunch of us got together and said you know what, sales are slow right now in 2007, lets just clean this thing up and we worked really hard on it all of 2007. Every week I get a report thatactually Im working between myself and the district managers and its an unprofitable list. Its business below a certain level and theres different criteria and so I probably do 30, 40 emails a week between myself and just my little part of the project because I want to raise the awareness and its not like we went out and raised prices, we just brought the bottom up. And as Dan mentioned it has had a slight negative effect on our top-line revenue but the timing was good because we werent doing that well anyway. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management
Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management: I was just wondering for your P to P goals, most of the guidance youve given is at about 20% growth specifically on both sales per store and also on the pre-tax profit margin increase, do you have any guidance for below 20% growth what you would expect?
Willard Oberton: You mean on the 1% incremental gain?
Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management: Yes. What do you expect on the sales per store?
Willard Oberton: Well first its really not guidance its more laying out what our plan is. I want to make sure that were not saying that were guiding to that number. All of our planning to hit 1% growth in pre-tax profit over a five year period is done on 17.5% revenue growth. Thats the number that we worked with, thats where we did all of our planning. We are investing to grow in sales people to grow our business at 20% over a cycle. Thats what our investment is and thats hopefully if we can execute, we will get thereif we can execute we will get there and hopefully we can do that. So 17.5% right now is kind of the fulcrum point. I said earlier that we could do it at 15%, thats because we havent been investing quite as heavily in sales people because of the lower revenue growth and our gross margin is up a little more than we had expected. We had not baked any gross margin gain into our plans. But with that we can lower the sales growth number. Did that answer your question?
Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management: It does and if I can just ask this one more quick question, the active account growth. You offer I know usually yearly, but do you have a quarterly number for that?
Daniel Florness: We are up in the mid-teens right now on year-over-year store growth of about 7% or 8% so we are in the mid-teens.
Willard Oberton: And then Nick and I talked a lot about this. Were very happy with that because one of our concerns was slowing the store openings, was active account growth and actually our active account growth is growing faster than they were last year over the same period.
Daniel Florness: Very positive number and we look at that as taking market share simply by not just sales revenue but number of customers that are buying from us this year versus last year; mid-teens.
Zachary Kleinhandler  Forest Capital Management: Thank you.
Operator: Gentlemen there are no further questions at this time; Ill turn the call back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Daniel Florness: Once again Id like to thank everybody for taking time to listen on our call today. Have a good weekend. Thank you.
Willard Oberton: Thanks a lot.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Florness  CFO Will Oberton  CEO, President, Exec. Director
Analysts: Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets Stan Wayne  Lehman Brothers Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan David Manthey  Robert W. Baird John Ballioti - FTN Midwest Securities Louie Itoma (ph) - Delta Partners  
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2007 Annual and Quarter Fourth Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, todays call is being recorded and will be hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. (Operator Instructions) Just as a reminder, certain statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and are thus, prospectus. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenals Quarterly and Annual SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Will Oberton. Please go ahead sir.
Will Oberton: This quarter was positive for Fastenal in almost every respect. Our sales improvement over the third quarter by over 2 percentage points from 13.5% to 15.7%, but what was most encouraging for me was the sequential growth 14, 15, 16 as the quarter marched on, and we did that in a pretty tough economic environment. Looking out into this quarter, for the first 14 days of January, our growth was on track with the fourth quarter numbers, so we are feeling pretty confident that we are executing at a high level taking it a day at a time with the economy, but we are actually very optimistic with how things are going right now. Our earnings growth was really driven by two different areas, one is the gross margin. On a year-over-year basis, our gross margin was up just over 1% from 49.9% to 51%. We also did a nice job in our expense control. One of the biggest areas of expense control that we worked very hard on was controlling the growth in our support labor and on a headcount basis that was up less than 5% year-over-year. On the margin, that was really driven by really just hard work, not a lot of price increases, not a lot of inflation, it was really just looking at everything we do and finding a little bit here and a little bit there, but we are comfortable. It is very close, we are comfortable that going forward, we will be able to maintain more in that 51% range where we are now with the initiatives that we have going. On the expense side, we have that tremendous pressure on energy, not only the vehicle field, but utilities are up sharply also over last year, but as I said, we got some help on the support labor and a high grade problem on the expense side is that our bonuses and our 401K match were up because of the improved performance in our fourth quarter earnings growth up at 26%. We are making very good progress on our initiatives to develop Fastenal as the best distributor of industrial products in North America and when I say that, what I mean is the entire system from purchasing, distribution, moving the products to the store and placing more products closer to more customers than anyone else in our industry that is our goal. The two big initiatives that we have been talking about other than the pathway to profit are really the Indianapolis inventory expansion project which has gone very well in the second half, actually it has gone well throughout 2007, but we have made nice progress in the second half of 2007. Our fulfillment levels have improved. We have broadened the inventory. It matches our current catalogs that we are putting out in February or in March, so we have really made tremendous improvements and talking to people in the field, we are getting very, very positive feedback from the people in the field about our ability to fulfill their orders on time and accurately. The project that we have worked hard on is the transportation initiative and we really made progress there in two different areas, one is we are speeding up the delivery times to our stores. Looking at the calendar, looking at the days of the week and trying to look at how we can get places quicker by using the weekends, but using nights, by pulling product more quickly so we can move product to our stores on our system instead of using outside carriers like UPS and FedEx, which we continue to use, but continue to lower that cost. The other area that we continue to see improvement is the expense side. We have lowered our transportation costs as a percentage of sales again in the fourth quarter and that is in a time when fuel costs are at record highs, so I have to commend the people that worked on this as far as our transportation group because they are really working hard to lower our transportation cost and we are not backing off and letting them lower the service. We are improving service and lowering cost at the same time. But going forward into 2008, I think we still have a lot of opportunity to not only improve our cost for transportation into the New Year. A little bit of an update on our pathway to profit to progress, halfway to profit is what I was trying to say, the things that we have stated, we are going to look at and just to cover that a little bit, this is the plan. It is to lower our store openings from 15% to 8% and then take the savings that we have from the lower store openings and reinvest that in outside sales people for those of you that are not as familiar with our project. The things that we are looking at are our average store size. Our plan is to grow the average store size to increase the profitability. Our average store size fourth quarter-over-fourth quarter 07-07 grew by just over 7%, so now the average store size in the fourth quarter was just over $80,000.00. Our profit per store, one of our biggest measures grew by 17% profit contribution per store unit and at $42,800.00 per store, so that is a very nice improvement, year over year. Pre-tax profit percent is the one thing that we talk a lot about. In our stated goal back in April when we rolled this out to the investment community was to see a 1 percentage point improvement year-over-year. This quarter, we actually were able to improve by 1.4% year-over-year so we actually exceeded our goal nicely in our pathway to profit, and we did that with lower revenue growth and we had anticipated way back when we planned this back early in the year. So with higher revenue growth, we could have actually even seen more improvement. The big part of our plan or the most challenging part of rolling out this plan is developing our outside sales process and really taking a strong approach of developing a process to grow sales, the tools, the people, the systems, the measurements, all of the things that we are doing and I think we are making very, very good progress in these projects. The hand-held computers are working well. The zoning software that we showed at our industrial conference back in April is really starting to work well. The opportunity last week, I was in California and visited 11 stores and talked to managers in every store about this and it was all very positive. The systems are starting to fall in place for our sales people to be more productive, and on the average, they are telling me that their sales people are staying out between one and one and a half hours a day longer because they do not have to come back and download orders because it is being done electronically. But that being said, I believe we still have a lot of opportunity going forward to improve the process because we are really just getting started on the pathway to profit. And although these results are very early, we have only been doing this for about six months, I think the most positive improvement that we see is the improvement in our five-year and older store growth. That has gone up from 6% in October to just about 10% in December, I think it was 9.6% and so that is a very nice improvement and the only thing I can attribute that to is the improvement in our sales process because it does not appear that the economy has improved over that time, and those are the oldest stores that are always subjected to the most pressure from a slow economic time. I think with that, I will turn it over to Dan and then we will come back for Q&A.
Dan Florness: Will covered in good detail items related to sales growth and margin, I am going to touch on a few things related to SG&A and in one item that I will touch on that was talked about in previous quarters, and that is related to the pathway to profit, really looking at it and saying for much of calendar 2007, the pathway to profit from an operating expense standpoint from an operating margin standpoint was the net negative because the store openings that we were not doing in 2007 were very late in the year and will really benefit more into 08 and the people we are adding, we started adding in the May and June timeframe at a high pace, so we are adding the SG&A to our expenses. I am pleased to say that the acceleration in top line has really allowed us to, as Will mentioned, realize operating margin benefit from the pathway to profit in the latter quarter of 2007 and I think positions as well going in 2008. Specifically within SG&A, some things I would like to touch on; our payroll grew in the fourth quarter on an absolute dollar basis greater than I would have expected and what really drove that is some things that are a good problem that is our commissions came in higher, because of the added sales growth and our bonus payout came in higher. Usually most of the leadership within Fastenal takes the pay cut in the fourth quarter because of the compression of our operating margin. We were able to pay out very attractive bonuses this quarter because of the strong performance. Third, our profit sharing contribution, for the year, that number is up about $1.7 million over last year, between $500,000.00 and $600,000.00 of that increase occurred in the fourth quarter, so a nice position to be in where we can report a very strong quarter and also reward our folks internally at the same time. We have talked a bit about occupancy and with changing the pathway to profit, changing the store openings from the mid-teens to the upper single digit neighborhood, in the fourth quarter as we cited in our press release, occupancy expenses grew about 16.4% contrasting that with first quarter of about 28.5%. And what we have seen over the last several years, occupancy has been growing somewhere in the low 30% neighborhood. Our goal going to next year is for that number to be somewhere in approximately 10% growth for the year and really predicated on the fact, we are opening about 8% new stores and being very, very conscious of managing the occupancy expense in the remaining existing group of stores. The other item within SG&A, some things that I had touched on, as Will mentioned on energy prices, impacted us and so I am pleased to say that 16.4% occupancy growth came in a quarter with meaningful increases in utilities. On the fuel going into our vehicles, a couple of numbers I would cite, in the month of December, our gasoline going into our fleet of vehicles at our stores, averaged $3.00 a gallon, a 32% increase over last year. In Q4 for the entire quarter, it was about $2.93 a gallon, an increase of 30%. Diesel, $3.37 a gallon in the month of December, $3.25 a gallon in the fourth quarter of upper 20% neighborhood in the fuel cost, so we are able to leverage that into our organization very attractively because of continued improvements in our distribution management. One item on the P&L I would touch on just to save myself two questions later on, going through all the static that occurs because of the discrete events that can occur in a $10.48 environment, we believer our core booking rate was about 38.2% for the year and would expect that on a go forward basis as well. Finally, on working capital, I will touch on it very briefly so we can turn over to Q&A. I am very pleased with our cash flow statement for the year, as most of you are aware, I personally, as well as the organization, we are frustrated with the operating cash flow performance in 2006. Our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings for the year came in at just shy of $0.50 on the dollar, so for every dollar of earnings generated, is just over $0.49 cents of operating cash flow and generated about $0.12 of free cash flow. Those numbers have changed quite dramatically in 2007. Our operating cash flow as percentage of earnings came in at $0.98 on a dollar. Even stronger than I would have expected coming into the year, and the goals we laid out last April of targeting a consistent $0.85 on the dollar number on a go forward basis, we believe it is still very much in the cards and expect to perform at that level. The free cash flow during the year came in at about $0.77 on a dollar of earnings, and looking at that figure for the last decade, ignoring this year, we have only had two years in the last decade where our free cash flow was greater than $0.50 on a dollar of earnings, and one of those years was a year we sold off a business unit and it was the year we were very, very conscious with our inventory, but consistently, we were not able to do that, very pleased with the free cash management in the current year and feel there is still improvements in the cards for our accounts receivable and inventory on a go-forward basis to drive our operating cash flow. The improvements we have made with distribution and with our master hub in Indianapolis really provide us opportunities for inventory management that frankly did not exist, one, two and three years ago. With that, I would turn it back to the moderator to open it up for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mike Hamilton with RBC.
Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could just kind of hit at a high level where you see the pathway to profits initiatives evolving here as we roll into 2008 if you are coming up with any areas that you think either needs more focus that you are pulling back on?
Will Oberton: On the initiative, we need to continue to focus very strongly on the outside sales development as I had mentioned because there is really nothing glaring in it at all and there is nothing we plan to pull back on. Right now, we plan to continue with our 8% store openings. Our hiring will really be dependent on how our sales growth rolls out over the next, one month at a time and we can control that very well, so our store openings will be on track. If sales were to pick up, we would probably increase our hiring, but again, we will stay with that because we want to maintain the 1% improvement in our operating profit, one percentage point improvement in the operating profit line.
Michael Hamilton  RBC Capital Markets: How is your Asian sourcing playing into that at this stage?
Will Oberton: Our Asian sourcing is really a separate initiative. Our Asian sourcing is actually going very well. We continue to improve the things we do over there. In the last year, we opened two laboratories, one in Taiwan and one in Shanghai so we can speed up the sourcing before a lot of that product had to be shipped over here for quality checking and it was a little slower, so we invested heavily in putting the two labs and having them certified A to LA-accredited and we have tremendous upside with our sourcing operation. Right now, we are sourcing just over 20% of the product. Based on the product mix, we there is potential to source 40% direct, but that will take us years to achieve that level.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Piper Jaffray, Michael Cox.
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: I was hoping you could touch a little bit on the sales productivity of the new sales associates. I guess, I am a little surprised by the pace of acceleration in sales that you experienced in the fourth quarter. I was hoping you could maybe just talk a little bit about how the productivity of these new sales associates compare to existing sales reps and the ability to move them up the curve?
Will Oberton: What we are actually finding is the new sales rep, well, there is a wide range, some of the new reps come in and they come in at a very high level. What we need to do, our real opportunity is improving the bottom probably a third of the group and we still have not figured out if it is training, if it is just we hired the wrong people. It is leadership, and that is what our sales development group, we have a team that we put together. It is new for Fastenal since June that they are working on trying to go through all the information and really determine why some are growing so well and some are just not performing at the same level, the question I guess that all sales managers face. On the whole, our productivity is right about where we thought it should be, but the range is much wider than we thought it would be. The good ones are really well above and the ones in the bottom, we have a lot of improvement to make. Does that help?
Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray: Yes, it does and if I can ask one follow up, as you look at working capital and the 3:1 ratio that you have talked about for some time now, I am curious as to what sort of timeframe we should expecting reaching or attaining that goal. Obviously, you are shooting for a sooner rather than later but, what would be a realistic expectation? Is it 2008 or perhaps 09?
Will Oberton: I believe in 2008, it is achievable. I think it is probably going to be 2009, but because I do not want to pain ourselves into a corner. The wild card when I go into 2008 that will challenge that is, there is going to be a decrease in the inventory number and so that is going to create a challenge, but when I look at the operating cash flow, then that relative to our earnings number, I feel very comfortable on our ability to perform strongly on that in 2008 and going forward and feel we are in a great position to ramping up that in the next two years.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Holden Lewis with BB&T.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Just comment a little bit about the sort of the revenue trends that you are seeing out there and I guess in a broader sense, you said before that you thought the biggest mistake you made in the last down turn was to slow your store openings. If in fact there is a tough environment out there somewhere, you had made comment about sort of watching your sales personnel pretty closely, but I mean just sort of point through with the same sort of strategy by the weekends or strengthen, how we should sort of view, you are looking at your cost structure in an environment that is some what not certain.
Dan Florness:  First of, going back in time, I think what we have talked about in the past is back in the 98 timeframe when the Asian flu came through and things really slowed down. We have slowed our store openings, but more explicitly, we slowed our investment in selling energy and in the 2001 timeframe, we chose not to do that. We maintained a very high level of investment in our sales initiatives, which at that point in time, we have the 98 and was centered very much on new store openings and the only change in 2002 that you saw; it was supplemented by our CSP project. When I look at todays world, we have really taken our sales investment dollars or sales investment energy and split it, investments in new store openings and investment in additional outside sales people at the store level. I really would anticipate that our new store openings will come into play very much as we are talking about them today in that 7% to 10% range, kind of zeroing in probably on an 8%, and our investment and outside sales people, as we have mentioned in last quarters call will be continuing at a very high pace and be influenced within a range of the higher low-end of our range in that upper teens neighborhood really based on with our top line we are seeing and as Will mentioned, we can influence that in a relatively short timeframe to the upper lower end of that scale.
Will Oberton: One of the other positives that we are seeing out of the outside sales program is that the sales generated by the outside sales people calling at smaller accounts, the margins are running at three to four points over the company average, so if that is the growth that fuels or that drives our growth, we have some upside on the margin to help pay for these program too. There are the huge customers with that group, the small more traditional Fastenal customer.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Obviously, if you can continue to grow at this level, you start spinning off a fair amount of profitability and leverage and that type of thing, are there other areas that given that increasing profit and cash flow that you would want to invest in, I guess, specifically, are the management ranks kind of where you want them or do you want to add managers, reduce maybe the size of the geographies that they cover, anything of that sort that would go hand in hand with this now that it is beginning to kick in?
Will Oberton: I do not know if it goes hand in hand with that, but we have made a decision in the fourth quarter to try and reduce the average number of stores per District Manager. The District Manager, the field leaders and the store managers report to, and that number had been growing and the average number of stores have been growing and we made a very conscious effort with Nick Lundquist and Leland Hein going district by district and bringing that back, but we have already put those people in place and we have basically paid for them by taking savings in other areas, mainly support labor, so it was not a greater investment overall, it was just a greater investment in leading our troops in the field. We believe that ten is a good average number for the number of stores per DM, now that is going to range from 6 to 15 more than likely.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: And you are sort of at 10 now. That process of putting more people in place is complete?
Will Oberton: We should be right at ten. 11.5, so we will see a few more.
Holden Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Now, did most of those get out in the fourth quarter or was that cost largely borne in the fourth quarter, therefore it is kind of in there?
Will Oberton: It was added in the third and fourth quarter, so almost all of it is in there.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Lehman Brothers, Stan Wayne.
Stan Wayne  Lehman Brothers: Just a question that was regarding your comment about the first 14 days of January, you saw trends that are similar to Q4. I think January probably has slightly more favorable comps, but could you talk about kind of the core trends out there and perhaps some of the end market trends that you are seeing?
Will Oberton: The end market trends we are seeing right now are very similar to the fourth quarter. Now, we will have to qualify that within the last few weeks, I have not been with many customers, I have been out in several of our stores and I am getting positive reports, but I have not spoken to a lot of customers. The larger accounts I think, you put out the key account numbers. Our large accounts grew at just over 13% in the fourth quarter that is tracking in line. Some of the major changes were there, but we are really seeing nice growth from these small to medium sized accounts and that is being driven by our ability to distribute product on time and accurately and solve problems and that we are just making more sales calls. We are really out there hitting and pounding on the doors harder and for the first fourteen days, January is a little easier than December, but we are really looking at the October to January. As a company, we have always looked at our October to January growth because historically, I believe we are at 1.5%. The daily average in January would be 1.5% over the daily average in October, and that is the trend line that we are seeing right now through the 14 days in the month. So it is more of a different view than year-over-year, does that make sense?
Stan Wayne  Lehman Brothers: Yes, it does. And just going back to the December sale, I think that was the result of December was better than what most of us had anticipated, you talked about that you think part of that acceleration in daily sales growth rate in the fourth quarter versus third quarter came from the pathway to profit starting to contribute, is there any way to quantify like what would have daily sales been without the benefits in pathway to profit in December.
Will Oberton: We really do not know that because it is fast and we would have opened another 140 stores and they would have contributed to it, so you would really have to dissect it. I will go back to what I said in my earlier comments. If you look at the growth in our five-plus stores, the way it grew sequentially month to month and I have put my sheet back out here, 6.3, 7.9, 9.6, I think we are beating the economy there. We are outperforming what the market is giving us and these are the stores that what really dropped to bottom line is that the big stores are growing and they are the most profitable stores or what the bottom line is what I meant to say.
Dan Florness: But we are very reluctant to try to pull the pieces out because that is who we are today. We are a company opening 8% more stores and adding sales people.
Stan Wayne  Lehman Brothers: Pathway to profit is a monthly thing, so you think you will start calling it PTP in line with the whole CST?
Will Oberton: Who knows.
Dan Florness: There are too many acronyms.
Will Oberton: It is just a world of acronyms.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Morgan Keegan, Brent Rakers.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  Dan, earlier, I think in your comments, you talked a little bit about the payroll numbers coming in I think higher than you expected and commissioned and again, I guess driven by the better revenues, I was wondering if you could maybe put some firmer numbers on those?
Dan Florness:  I do not have real firm numbers that is right on my fingertips, but I can tell you this, the commission numbers and the percentage of sales were consistent. It was more of common on the absolute dollar, it came in higher because our sales came in better than I expected. We were very pleased with Decembers results.
Will Oberton:  The increase in dollars between the third quarter and the fourth quarter can all be attributed to the 401K match increase and the profit bonus because the way our 401K match works is that we have to exceed 16% operating profit, our pre-tax profit before it kicks in and last year, I believe we were at 16.4% pre-tax and so we are just barely there, but once it goes up, and so it is a very positive increase because it is a very positive problem because it is coming back to benefit our employees.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: Dan and Will, if the FTE numbers in the quarter, I think we are up about 14.5% year over year, do you think the total payroll number is about in line with that or a little above that or?
Dan Florness: Well, ignoring the profit piece that Will was touching on and the profit sharing piece that will was touching on, our payroll growth on an FTE growth, it was actually 14.1% for the month of December, it would trail that. The new folks coming in are early in their career and so they are not adding it at an equal weighted basis.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan: And then last question, I think in the press release you just briefly mentioned a comment about the general insurance cost? Could you maybe elaborate on that?
Dan Florness: In calendar of 2006, the big driver in our general insurance really centers on three things. The Workers Compensation portion, the vehicle fleet and our vehicle fleet that is split into two pieces, our semis as well as our store delivery vehicles, on the semi side of the equation, we had from a trends standpoint, a very safe year. We had very good results from the standpoint of occurrences of any kind of accidents et cetera and so that was trending quite nicely. Workers Compensation, sometimes what you see when the economy weakens is Workers Compensation expenses going up. We did not see that. And then the third and final piece which I consider a real plus, if you can appreciate this, now that I am 44 years old, I am getting on the other end of the spectrum, I am 44 years old with four children. I am on the other end of the spectrum when it comes to driving, but when I was in my 20s, I was not quite as safe a driver as I am today. We have a lot of folks in our organization, young people driving our vehicles everyday and our frequency of accidents is improving on a year over year basis. Despite the fact, we have added all these outside sales people and each have a vehicle they are driving, and so it improved our trend and it improved from what I would have expected in the fourth quarter and in the third and I believe puts us in a nice position going into the next year.
Will Oberton: Part of the frequency, we have made a real conscious effort to try and do better background checks on our new employees. They actually have to get a Fastenal drivers license to drive our vehicles where we check little things that make a big difference in the end.
Operator:  Our next question will come from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Gross profit margins solidly at 51% throughout 07 and Will, I think you mentioned smaller customer size as you roll out pathway to profit here, could you discuss in 2008 what you see the impact from the China value-added tax and then overall, I believe Will, you mentioned that you thought you could sustain a 51%, could you just give us an idea what the put and takes are there and what your level of confidence is even if the demand environment slows somewhat?
Will Oberton:  If you look at our numbers historically, Dave, our margin has not dropped in recessionary times. If you go back to 2001 or go back to the early 90s, we have always been able to maintain our gross margin through slower times. Part of it is, it normally slows down first in a smaller cost pickup because there is more maintenance and repair and less building. So that is good for our business from a margin standpoint. As far as the Chinese value-added tax, the positive about that is that it is across the board. It is not a selective thing like someone buys better than another company and so that should not pass through the market, and the other positive on that is that it is going into only about half of our importing comes out of China, so it affects the fasteners and so it is a small group, a smaller part of our inventory and we have been able to pass it along so far. It really came in in July so you have seen six months of that increase and still had been able to maintain our margins. At the same time, we continue to resource products to help that out. Everyday we are looking for new lines, high quality product lines that we can bring in to soften some of the pressure from other areas like the value-added tax. The outside sales people are calling in smaller customers, that benefits yet our margin, I think that is more of a go forward, and it is what I meant to indicate there that it is an opportunity as we grow the business, and we are very, very focused on the margin, maybe a little more than we were one or two years ago. We have always been focused on it. We are working on it.
Dan Florness: To put some color to it, we will talk about the numbers to put. The only pull that we will be challenged with and we were challenged with this in the fourth quarter is what fuel pricing does, but I think we are executing well against that.
Will Oberton: I think we still have opportunity to improve the margin through transportation even in this economy with the high fuel prices.
Operator:  Our next question will come from John Ballioti with FTN Midwest Securities
John Ballioti - FTN Midwest Securities:  I was wondering if we could talk about free cash flow. You pointed out that that improved significantly over last year and I was just curious and you also discussed focusing on inventory turns, of the three working capital components on your balance sheet, and maybe Will or Dan, do you have an idea or some sort of a target as to where you think that might be by 08, back towards 2.2, how do you look at that because obviously that would swing that combined ratio you look at the fastest?
Dan Florness: I will touch on that. As we stated last spring and the couple of conference calls, really our goal is over the next several years is to move that closer to a hundred and fifty days of inventory on hand versus the closer to 170 that we have been running at and the only reason I am a little bit cautious on, I am making a real strong statement on next year is the impact of some of the inflation in our products, but this year, we grew it just over 10%. I think that is a very attractive place for us to be. I would like us to be in a single digit number next year, and our question is in making the investments we want to make with new stores with our ala carte inventory with specific inventory and our distribution base and also driving our direct sourcing, doing those four things and still growing our inventory at less than 10% in calendar 08.
John Ballioti - FTN Midwest Securities: The other component of your free cash is you had a nice, I do not know how you want to characterize it, maybe more efficient use of CapEx, historically, it has been a little bit above 4% over these last couple of years and this year, it looks like it declined to just under 3 as a percent of sales, is that something that is more of a normalized basis now that you would think about for the next couple of years?
Dan Florness: The CapEx number that came in less than I would have expected this year and probably the biggest driver of that is our distribution center that we are building in Dallas was delayed in the middle of the year because of weather considerations. It was pretty wet down in the area where we are building and the construction was delayed, and so that number came in less than I would have expected that CapEx came in about $50 million, the year before that, it was about $73 million. When I looked at the next two years, we have the projects going on in Dallas as well as project going on at our Indianapolis facility with both expansion of the building and installing an ASRS system at both of those locations. And so our CapEx will be in the $70 million to $80 million range, net CapEx when I look at 2008 and probably in that similar range in 2009 and then I think it tapers off a little bit.
Operator:  Our final question will come from Louie Itoma (ph) with Delta Partners. 
Louie Itoma - Delta Partners: I guess what I wanted to try to understand, and I know you said that the trends of January are positive, but just looking at the business and the context of the numbers that we have seen recently with the numbers, and if you go back to the last time we had economic downturn, your stores that were over five years old were down I think 10% in 2000 and around the same in 01, so if you could help me understand how you guys look at that in terms of if you do enter another type of environment similar to that. Is that kind of a downside to your mature stores or are the initiatives that you are doing are enough to offset that?
Dan Florness: I will comment on that, when you look back to the 2001 timeframe, for the year, I do not have the numbers in front of me, I am going by memory here so excuse me if I am off a little bit, I believe we contracted about 2.5%. The worst month, which was I believe November  October of 01, we were down about 10% to 11% in that group of stores. The weak environment becomes very challenging for our five-plus year old stores because they have a meaningful market share in the local market and it is a customer basis spending less. They are really finding a head win. As far as our investments now, once they do encounter that, Will touched on it earlier in the call and we probably should say it about five or ten times out loud because I think it is such a huge statement. Our five-plus year old store, December I think is a tough environment and our five-plus year old stores did not just hold ground, they improved and historically the number I have always cited looking at our data for the last 20 years is our five-plus year old stores. When they are growing in the low double digits that is 10% to 13% neighborhood that is usually a sign of good economy. That is usually a sign that we are executing well. We have a strong economy and things are going well. The executing well part I think is occurring, when I look at the fourth quarter particularly in December and so I think that puts us very good position for a weekend environment to be able to grow and move the needle on our operating margins. We will start that in the pathway to profit, even in a tough environment.
Will Oberton:  I think one difference that you go back to 2000 and 2001, is we were going in a very strong environment and it really just almost like we fell off the edge. We believe 2007, the entire year was slow looking at our customer activity and the fourth quarter was probably the slowest part of the year, so it may slow down more, time will tell, but I do not think it is going to drop like it did, the drop will be slower or less severe is what we are predicting. We will see as the numbers come in.
Operator:  And at this time, there appears to be no further questions in the queue. 
Will Oberton:  Thank you.
Dan Florness:  Thanks everybody again for listening to our call today.
Operator:  That does end the conference today. We would like to thank everyone for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-11 23:00:00) =====
Executives: Willard D. Oberton - President and CEODaniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andCFO
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & CoMichael A. Hamilton - RBC Dain RauscherDaniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity ResearchHolden Lewis - BB&T Capital MarketsAdam Uhlman - Cleveland Research CompanyJohn Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities CorpMichael Cox - Piper JaffrayJeffrey S. Germanotta - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2007 Quarter Three Earnings Conference. This call will be hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 minutes. Today's conference will start with a general overview by our Fastenal hosts, Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for question and answers. As a reminder, certain statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and are thus perspective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and any other factors, which can cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenal's quarter earnings and annual SEC filings. Mr. Oberton, please go ahead.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much Sera and thank you everyone for coming on and joining us for our conference call this morning. This morning, I am actually reporting in from or calling in from Nashville, New Hampshire. I am out here for some sales meetings and so my comments will be more brief and Dan will be covering more of the information. I'll give you my thoughts on the overall quarter; generally we are very pleased with the quarter. The one area of disappointment was revenue growth. We were one point to two points below what we thought we would be and that caused the shortfall on earnings. But if you break the numbers out and look at all the pieces, most things actually came in very good. We are pleased with our progress and margins were back to 51%. That's really what we had stated earlier in the year. You'll continue to see improvement there, we believe going forward that we still have a lot of room to move the margin overtime through transportation initiatives, purchasing and just good business practices. From the earnings standpoint, as I said earlier, it was a little lower than we had expected and that was really due to the revenue, it was not an expense issue at all. With one to two points higher revenue, which we had thought we would have going into the quarter, the earnings would have came in more on plan. On the balance sheet side, I am very pleased with the progress we have made. I have to give a lot of credit of that... for the balance sheet to Dan and his group. The inventories are good shape. AR continues the track very well and we are in a very strong position. As far as our pathway to profit and our hiring plan, we are right on-track where we thought we would be. Our sales headcount is up 18.4% year-over-year. Our support group is up about 7.5% when you blend the distribution with the other support people. So overall, we are right where we need to be. The aggressive hiring also made it higher... harder to hit the earnings estimate, but I really think we are doing the right thing by hiring the outside sales people, controlling our support growth and we are setting ourselves up very well going into 2008 and beyond. So overall if I had to talk about the quarter and explain the quarter which I did yesterday in my Board meeting is, I explained the third quarter of 2007 as a good quarter, not a great quarter but a good quarter. What you can look for going forward from a hiring and expense standpoint is we see... I would forecast lower hiring in the fourth quarter, in the second half of the fourth quarter, that's very typical that we will slow it down through the holidays and then pick it up again in the first quarter. So, for the most part, business is on-track, revenue is tracking a little slower than we had hoped, but other than that I am very positive with the way the business is running at this time. With that... and I will also be on for Q&A. With that I will turn it over to Dan Florness, and Dan will give you a lot more color into the specifics of the quarter. Thanks Dan.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Good morning everyone. I am going to use the earnings release sales that somewhat in my outline and things I'm going to cover, to make it easier for everybody following. As noted in the first page of the earnings release, we are pleased that for both the three-month period, the quarter ended September 30th as well as the nine-month period, we have been able to leverage operating earnings, net earnings and earnings per share. The operating earnings leverage has been enhanced by the fact that what it was earlier with our gross margin improvement, has really allowed us in the year of 2000 to move aggressively into our pathway of profit, which really from a standpoint of the three months and nine months ended September, has been a net drag because of the investments for making additional people and I will touch more on that in a few minutes. But the add in gross margin has given us the ability to add some of that SG&A costs and for the impacts, we believe will occur into 2008 and into the future, as we discussed back in April at our investor conference, of allowing us to continue to grow the organization handsomely, increase the average size of our store overtime and let the natural profitability enhancements that come with migrating from the less than 50 group to 50 to 100 group to 100 to 150 group and 150 plus, and the profitability that moves with that. As noted in the Earnings Release the net earnings saw a leverage up in the third quarter, but it's pretty much in line with the operating earnings in the nine-month period and I would largely attributed to income tax item that I'll cover a little bit later and the EPS did leverage up slightly above net earnings, because of the stock buybacks we have been doing last year and into this year. Moving down the page, we look at the sales growth in the different categories; as Will mentioned in... as discussion of our top line; it is a challenging environment out there. We... with the June numbers coming in close to 15% growth, we had really hoped that that growth would extend into the third quarter and give us added lift and allow us to leverage up additionally, looking at the third quarter with the added lift that would have come from the 15%. We feel our earnings growth would have been around in the 18% category and it would have given us a nice leverage point. As that moves closer to 13.5, that leverage point started to dry up pretty fast. Looking into some specifics to the de-leverage. I broke out a few because I think it's useful for the... we, the financial to understand some components of our SG&A, and how that really is factored into our ability to leverage or not to leverage and how we see that going forward. In the case of the payroll category, year-to-date our payroll growth is around 12%. For the fourth... excuse me third quarter that number was approximately 14%. So we had some negative leverage on payroll and as we've discussed in the past payroll and related cost i.e. healthcare etcetera represents about 70% of our SG&A. So when we lose some leverage there, it has a pretty dramatic impact on our overall performance. If I look at occupancy we really haven't seen a benefit in occupancy related to cap with the profit. We'll really see that going in the fourth quarter and more pronounced going into next, year when the fact that we are opening about 8% in the stores a year versus 14 really starts to be felt, when we aren't seeing such as many stores added in the fourth quarter of the year. On an occupancy standpoint, year-to-date our occupancy is up about 22%. For the quarter occupancy was up about 18%. And so, what we have been able to do is we are starting to move that closer and closer to our... to getting that into the low double-digits, which is our goal and really accomplishing that by being very, very cautious and very, very creative about how we merchandise our stores, how much space we take for that product, how we structure that product within the store to make it as efficient use of the square footage as possible, so we can stay in locations longer, opening locations, good locations. But be very, very aggressive with what kind of space we need for that location to make it as efficient as possible from an occupancy standpoint. The other biggest item within SG&A is our vehicle pool, which includes our store delivery vehicle, the fuel that goes into them. Year-to-date that expense category is up about 15.5% and in the third quarter, we stopped some challenging trends in fuel prices and that category was up about 18%. So, I thought I would at least give some insight in to some de-leverage items or items that that gave us some challenges during the quarter, and where that is year-to-date, because I think that helps you look into fourth quarter and look in the next quarter... next year to understand, where are those leverage points? For us to where the leverage really took off if we had gotten above 13.5, got closer to 15, we would have seen a meaningful change in our leverage. Looking at current initiatives, I think they speak for themselves in our earning release. I will add a couple of things; touched on in the release the movement away a little bit from the CSP2 and the CSP3 distinctions and moving more to an 'a la carte', one thing we found in CSP2 is that we were adding a lot of good products, the products that sell well for us. But depending on the local demographics of our customer, they might sell better or not as well or maybe you need more or less depth of certain items, given the local market demographics and the 'a la carte' really allows us to move that direction. It goes... in my mind, it complements very well to our pathway to profit, of arming our sales folks with the best products that will sell in end- markets and also products they are comfortable selling. If we have a market that the individuals selling it really comfortable with the commercial construction segment, they might emphasize some of that more, because it's a good strength for them in local environment and they have good experience in it. In fact I think it works very well. I think it also allows us... as we have mentioned in previous quarters, it allows us to really address our working capital and our inventory in getting the best utilization of that inventory throughout the network. And the case of IHUB, I am happy to say, we continue to move... invest in our master stocking hub in Indianapolis. Sorry I used an internal reference. We have continued to add inventory into that. Its... that as well as store openings year-to-date, are the big drivers of the inventory growth that we do have and I am pleased to say that 130,000 SKUs that we talked about last spring and a year ago, well we are at that number now. So we really are in a position where we have an in-stock catalog and that's a great selling tool for our sales organization and as well I'd mentioned in our April meeting, we made a lot of changes in our Indianapolis facility in a relatively short time. We put a lot of weight on their shoulders and frankly almost buried some of the delays and they really have stepped up in our... in position now to really react well and service the needs of their local region, as well as the inventory needs of the company. I think that's a great tool for us going into the future. The income taxes, as I mentioned earlier, we did see a lower tax rate during the quarter and touched that on page four of our release. Really it what was the case under FIN 48, the defining term is discreet events. FIN 48 didn't change the number for the quarter, in fact, the circumstances did. We just called it a different thing, we called it a discreet event, but we did have outstanding years that were under review. They... we settled down all the outstanding years, and we settled out better than we thought we would, and we were able to pick up slight adjustment to the quarter of approximately $770,000 which lowered our tax rate. Going forward, these events really don't have an impact our core booking rate and that 382 neighborhood we have been in, we believe as our rate going forward. Looking at working capital as well touched on pleased with the progress on the balance sheet side of the equation. I am extremely pleased with the progress on the balance sheet side of the equation. Several years ago, we talked about our call center in Caledonia; they made dramatic impact on our accounts receivable and our cash flow, starting from February '05 and through the end of 2006. The impacts are starting to lessen some and it's really a function of the numbers that are coming up against, on a year-over-year basis are becoming much more challenging, which is causing them to become much more creative and innovative with how they... how we present invoices to our customers, how we... are calling tenants etcetera and I am pleased to say, we continue to make progress, growing our accounts receivable year-over-year 11.5 on 13.5% sales growth, 13.7%, September. I think it's still a testament to innovative ideas that were put into place there and I credit my team for that. On the inventory side, the inventory growth that we do have year-to-date of 7.2, I am very pleased with that number. In the first nine months of last year, we grew our inventory about 16%. Most of that inventory growth is really about product that's going into distribution particularly on Master hub in Indianapolis as well as two of these new stores that we have opened thus far this year. So from that standpoint I think, we are doing a great job of managing the inventory elsewhere. One item I touchdown in the release and I'll try not to go into too much detail to keep on boring the audience. We have implemented starting in July, a process at our store level, we call inventory redistribution and really what the concept is, a year and a half ago we talked about inventory draw downs where we were pulling surplus inventories out of our stores and doing it in lumps at a time. Inventory redistribution is really about identifying need at the store level on a geographic region of the country and finding actionable inventory that we can pull from another store that constantly rebalance our inventory everyday, a little bit at a time. And right now... we do just over a 100,000 picks in our distribution centers a day, I believe it's about 118,000 -120,000 picks. We do about 6,000 picks a day at our store. So really our stores are now in extension of our distribution centers from the standpoint of getting products to our customer when it's needed most. And it allows us to be much more efficient at utilizing our inventory and I look very optimistic towards continuing improvements we can make at out inventory balance of this year and into next. And I think, we are very much on path with the plans we talked about earlier in the year in April. Looking at over the next five years, we've challenged ourselves to raise our operating cash flow from that $0.50 to $0.70 on the dollar, so for every dollar of earnings throwing off operating cash of $0.50 to $0.70, challenged ourselves to raise that up to the mid eighties and really believe we can through a combination of improving our profitability and improving the leverage of our inventory, but really the inventory size over the next five years. And as I noted in the... I didn't note in the release but I noted as of preparing for the call and preparing some of our projections, I am pleased to say that in the first nine months of last year our operating cash to earnings came in at 53% or $0.53 to the dollar, excuse me. In the first nine months of 2007 that number is $0.91 from the dollar and continues to be a very strong cash flow position for the company. The pathway to profits; only thing I'll cuts on that is point out that we added some additional disclosures to the release this quarter, really the stuff that we are putting in our monthly sales releases I added to our earnings release, talking about store, personnel growth in FTE, really investing our growth labor dollars at a store level directly into the selling energy of the organization and leveraging the support infrastructure of the organization, which as we mentioned earlier is really more akin to the added personnel we had in the past and administrative support was akin to store openings and less related to pure sales growth. We did do some additional stock repurchases during the quarter. Year-to-date, we've bought back 884,000 shares and at that I am getting too above the 20-minute point. So I am going to stop. I am going to turn it back to Sara and I would open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will go first to David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Hi good morning.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Good morning, Dave.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Just wondering in terms of the SG&A growth rate. It seems like that fulcrum had been driven down significantly or recently and it ticked up a little bit sequentially. Well you mentioned that your hiring trends and the pathway to profit was right on target. I am wondering what we should expect there going forward in terms of that leverage point, I know that the sales came in a little bit later than you thought this quarter, but should we...
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I lost you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I think should we... Sara?
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Did we loose everyone?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am still here
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Okay, Will.
Operator: : Again please press star one, caller.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Dan. Why don't you... my guess is Dave was just going towards give a little more visibility on leverage point and labor trends going into fourth quarter into next year, if you want to touch on that.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Okay like but is he there?
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Can you hear me well?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I can you hear Dave. Anyone else?
Operator: : Mr. Manthey your line is open again sir.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay thank you. Yes Dan that summarized it well. That's what I am looking for just in terms of SG&A.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: From... okay Dave, I will try and cover that.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Got it.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Going forward we will have very low store openings. We will open 8 to 10 stores this quarter, so that will help us from a growth or expense standpoint and from hiring standpoint we will add additional people in October and then it will be very flat. So our leverage point for the fourth quarter should be at roughly, the second, third quarter... its going to be above what it has been, if you level that out, meaning the hiring will slowdown but our sales are going to slowdown at the same level. So if we are able to grow our business... if we grow our business in the 13% to 14% range, it will be hard to see a lot of earnings leverage. If we are able to get an uptick in our sales, up to the 15% range, then we should show earnings leverage as Dan described in his commentary. Does that help you?
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Yes that does and Will, I know comps get easier, as you move forward here. Is your outlook that things do tick up just because of the easier comps or any comments you have into fourth quarter in '08?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the Cops don't... they get a little but easier but not a lot easier on the overall because if you look at... I guess two or three points. We are really hoping that we can drive revenue by doing a better job of selling. I recognize that revenue is our biggest problem... revenue growth is probably our biggest problem, that's why I am in New Hampshire today working on sales initiatives. So we are going to work very hard at trying, driving that growth up with... the 18% additional people should translate in the higher revenue going forward.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: We will go next to Mike Hamilton of RBC Dain Rauscher.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Good morning.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Hello, Mike.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: I am wondering if you could comment a little bit on what you are seeing geographically at this stage, just walk through the regions?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: For the most part Mike, we are seeing the West Coast, mainly California and Florida are slower for us. And really it's the areas that have a really bad housing problems or appear to have bad housing problems, based on what's reported. You take out Southwest and you take out the very part of the Southeast mainly Florida, the rest of the country is very consistent, where we are seeing regions slightly above, slightly below that 13% throughout the country, with nobody way above or way below. So it doesn't... it seem like it's pretty much flat out there in those two areas, and those two areas are way down. We are also seeing good growth in Canada.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks. As a follow on there, you commented and decided to tighten down occupancy here. Are there parts of the country, where you are not pleased with what you've got in terms of efficiency there?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's really not parts of the country; we think we got a little bit ahead of ourselves, trying to upgrade our stores and we're just taking a tighter approach like Dan said the merchandising in display. So when we open a new store, we don't need 5000 feet; may we go to 3500, and we have got a little bit ahead of ourselves and so look hard, it rather goes with that occupancy where it is.
Michael A. Hamilton - RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks, and thanks for all the detail.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Thanks Mike.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Whang of Lehman Brothers. Mr. Whang your line is open.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Good morning Dan.
Daniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Hi, good morning. Sorry. The first question was regarding the sales force, ramp up process, it seems like that's tracking... could you go into a little bit more detailed about the amount of training that's being required and I think when you initially rolled out the Pass way to profit strategy, you talked about some of the infrastructure needed to sort of hone in terms of performance measurement and, in fact, some of the productivity technology, may be just an update on those items.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, there is a lot pieces of that; starting at the training, we have them revamping our new employee training to focus far more on outside the store versus inside the store, that's a two week program. We have rolled out our hand held computer, its called Symbol MC70 to over half of the sales force. That roll out will complete in the first quarter. So everyone will have the hand held computer. By the middle of November, we'll have almost all of the upgrades and software downloaded to the system. We are doing a lot of... we have all the measurements in place as far as the scorecard, the expectations. That's actually what I'm doing... I'm doing a 14-city tour, working with everybody in small groups. It's an all day sales session with six meetings, going through the expectations. So now it's really about seeing who is performing, who is not and then addressing it at the district, the store and the sales level. So going through the process, we know that we have to become far better as the sales organization from a management standpoint. We've always been very good at the store but we need to organize it companywide and I am confident that we are seeing a lot of improvement there but on odd thought we working to see what are the people telling me, what do they know and for the most part, we have been a nice guy but there are still too many people who aren't completely informed as to what our company goals are and that's the purpose of these trends.
Daniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Okay and in terms of the, obviously this first round of the sales force expansion, I think have you being focusing on certain geographic markets or end-markets, strategic accounts?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't. What we've been focused on is adding them in our most successful stores wherever those happen to be in the company, meaning that appear in the bottom half of the performance ranking at the store level, you won't be getting people added additionally to tell you perform at a higher level. It's basically investing good money with good money.
Daniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Okay and finally I think you had commented that the end-markets remain challenging. And I was wondering if you can just perhaps provide a little bit more color I mean, I think as many...
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Yes, Dan.
Daniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Yes.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I am going to jump in. Last call we ran in to a few folks that couldn't on. So I am going to ask you to get back in queue with that one.
Daniel Whang - Lehman Brothers Equity Research: Okay.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Holden Lewis with BB&T has our next question.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, thank you.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Hi Holden.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning. The gross margin side rebounded nicely in Q2 which was expected, but you are sustaining that 51% level, I think the headwind in the quarter would have been that your mix of Fastener business which I think has specially better margin, that kind of hit historic lows and so one could argue that you did a good job keeping the gross margin where it was despite that headwind. Can you talk about what were the incremental contributors to sustaining that gross margin and whether or not that mix drag and the national accounts drag sort of ... how you're going to continue to offset that going forward, just further detail on that?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Hey, Will I will take that one.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: There is really two headwinds in the quarter. Holden you are exactly right. Our fasteners as a percentage of sales dropped from the... dropped down to about 15.5% and it is actually the lowest percent we have ever reported. And so that did create some headwind. And the second one is fuel cost created some headwind because the fuel that goes... the diesel fuel that goes into our distribution fleet really is a meaningful thing for us in the scheme of our gross margin. If I look at piece of the equation that they help us, one of them is the initiative we've talked in the past about and that is our direct sourcing Scott Camp and his team have built a great organization for us on our direct sourcing and we have improved dramatically over the last several years and that continues to give us incremental gains when I look at from quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. So that's one piece in there that's come in the plan and that helps us in the fastener line, but it also help us dramatically in non-fastener line. The other piece of the equation is when I look at our transportation, our distribution costs in general, we were able to hold the line if you will, from the standpoint we are able to offset the added fuel cost by just being more efficient with the mono product we are holding in our trucks, the amount that Will called and how we are handling the distribution, the trucking in general and so it's really a case of those headwinds we are able to offset.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think one thing going forward Holden, that we are counting on to help us as we grow the outside sales force that we are adding, most of these people are focused on small to medium customers. The margin for the group as a whole the accounts that are signed to the outside sales people runs three points ahead of the company average, actually just slightly higher than. So if they were to outgrow the company which we believe they can or grow their peers, it will help us overall with the margin mix, besides the better sourcing as we go forward.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: And just to quickly follow up on the fuel stuff; I think where you gave the dollars in your release, I think you indicated that so far this year your fuel cost has averaged 2.1, 2.5, 2.4. Were those numbers for each month during the quarter? Were those the last three quarters numbers?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Those numbers were the average monthly number for each of the quarters we talked about. So, if we take $2.4 million, that's the average month in that quarter.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Right, okay, and so for the prior year is 1.9, 2.1. 2.2, I mean it actually looks like the... the fuel impact was less of an issue in Q3 than it was in Q2?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Yes, and that's what I was alluding to. The fact that despite the increase in per gallon costs, we were able to continue improving... how we are moving product, and how we are picking up product, how we are transferring product from hub to hub to more than... to offset it.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay and that's just routing efficiencies?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: All of the above.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes okay.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are working hard on it.
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: And that's largely sustainable right?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's...
Holden Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. All right, thank you guys.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: : We will move next to Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Hi good morning.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Good morning Adam.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: I guess still Dan's question here; could you talk about what you are hearing from your store base and your customers specifically regarding your big end-markets industrial MRO, OEM and also a non-res construction?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll take that and if you want to follow up Dan. I am starting at the back at the non-res construction. It seems to be slowing some, job starts are not where they were, but there are certain areas that are real hot. Energy is red hot, the ethanol especially in the Midwest where we operate is very good. But fewer office buildings and some of the other things... it's more mechanical that the petrochem is still doing well on the non-res. From a large manufacturing perspective; our big customers and our big suppliers, all of them are very cautious. Most of them are doing very well on international basis and that's what driving their numbers, but their North American businesses are slow and I talked to a lot of leaders of the these businesses and they are very cautious saying what's going to go into 2008. So we are kind of playing our cards the same. But in the MRO, the MRO has always being the most consistent part our business because if you don't build new, you have to maintain old and so that is a very smooth business with the construction and the manufacturing being the two of that seem to be as far more cyclical.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it and then my second question, could you comment us to what the benefits of revenue growth was this quarter from price increases, and how should we think about that going forward. Have you gotten any signals from your suppliers regarding pending price increases?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We saw very, very little gain going forward this quarter in price increase, as normally price increases would come at the end or the beginning of a year, fourth quarter and first quarter when the suppliers... right now the steel prices are going up slightly out of Asia, but the biggest thing that we have going right now with price increases is the repeal of the VAT tax in China, over the year tax credit they were giving for export product and on our Fastenal products that we buy from China there will be between an 8% and a 13% increase, representing... that's on about 10% of our spend. Those products will go up. We are working through that now and that will come in between now and the end of the year, the prices actually went up in China at July 1, but everything we had purchased and had in the pipeline it's really just starting to come through. As far as other price increases we will have better color on that in January because no one is coming through with a regular annual price increases at this time.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company: Great thanks.
Operator: Up next from FTN Midwest Securities, we will go to John Baliotti.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Good morning. I was just curious about the...
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: How are you guys doing? I was just curious about the that combined ratio and you guys talked about the receivables and inventory ratio. As you mentioned in the earnings release, you have been able to keep the growth and receivables lower than that of sales. But obviously, the balance sheet impact, the receivables is significantly smaller than the inventory. So I was just wondering do you feel that you can get a meaningful pick up in the receivable turn on it's own that would obviously as you grow out the master hub and the other initiatives with the stores and inventory that, that obviously has a little bit of headwind, but in total you feel that perceivable future benefit be meaningfully better than where it is today?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I do because as we see what the things we are still doing to challenge ourselves on... how do we just... a lot of it comes down to make and I am talking about the AR here. A lot of it comes down just being an easy company to deal with; simple presentation of your invoice, making it convenient for your customer. One thing that we did several years ago with our customers that do less $1000 a month in business with us, we migrated them more to a statement concept of billing where we instead of mailing out invoices each week, we had mailed them several invoices mid month and at the end of month we had mailed the balance of their invoices with the statement, and it just made it easier for them to pay us, because you've push a lot paper art, there's much more openness to going to other ways of billing, whether that's presented by e-mail or presented in some type of electronic fashion and what that can do from the standpoint of not only presenting but how the payment comes back, whether that's fee-based payment or electronic payment, really gives you tools to improve your days to collect, without it being a negative to your customer base. And so, I think there are still opportunities there to continue to move that number down from the low 40s or add into the upper 30s. But I think the working capital on that, that three to one relationship, we talked about, the real improvements we will see over the next several years is more tends to be inventory side of the equation.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Right.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: You'vejust got to leverage that, the investment going into our master hub, are dropping off, quickly as far as incremental investment.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Right.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: And floor store openings. In stores opening.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Yes, I mean it seems like a may be even 20 or 30 basis points improvement in the inventory turn alone would work. And even if the receivables stay where it was, it would be a huge benefit to that combined ratio.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Absolutely, because for every dollar they are, we have over $2 of about $2 of inventory.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Right and just to quickly wrap that up. How long do you think that you are going see the short-term impact or the impact of the inventory build as you think you start to see that decline, let's say some time next year or do you still have to get that in going out?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I think we have already started to see the decline and I think... and I anticipate that decline continuing well through our business. And the only challenge that we'll have introduced into that that will be new, some of the inflation in Drugstores product that Will mentioned a few minutes ago.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Yes, I guess I am not sure you mentioned it was the growth rate of that relative your sales, seems to be a little bit wider this year than it was last year. I am just wondering this 8% looking back in the 7% is your comparisons for that? Otherwise you did almost 17% growth in inventory and 13.5% for sales, that you pointed out, where as last year that difference was only about 200 basis point; '08 going to moderate for that?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: By the end of the year that will look much better because most of the inventory build is in the fourth quarter last year?
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Right
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Year-to-date, we are only up 7% and we think going towards the end of the year the year-over-year number will be much closer to that then its is today.
John Baliotti - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corp: Okay. Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: We will go to Michael Cox of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Thanks, good morning. My question is related to the gestation period of new sales reps. I was wondering if you could comment on the time it takes from higher to training and then on to becoming a more productive sales person, how long that takes and during that time period given the macro back drop you are operating in, if you can highlight any specific internal initiatives you have to try and drive sales back to that 50% level.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are still working on really dialing and what is the necessary amount of time, right now based on the productivity of the people we hired in 2006, 15 in months is where we are really starting to make money of that individual, three months to get them up and going and 12 months of selling and by the end of the fifteenth month, its been a very... it's a very profitable investment for us. But we are still trying to work that down through better training and doing some different things. The initiatives that we are going to try the drive the number up right now is getting out to the people who have been around and explaining the expectations and doing a better a job of making sure that all of our store managers and district managers are leading the people. What I am finding out that in too high of a percent and that meaning 25% to 30% of the cases I'm talking to people. In the last three weeks, I've been in front of about 700 sales people and small group meetings, 25 or less. There are about... quarter of the people aren't really being led, they are good people but we are just letting them going. So we have to work with our managers and our district managers to bring these people closer, explain the expectations and hopefully that alone will drive greater sales growth from these people, so they understand the objectives and the company goal.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks. And one quick question on the cash flow. With the improvement in working capital, should we expect you to become a little bit more aggressive, repurchasing stock over next couple of two, three quarters?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's yours, Dan.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: We will continue to be buying back stock, I think we have done... we would make a good stride, as far this year. One thing to keep in perspective on stock repurchases... for us it's a relatively new phenomenon and we are still trying to figure our way through it and... but I would anticipate we will continue to be in the market and I wouldn't be... I want to go out on a limp here but I would expect us to continue to make meaningful buyback.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we've Dan, one authorization up to about million shares at this point?
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: I think we have a 1.2 million left on our authorization.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: So that gives you an idea of what Dan and I can approve.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: : And our final question today comes from Jeff Germanotta from William Blair.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Germanotta - William Blair & Company: Well I really wanted to explore a little longer term the ramp of sales people and in terms of numbering quantity, but then also at what point do they get to a sales person to breakeven and then keep productivity?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well in order to breakeven, if they hit the averages they are going to breakeven in about 10 months, 10 months of selling which is actually 13 months of being... we are looking about 3 months to get them in to the roll. It takes one quarter and they are agreeing, understand that. Why there, why the 8 to 12 months depending on how they are doing they will be producing an enough sale to pay for themselves and being paying back the overhead of the company and to start paying to hire new people. So that's, that's where that is. Maximum productivity, we don't know where that is. We have sales people that are... they have been in five years managing the $100,000 a month that are still growing nicely. So as they become better, there is almost no limit and it's like saying, what's the biggest Fastenal store ever going to be? 10 years ago we would have said maybe 100,000 and now they are 500,000 and 600,000. As we develop people, they will get better and they will continue to grow to a higher level. As far as our headcount going forward; right now we are, based on worse or we think the sales are going to come in. For 2008, we are looking at adding between 15% and 20% more outside sales people or full time people to our stores. And that range is really based on our ability to grow the sales faster. If we are able to get our... drive our top line revenue closer to 20%, our hiring will be close to 20% for outside sales people and full time people in the stores. We will continue to work very hard in controlling our growth and our distribution and all other support areas. So we can create positive earnings leverage not by slowing down sales, but by saving in another areas.
Jeffrey S. Germanotta - William Blair & Company: Would it be fair to say that you will try to manage the hiring rate in the field to a level consistent with the sales growth rate?
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a good rule of thumb, and so we are going to be somewhere in there, but it really depends on if we are at the lower end or the upper end of that range. If we are at the upper... if we were at 20% we could get probably hire few more people and still have very positive leverage because then we are going to get more benefit out of the store, slower store openings with a higher revenue. But safe to say we are going to be aggressive with trying to grow our business because we believe that's the best opportunity long term for our shareholders.
Jeffrey S. Germanotta - William Blair & Company: We agree, thank you.
Daniel L. Florness - ExecutiveVice-President andChief Financial Officer: Sara I just have one comment I want to throw in and that was a clarification. I jotted down a few a notes as we were going through the Q&A and related to I believe it was Dave's question towards the front-end, might have been Mike. We talked about the leverage as we look into fourth quarter and just wanted to clarify, we will... based on where gross margins are trending, that would imply a gross margin leverage where we talked about having challenge in the ability to leverage, that's in the SG&A line, not in the operating income line. I just wanted to clarify that because looking in the fourth quarter, as we have experienced in previous quarters of this year, the gross margin is giving us a nice leverage point to allow us to proceed quiet aggressively in the pathway to profit.
Willard D. Oberton - President and Chief Executive Officer: And one final comments from me. I am traveling today, but I know some of you usually call me on earnings day. Leave a message and I will get back to you. I do have some time today to return calls, if anyone has questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you all for joining us.
