===== 2025 Q2  (2025-03-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2025 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Angie Park, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. Angie will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before Angie provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2025. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining this morning, and thank you to our more than 800,000 people around the world for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in a very strong quarter, creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. Starting with our quarter, we are very pleased with our results as we continue to deliver on our strategy to return to strong growth in FY ‘25. I will share some highlights from the quarter and then turn to an update on new developments since we were together in December in our federal business and the current environment more broadly. Our clients continue to prioritize large scale transformations and we are their reinvention partner of choice as reflected in our bookings of $20.9 billion, including 32 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million. We grew 8.5% in local currency with revenue of $16.7 billion at the top end of our guided range and we continue to take market share on a rolling four quarter basis against our basket of our closest global publicly traded competitors, which is how we calculate market share. We had another milestone quarter in Gen AI with $1.4 billion in new bookings and approximately $600 million in revenue. Operating margin contracted 20 basis points compared to adjusted operating margin last year, and we delivered EPS growth of 2% over Q2 FY ‘24 adjusted EPS. We continue to invest significantly in our business to drive additional growth in highly strategic areas with over $250 million deployed primarily across six strategic acquisitions and we invested in our people with approximately 15 million training hours this quarter, designed to help us bring the latest in solutions and technology to our clients, provide our people with marketable skills, and reinvent our services using Gen AI. We increased our data and AI workforce to approximately 72,000, continuing progress against our goal of 80,000 by the end of FY 2026. We continue to invest in creating and maintaining thriving communities, which is a component of our long-term growth strategy. This quarter, in India, we launched a transformative hospitality skilling program in collaboration with our client, Marriott International, which prepares disadvantaged use (ph) for entry-level jobs in the hospitality sector, including training for digital skills. Because we help our clients execute on some of their most important priorities, and we need to attract and retain the best people, recognition of Accenture as an ethical and admired company is critical for our clients' confidence and to attract these great talent. We are pleased that we have been recognized by Ethisphere, as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the 18th year in a row and for the third consecutive year, we ranked number one in our industry and among the top five overall on JUST Capital America's Most Just Companies. In addition, thanks to our clients, partners, and the wider business community, we earned the number one position in our industry for the 12th year in a row and number 30 overall, our highest paid on Fortune's list of the World's Most Admired Companies. Now for two updates. First, Accenture Federal Services. Federal represented approximately 8% of our global revenue and 16% of our Americas revenue in FY ‘24. As you know, the new administration has a clear goal to run the Federal government more efficiently. During this process, many new procurement actions have slowed, which is negatively impacting our sales and revenue. In addition, recently, the General Service Administration has instructed all federal agencies to review their contracts with the top 10 highest paid consulting firms contracting with the U.S. government, which includes Accenture Federal Services. The GSA's guidance would determinate contracts that are not deemed mission critical by the federal -- by the relevant federal agencies. While we continue to believe our work for federal clients is mission critical, we anticipate ongoing uncertainty as the government's priorities evolve and these assessments unfold. Based on our significant experience across federal and commercial clients, we see major opportunities over time for us to help consolidate, modernize, and reinvent the federal government to drive a whole new level of efficiency. Second, in recent weeks, we are seeing an elevated level of what was already significant uncertainty in the global economic and geopolitical environment, marking a shift from our first quarter FY ‘25 earnings report in December. At the same time, we believe the fundamentals of our industry remain strong and we are very well positioned with our clients because all strategies continue to lead to reinvention through new ways of working, tech, data, and AI. We are confident in executing our strategy to help clients reinvest. As you would expect, we are laser focused on bringing tremendous value to our clients. Our strengths lie in our agility as the market we operate and changes, utilizing our deep client and ecosystem relationships and our leading position in Gen AI and technology more broadly. We are also well diversified across markets, industries, and types of work, which enables us to continue to lead in a changing market context as we have done before. Over to you, Angie.
Angie Park: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in the second quarter, particularly our continued strong top line growth, which was once again broad based across geographic markets, industry groups, and consulting and managed services. Let me begin by summarizing a few highlights from the quarter. Revenues grew 8.5% in local currency, which was at the top end of our guided range, with nine of our 13 industries growing high-single digit or higher, and we continue to take market share. We delivered EPS in the quarter of $2.82, reflecting 2% growth over adjusted EPS last year. Operating margin of 13.5% for the quarter decreased 20 basis points compared to adjusted Q2 results last year and includes significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2.7 billion and returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. In the first half of the year, we have invested almost $500 million, primarily attributed to 11 acquisitions. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $20.9 billion for the quarter, a 3% decrease in U.S. dollars and flat in local currency with an overall book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $10.5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Managed Services bookings were $10.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $16.7 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 8.5% in local currency. The foreign exchange impact for the quarter was approximately negative 3% compared with a negative 2.5% estimate provided last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.3 billion, up 3% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency. Managed Services revenue were $8.4 billion, up 8% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in technology managed services, which includes application managed services and infrastructure managed services, and high-single digit growth in operations. Turning to our geographic markets. In Americas, revenues grew 11% in local currency, growth was led by banking and capital markets, industrial, health, and consumer goods, retail, and travel services. Revenue growth was driven by the United States. In EMEA, we delivered 8% growth in local currency, led by growth in public service, life sciences and consumer goods, retail, and travel services. Revenue growth was driven by the United Kingdom. In Asia-Pacific, revenue grew 1% in local currency, driven by growth in insurance and utilities, partially offset by a decline in chemicals and natural resources. Revenue growth was led by Japan, partially offset by a decline in Singapore. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 29.9% compared to 30.9% for the second quarter last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.1% compared with 10.3% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.3% compared to 6.9% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q2 of last year, we recorded $115 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 70 basis points in EPS by $0.14. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $2.2 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.5% operating margin, a 20 basis point decrease from adjusted operating margin in Q2 of last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 18.8% for the second quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.82 compared with adjusted diluted EPS of $2.77 in the second quarter last year, reflecting 2% growth. Days services outstanding were 48 days compared to 50 days last quarter and 43 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.7 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.9 billion net of property and equipment additions of $171 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $8.5 billion compared with $5 billion at the end of -- at August 31. With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4 million shares for $1.4 billion at an average price of $361.16 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share for a total of $929 million. This represented a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share to be paid on May 15, a 15% increase over last year. And now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie. Starting with the demand environment, our clients continue to be focused on reinvention and Gen AI is a catalyst for reinvention. They are focused on building the digital core with more AI being built-in, which is driving our growth, and on areas such as the customer and core operations, including supply chain and Industry X. For our clients, the twin themes of achieving both cost efficiency and growth continue. The number of clients embracing Gen AI is increasing significantly and we are starting to see some tangible examples of scale in data and AI. We are partnering with Telstra, Australia's leading telecommunications company to create a new joint venture to accelerate its data and AI roadmap and fast track the business into a new era of AI-driven reinvention. Through the joint venture, we will work together to simplify and modernize their data systems and set up a comprehensive AI foundation to deploy advanced AI solutions across their organization. Value driving AI use cases have been identified across the business that are suitable for scaling and will enhance network resilience, deliver seamless connectivity, and better customer experience. Using our AI Refinery platform, we will reimagine business processes by implementing Agentic AI. Specialized AI tools will support their employees to work smarter and faster and teams to operate more efficiently and effectively. In addition, we will help evolve Telstra's Data and AI Academy, a company-wide upskilling initiative leveraging our learning and development programs, helping to build data and AI fluency and feature critical skills across its workforce. Building on Telstra's globally leading responsible AI practices, the JV is designed to sustain and improve on this by identifying and mitigating AI risks while building trust and adoption as it scales AI across the organization. This partnership with Telstra illustrates to clients that there are creative ways to accelerate their own use of data and AI. Clients in Australia from banking, retail, and utilities are working with us to design their own innovative ways to jumpstart their reinvention with data and AI. We continue to see our clients building their digital core as a foundation for reinvention and increasingly asking us to incorporate emerging technologies like AI, as well as data into this work. Cloud saw double-digit growth this quarter and security had very strong double-digit growth. We are working together with a multinational food processing company to help reinvent themselves as a data-driven organization, revolutionizing their enterprise. This includes the end-to-end supply chain and frontline sales function to support rapid growth. Our unique partnership model uses our library of AI and Gen AI assets to quickly deliver productivity, with the potential of generating over $0.5 billion in value to self-fund their reinvention. The savings are reinvested into an ongoing build out of a robust digital core, which becomes the foundation to support and enable any new technologies, processes or systems the company may adopt in the future. For example, the company is using Gen AI to forecast inventory risks and generate next best action recommendation, saving them millions of dollars annually. If excess inventory on a product is selling slower than expected in a region, Gen AI tools proactively prompt promotional sale or halt production before the inventory results in a margin loss. In another instance, an AI-based communication platform was deployed that eliminates up to five different language barriers between supervisors and frontline workers, and plants, (ph) reducing costly errors from miscommunications and delays. With many households having at least one of their products, this company's commitment to ongoing transformation will position them to continue to build, design, and run a future ready enterprise, rethink work, and drive innovation. We are helping one of the world's largest auto manufacturers modernize their security operations to protect the company's critical IT systems and stay ahead of the rapidly evolving security landscape. We will implement a modern threat detection and response platform that will enable the company to integrate its data across the enterprise, identifying cyber threats and responding to incidents faster. We are building a new Gen AI security engine on Accenture's My Security platform, which will help automate cloud migration tasks, moving the threat detection capability from the legacy platform to the new one without interruption. This is expected to increase the company's operational excellence, enhance cyber resiliency, increase risk visibility, and drive a significant improvement in efficiency. With the new platform, the company will be able to better safeguard digital assets, including information critical to automotive design and manufacturing. This collaboration will help better protect the company, its partners, and customers setting the stage for advanced AI, smart manufacturing, and increased innovation. To capture the value of technologies like Generative AI, companies need a digital core and now to stay ahead and truly scale AI, companies also need what we call a cognitive digital brain, and always on and always learning system, as we shared in our Tech Vision 2025. Our industry expertise is critical to building the digital core and digital brain, a deep knowledge of the processes today and how they can be reinvented for tomorrow is key. Our proven track record of digital transformation and our ability to bring experience in strategy, consulting, industry, process, and technology services, and decades of experience in managed services for our clients, allows us to truly reinvent using AI, including digital agents to create transformational value at scale. We are deepening our partnership with Repsol, a leading multi-energy company and a client for more than a decade to advance its digital program and scale Agentic AI, reinventing key business operations to drive sustainable growth. Over the past three years, we have built a secured cloud based digital core with a unified data foundation. Now we will use our AI Refinery platform to deploy customized AI agents across functions such as planning, forecasting, and customer service, making processes more dynamic and less complex. Employees will be able to work more efficiently and provide customers with accurate personalized products and services. For example, AI agents can analyze available data to offer timely and relevant bundled energy solutions, enhancing Repsol's position as an integrated provider. We will upscale employees in AI and digital technologies through an expanded training program to support adoption. We are also exploring digital twins and robotic solutions to enhance planned maintenance and other tasks in industrial and logistics centers. Repsol is positioning itself as an early adopter of AI in the energy sector, increasing efficiency, boosting productivity, and promoting new ways of working to better serve customers. The transformation and digitization of manufacturing is an important area of growth and Industry X grew high-single digits this quarter. We are working with KION, a global leader in supply chain solutions to use AI powered digital twins to create smarter, safer and more adaptable warehouses that can evolve with the world around them and handle nearly any supply chain challenge, marking the next digital frontier. Picture a busy warehouse during peak shopping season, workers navigating narrow aisles and conveyor belts, forklifts, loading and unloading freight. Now imagine robots working seamlessly with human teams to fulfill orders faster and more safely. We are making this a reality by creating digital versions of physical assets such as conveyors and forklifts and integrating autonomous robots with human workers on an AI-driven platform that accurately stimulates millions of complex factory processes to help ensure safety and avoid disruptions before robots hit the factory floor. We are also predicting and adapting to real world challenges as they happen, such as how events like Black Friday sales or a product going viral might affect warehouse operations, adjusting robot brains in real-time. With these investments -- with these advancements, warehouse workers' responsibilities will evolve as they work alongside AI systems, making them more desirable candidates for higher skilled roles. Song grew double-digits this quarter as more clients seek to reinvent customer and experience. We have the unique ability to integrate creative data and AI, tech, and strategy while leveraging our industry and operations expertise to unlock marketing and sales as a growth enabler for our clients while delivering efficiencies. We are partnering with a multinational conglomerate in the communications industry to streamline and optimize their media strategy and operations for their mobile division. We've implemented a new digital platform with a unified data foundation, which will provide transparency and real time access to expedite campaign position. The company will also reduce the number of media agencies to a single partner, Accenture Song, to maximize media spend outcomes. Accenture's marketing operations Managed Services will leverage automation and AI to increase efficiencies in manual routine tasks, which will allow employees to focus on more strategic work. These changes will also allow the company to shift from focusing solely on media related data to incorporating broader insights to make more strategic and informed decisions that benefit the entire company, such as predicting customer content preferences, which can drive more efficient media placement and sales. Talent continues to be at the top of the agenda for CEOs and governments and reinvention requires working in new ways and the development of new skills. LearnVantage positions us to help to be able to help clients develop talent and skills to drive future growth. Our clients are using LearnVantage to strengthen learning development, turbocharging the learner's experience. For example, we are bridging the skills gap and creating certification pathways for learners, using LearnVantage in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This will fast-track their careers and support their adoption of Gen AI. And a big box retailer has accelerated learning opportunities for entry level to highly technical skill sets, deepened understanding of current industry skills by role -- needs by role, and empowered employees with guided learning based on the skills they need for their role. Finally, a look at how we continue to execute on our goal to strategically deploy $2 billion, $3 billion in B&A this fiscal year. We are investing in our Industry X and supply chain capabilities with our acquisitions this quarter of AOX and Staufen AG in Germany. We also acquired IQT Group in Italy, a managed services provider, which will help utility providers build and modernize integrated electricity and water networks. To continue to lead in Gen AI, we acquired Halfspace in Denmark to help our clients in the Nordics region leverage and scale AI to make better, more informed decisions faster, and to enable us to scale faster in financial services, we acquired Altus Consulting in the UK, a leader in consulting and digital transformation. Also this quarter, we purchased a digital twin technology platform for banks from Percipient, a Singapore based fintech company with deep expertise in banking technology transformation. Back to you, Angie.
Angie Park: Thanks, Julie. Before I get into the details of our outlook, as Julie mentioned, we have seen an elevated level of uncertainty, including in our federal business. Because this change is very recent, our revenue guidance range for both Q3 and the full year reflects our best view based upon what we see today, which may evolve differently from our estimates and assumptions. With that said, let me turn now to the business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal '25, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.9 billion to $17.5 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 0.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal '24 and reflects an estimated 3% to 7% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '25, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 0.5% compared to fiscal '24. For the full fiscal '25, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 5% to 7% growth in local currency over fiscal '24. We continue to expect an inorganic contribution of a bit more than 3% with about 4% in the first half and about 2% in the second half. And we now expect to invest about $2 billion to $3 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year '25 to be 15.6% to 15.7%, a 10 basis point to 20 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '24 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6% in fiscal '24. We now expect our full year diluted earnings per share for fiscal '25 to be in the range of $12.55 to $12.79 or 5% to 7% growth over adjusted fiscal '24 results. For the full fiscal '25, we continue to expect operating cash flow in the range of $9.4 billion to $10.1 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $8.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. As we move into the second half of the year, we remain laser focused on managing our business with rigor and discipline. With that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions.
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, Angie. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Thanks for all of this. So I just wanted to start outside of U.S. Federal, so the other 92% of the business. Can you just clarify to what extent you are or not seeing clients hit the pause button at all on new initiatives, any change in pace of converting pipeline to backlog or backlog into revenue? You can certainly appreciate that your tone is a little bit more cautious, maybe the visibility isn't quite as high, but are you seeing tangible signs of any pause in client activity at this point in time?
Angie Park: Hi, Jason. Good morning. Thanks for your question. For us, there's really -- we've seen no change overall.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And, as you can imagine, some of these changes are relatively recent, and so we're in a lot of discussions. In some cases, those discussions are about accelerating, particularly in the cost discussions, right, like, can we go a little faster to get to our programs for places where we're contracting. And we are at the heart of many of the discussions where businesses are trying to process what this might mean, so -- but we're not seeing any pauses now.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. So we got to watch and wait on that. So let's go to U.S. Federal just for a minute. Can you just clarify for us what the growth rate was in U.S. Federal revenue in the quarter and what you're assuming for the second half of the year in U.S. Federal?
Angie Park: Jason, why don't I take that because I think it's important to give a little bit of context on our Q3 and our full year guidance. And certainly, as it relates to Q2 specifically for Federal, we really don't provide that during the year, and as you know, we provide that at the end of the year. So let me just start with -- because I do think this is important. When you think about -- we were really pleased with the quarter, our second quarter and the first half of the year. And for the second quarter, we did deliver revenue at the top end of our range and we're very pleased that we were able to update our guidance to 5% to 7% by taking off the bottom. So -- and why is that? So, we're pleased with how our business is positioned with the larger deals coming online, which was a very deliberate part of our strategy. And then as you think about Q3 and the full year, it includes our current estimates and assumptions of the potential impacts of federal and the overall environment. And then, if I just break apart organic and inorganic, from an inorganic contribution, we continue to expect a bit over 3% with H2 about 2%, which is consistent with what we shared last quarter in our assumptions. And then for the year, what that means is, from an organic perspective, we now expect 2% to 4% in organic growth for the year. And by type of work to provide that context as well, consulting, we continue to expect to be in the mid-single digit range growth and we now see managed services at high-single digits.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood.
Angie Park: And importantly, and then -- Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey. Thank you so much. So great to hear from you, Julie and Angie. Just maybe I will ask, instead of demand, I want to ask on the margin outlook and the change there. How much of that is organic versus inorganic in terms of the change? And is it just -- I'm always getting questions, is there cost -- is it just costing more to do business? Is there a cost to execution here going up? Is there a pricing change? What more can you share?
Angie Park: Sure. And as it relates -- thank you, Tien-Tsin. As it relates to inorganic, our capital deployed, we've updated -- we may be a bit lighter at $2 billion to $3 billion, but relative from a margin profile, no change there. And so let me just peel this back a little bit. In this quarter, we did see a decrease in our gross margins, primarily due to higher subcontractor costs and the impact of our business optimization actions, which reduced severance costs in Q2 of last year. And as you know, this fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, which is really why we manage the overall operating margin. And as you think about our operating margin for the year, based upon where we are, we now expect a 10 basis points to 20 basis points expansion for the year, while continuing to invest significantly in our business and our people. And look, we're seeing the variability in the operating margin throughout the year that we expected. So what are we focused on? Pricing, which this quarter was relatively stable. How we deliver our contracts and how we run our business, which includes managing supply and demand and digitizing and making our own operations more efficient. So we feel really good about our full year guidance of 10 basis points to 20 basis points, which includes EPS growth at 5% to 7%.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And, Tien-Tsin, we always update -- we typically update about this time. We just don't see -- we didn't see the 30 basis points. It's a super competitive market. So while pricing is relatively stable as we've been talking about, it's a competitive market, so.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. No, that's all clear. Thanks for going through that. Just my follow-up, I think Jason asked about Federal already. Is there -- maybe to ask it differently, just is there a way to frame the real revenue at risk? I know mission-critical is, maybe hard to define it here on the call, but is there anything that you can share in terms of what's really at risk or not at risk thinking about duration or is it really more of an issue of replenishing work, etc.? Just trying to get a better understanding of visibility there. Thank you.
Angie Park: Sure. And so, Tien-Tsin, what I would say is, and what we've been clear about is the guided range we're giving for the quarter and for the year reflects our best view of the impact that's coming from both the slowing of new procurement actions and the assessments of the work that we're doing, and so we don't get into different pieces of it, but [Technical Difficulty] those two things, the range of outcomes and that's reflected in the range. I mean, it is 8% of our business. We have lots of other parts of our business that are about that size that we are always looking at estimates and assumptions. And so this is our best view of it today and the range reflects it.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. Your view is better than mine and glad to see the bottom end of the range taken up here. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess my first one is, Julie, just thinking about how budgets were set and how conversations may be changed from January, February to March, could you give us some color on that?
Julie Sweet: Yeah. I'd start with, as we went into this calendar year, we did not see kind of -- like kind of across the board a meaningful increase in budgets for our services. So we saw more of the same, which is consistent with what we've been talking about, and as we went into the budgets -- as the budgets were set, it was kind of more of the same. And it's pretty early right now in terms of processing, right, what just happened and there's a lot of different things that can happen, right? So you sometimes see clients reprioritizing like maybe they'll go faster on the cost cutting than on some of the building in that, and it -- even those -- that kind of a conversation, it's super early, right? And so what we are seeing though is a continuation that these conversations always turn to, okay, we got to go faster and we got to go bigger. And this theme around cost and growth because that's really the unique way that we can help clients. So one of the examples that I gave in the script around a major manufacturer of food supplies is all about like when you are better managing inventory and supply chain, that's both driving growth and at the same time, self-funding big transformation programs. So I think right now, if you think about just what is the impact of an elevated level of uncertainty, it's the same thing as what we've been seeing like, more desire to do larger transformation. And while we're at it, because I'm sure the question will come, discretionary spending this quarter, Q2 was overall about the same, still constrained. There were some pockets of improvement, for example, in banking and capital markets in the Americas, but again, going into the calendar year, discretionary spending was overall about the same constraint, and particularly in small deals that we've been seeing. So yeah, that's kind of where we are.
Angie Park: And I would just add, Julie, thanks for that. I would just add that as you think about our guidance for the full year as well, and what it assumes is discretionary spend does not have to improve at the top end of the range, while it continues to allow for further deterioration at the bottom.
Bryan Keane: Yeah, Angie. As my follow-up, I was going to ask, if you take the midpoint of that third quarter constant currency revenue, you get to about 5%. It implies fourth quarter revenue range looks a little wider than usual and maybe a couple of points lower than the third quarter. So just kind of what's built-in? Are you building in a little bit of a slowdown in organic growth in that fourth quarter or is that just some level of elevated uncertainty that goes into the fourth quarter number? Thanks so much.
Angie Park: Bryan, your math is right. So we have seen an elevated level of uncertainty, and so we spoke about that. And you're correct that if you think about our inorganic contribution of a bit more than 3% for the full year, it was roughly 4% in the first half. We're expecting about 2% in the second half, which means, really importantly, that our organic growth for the full year is now 2% to 4%.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good job. And I guess my first question, health and public services typically is kind of flattish sequentially in Q2. It was down about 5% sequentially and I guess kind of asking Jason's question too, is some of that U.S. Federal or are there other parts of health and public services that were weaker than normal? I'm just trying to understand that.
Julie Sweet: Hi, David. Good morning. Nothing to read into that. We didn't see any material impact within H&PS, it just ebbs and flows over the quarters, so nothing to really comment there.
David Koning: Okay. And just as a follow-up, I think you might have mentioned pricing was pretty stable. I looked back the last seven quarters, you called pricing as being down a bit. I mean, are we starting to get back to a more stable environment for pricing?
Julie Sweet: So as you think about our pricing, we did comment that it was relatively stable. The market continues to be very competitive. And so what you can count on us to do is, we're always focused on it. And just as a reminder, pricing is the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.
David Koning: Yeah. Great. Thanks, guys.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. As we talk about the little bit of the slowdown that you've seen in recent weeks, how would you characterize it geographically or industry vertical? Just trying to get a little more color there. And what do you think those customers are looking for in terms of their proceed or continue to pause or hesitate type of decision making?
Julie Sweet: Thanks, James. I want to be clear, we haven't seen a slowdown in the last few weeks. What we commented on, which I think is kind of everyone is well aware of is in the last few weeks, there's been an elevated level of what was already significant uncertainty and there's a couple of big themes around that, obviously tariffs, and that's a global discussion that is not just an Americas discussion. And also consumer sentiment, which is a little bit more of an Americas discussion. And so we're really just commenting on what I think we're all seeing and that's only been in the last few weeks, and so we're already, of course, in the heart of the discussions of clients globally who are talking about it. And you're seeing, for example, in Europe, there was an announcement of like major spending in areas like defense where we've been investing and are well-positioned, and by the way, I do want to shout out to my UK team. Hopefully, all of you noticed that the UK is back and we're driving our revenue, and it's a great example of how we address challenges by leveraging our ability to invest. We've done a lot of acquisitions there. The agility, the use of data, and AI, which are all driving the repositioning that you're starting to now see in the UK. So again, we have a lot of diversification of our business. And when you think about the Americas and the agenda now in federal with respect to consolidating, modernizing, and reinventing the federal government, we're incredibly well-positioned because we've been driving already a lot of efficiency in the federal government with the work we've been doing for decades. And we're now bringing that reinvention that we've been doing now for a few years, those commercial solutions, we've got the ability to bring that to the federal government as they move forward with their agenda. So diverse -- the conversation is global. Lots of opportunities depend on the market and we have a really strong position, and I'll just flag again the 32 clients this quarter who did over $100 million of bookings.
James Faucette: That's great and great clarification there. I appreciate that. And then wanted to touch quickly on your AI and AI initiatives, etc. Can you give a little bit of color of how that's developing with your software partners? What kinds of improvements or adjustments in go-to-market that may entail? Just trying to get a sense for how you're working with the broader ecosystem to really drive results.
Julie Sweet: Well, James, the ecosystem is absolutely critical here and this is where decades of relationships really matter, because this is -- Gen AI is a new technology. The adoption of AI more broadly is new. It wasn't being adopted as much, and so we work so closely with our partners and the client really in three-way conversations and work in order to reinvent and do that. This is not -- we're not taking things off the shelf and say, here go do this. And, as you know, we are the leader in ecosystem -- with our ecosystem partners and that has been a major differentiating factor when you look at our growth, particularly in these large deals where the ecosystem is absolutely at the heart of it. And by the way, I'm glad that you look -- you commented on the Gen AI because I think it's important as we think about how Gen AI is developing that we don't walk past, that in H1, we did $1.1 billion in revenue, and last year, in FY ‘24, we did $900 million for the entire year. So you're starting to see the leadership that we have in Gen AI really come through on the revenue side.
James Faucette: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, Julie. Hope you're feeling well. I want to start on bookings. Can you just give us a sense on 2Q bookings? How they landed relative to your plan? Understanding just elevated uncertainty may extend signings, I'm just curious if that did in fact play out in 2Q? And can you comment on how you feel you're set up for the second half in bookings?
Julie Sweet: Well, just as a reminder, that elevated uncertainty has been in the last few weeks and so, no impact on our bookings. And Angie, do you want to add anything?
Angie Park: Hi, Bryan. So for us, we were pleased with our bookings this quarter of $20.9 billion, and importantly, our book-to-bill was 1.3. And again, reinforcing and being the partner of choice for our clients with 32 clients with quarterly bookings over $100 million, so we feel really good about that.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then on the workforce, can you comment on how you're managing that mix of subcontractors versus employees? And is that higher sub-con mix in the quarter just some form of a transition component as you've taken actions on bench across the organization or are there certain service types where you're having to lean a little bit more on that sub-con mix?
Angie Park: Bryan, I think that as you think about our sub-contractor and our workforce mix, certainly that can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based upon the work that we're doing for our clients, and as it relates to this quarter, you saw that we added about two -- a little bit over 2,000 people in Q2. And as always, what we are all about is managing our supply and demand, including through the use of technology and reskilling. And so for us -- as you think about our workforce overall, sub-contractors can fluctuate and at the same time, what we focus on is our utilization, which continues to be 91%, which is exactly the range that we want to be in.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Keith Bachman at BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. Perhaps I'll ask my two just concurrently since they're on similar veins. On the first one, one of the previous questions was asking about AI, more from the demand side or revenue side, I wanted to go back to the supply side and delivery side, and while -- I think it's still really early in the life of Gen AI because most of the work is actually still test, not inferencing. But are you seeing any changes in the nature of your economic relationship with your customers? In other words, are customers asking for some of the savings or is there any change in that narrative on how the supply side and economic relationship broadly speaking with your customers may unfold as Gen AI matures a little bit? And then the second part of the question is, I wanted to just jump into Song for a bit. And sort of the same type of question. I spent the last day with Adobe and at their user group conference and there's tremendous efficiency gains associated with both marketing and creativity. And just, Julie, any comments, I know you mentioned Song had double-digit growth, which is quite impressive. How do you see the durable growth rate of Song? And so that's it for me. And Julie, all the best to you in particular.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Keith. So I think in the first question, what we've been seeing with Gen AI is what we've seen in the past when we have new technologies, like, I take you back to 2015 when we first announced MyWizard, which we now call GenWizard, as we've introduced Gen AI and that was that major shift that occurred with respect to automation, which by the way is still relevant, right? And so that -- we are not seeing a different change. We've been continuously -- remember like, particularly, on the managed service side, our contracts assume that there's going to be more efficiency driven from technology. Gen AI is allowing that to kind of go up over time. But like the way that the model is working is just very similar to what we've seen with prior waves of big efficiencies from technology. So we're not seeing new patterns evolve there. And of course, we are -- really our strategy is to lead in both helping our clients use Gen AI, but also to lead in our own use of Gen AI. And at the same time, it is still early in the technology. It's still expensive. So you have to get to the right ROI, in terms of when to use it. It requires our clients to have foundations in place. This isn't just sort of push a button and we can have Gen AI, and so we should expect that -- remember that this is still a very early in the technology cycle. Excuse me, with respect to Song, one of the big areas that we're helping our clients on is build the data foundation in order to use the Gen AI because those efficiencies that you're seeing, and as you know, we're Adobe's major partner, require the right data foundation and they require really the reinvention of processes. We've seen that in our own marketing where we've been using Agentic AI, but you had to completely change the way that you're doing marketing. And so Song's durability is being at the heart of building the digital core and helping them do the reinvention while leading in our own use of Gen AI, which is what we continue to be focused on. So I feel very good about Song. And importantly, our diversification is we want to be relevant to all parts of the enterprise and the growth agenda, which is what Song positions us in addition to our entire -- the ability to be at the core operations and at the enterprise. So really very pleased with how our strategy to be relevant across the enterprise continues to give us resilience in the market.
Keith Bachman: Thank you, Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jonathan Lee at Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Lee: Great. Thanks for taking our questions. I want to clarify the change in the revenue outlook here. Your original outlook contemplated status quo at the high end of the outlook, is that still the case? And is that indexed to what you're seeing today with the elevated uncertainty, but not necessarily any sort of slowdown?
Angie Park: Hi, Jonathan. Thanks for the question, and yes, that's correct. So with our assumptions, the range of 5% to 7%, which we raised for the full year is that discretionary spend, does not have to improve at the top end of the range, and while at the bottom of the range, it allows for further deterioration.
Jonathan Lee: Thanks for that color, Angie. And then on the pricing front, it's good to hear about the pricing stability you're seeing despite the competitive environment. How do we think through the timing in which it takes stable pricing to flow through the P&L, especially as it looks like we're still digesting some of the pricing headwinds we've been seeing over the last few quarters?
Angie Park: As you think about pricing, it does take time for it to layer in, and certainly, it depends on the mix of the deals that we're selling as well. So we'll see that come through over time.
Jonathan Lee: Appreciate that.
Angie Park: Thank you.
Katie O'Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. And Julie, I just want to wish you -- echo that and wish you my best as well. When we think about what we're seeing in terms of the larger transformational contracts that benefit -- that are benefiting you so much this year despite slower discretionary or not a real improvement in discretionary yet. Just remind us again where you are on that path. I mean, again, bookings was a question before. It was up one or -- maybe it was more or less flat year-over-year, but your book-to-bill is still very strong, obviously. And so just help us understand what you're seeing in terms of the most transformational contracts right now that can give us room despite sort of whatever outcomes are on the discretionary. And then one quick follow-up. Julie, I know when we spoke last, you talked about how there was so much in terms of like waiting by executive CIOs, CEOs, and others on tariffs and some of the policies you talked about earlier, if we do get some resolution on that in the next couple of months, April 2, could be a big day for the administration in terms of explaining. I mean, how much have you heard from your customers on how much they're just really waiting? There's pent-up demand budget. Just help us understand that a little more if you can.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So on the demand side, the 32 clients with bookings over $100 million just continue to show that we're executing on that strategy, but what clients want to buy are larger transformational deals. They want the reinvention and we continue to execute on that too again because that's like -- we're going where the demand is, right? So that same sort of view of continuing to make sure, having those larger deals that will continue to layer in is the strategy and really no change there because that's the demand, right? And we need to be focused on where clients are buying. And then again, what I would say on the -- how things might layer in. CEOs are actually focused on how do I succeed regardless of the level of uncertainty. So the conversations we're having are not, hey, what happens if the tariffs that -- this gets resolved, etc., it's okay. We have a higher level of uncertainty than we did 90 days ago, and so how do we then reinvent faster, right? What do we need to shift to? CEOs, and this is not from -- this has been going on for now for a few years, right? They're embracing that their responsibility is to grow regardless of what has been, in my tenure as CEO, in the last six years, a series of a lot of different events. And that's why as we think about our own business, right? We continue to anchor on the characteristics that have allowed us to be the leader over these different cycles, that's the deep client relationships. Our top 100 clients we've been with for over 10 years, the diversification of geographies, industries, I do want to give a shout out to all my industry teams. The industry groups all -- we had broad based growth, but it allows us for that diversification as well as types of work and then the all-important ecosystem relationships and our leadership in Gen AI and technology. Those are the building blocks of our resilient business and we all, our CEOs and ourselves have to be agile to succeed in whatever market and that is what our range reflects. The fact that we took the bottom off of the range reflects our belief in our resilient model as we continue to navigate.
Darrin Peller: That's really helpful, Julie. Just a quick follow-up would be on AI, again on DeepSeek, just given the developments. I mean, has there been more of an emphasis around it just given the ability to use even more efficient systems or just help us understand in terms of -- I know you've said before, 10% of customers might actually have the infrastructure ready. So we still have a lot of work to do to prepare. Has there been an acceleration in the momentum or is it the same as it was the last couple of quarters? Thanks again, guys.
Julie Sweet: Thank you very much. We are seeing increasing numbers of clients embracing Gen AI. And really that is, in our view, DeepSeek is an interesting development. It's an example of the ongoing technology developments, but the reason they're embracing it is that they're seeing the proven value and that is why we continue to grow because we're the ones in our client base helping our clients get to that value. And you saw that in a lot of the examples we've been giving. So there's an increasing number of clients embracing it as companies are seeing it and there is no view that you can sit back, right, and wait on this. And that two years in, is very evident in our conversations with clients.
Darrin Peller: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Well, thank you again for joining. Before we wrap up, I have two updates. First, as many of you know, last month, I did announce that I had recently been diagnosed with breast cancer. Just want to let everyone know I'm feeling good. My treatment is on-track and my prognosis continues to be excellent. I have received so many well wishes, including on this call and I just want to thank everyone for all of their support. It has meant a lot. I also want to thank Katie O'Conor, our Head of Investor Relations. She has been an amazing partner to me and to Casey, and to now Angie for the last three years. We've asked her to take on a very important new role as the CFO of Avanade, our joint venture with Microsoft. I know we're all going to miss her in this role and we're super excited to see Katie take on this next chapter of her very impressive career. So thank you very much, Katie. And I'm also very pleased to welcome Alexia Quadrani, who will become our new Head of Investor Relations. Alexia joins us from the Walt Disney Company, where she was the Executive Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. And prior to that, she spent over 20 years as an Equity Analyst at JP Morgan. I know she's really looking forward to getting to know all of you in the days ahead and I'm super happy to welcome her to Accenture. And finally, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We are working every day to continue to earn that trust. And finally, a huge thank you to all of our people for what you're doing every day, and I will speak with all of you next quarter. Thanks again for joining.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-12-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor : Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2025 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Angie Park, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. Angie will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Julie will then provide an update on our market positioning before Angie provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2025. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and, as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the investor relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet : Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining. And thank you to our nearly 799,000 people around the world for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in a strong quarter of financial results, creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. I am very pleased with our performance this quarter, as we delivered on our strategy to position Accenture for strong growth and fiscal year 2025. Here are a few highlights of the 360-degree value we created. Our clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, and we are their reinvention partner of choice, as reflected in our bookings of $18.7 billion, including 30 clients with quarterly bookings greater than a $100 million. We grew 8% in local currency this quarter with revenue of $17.7 billion approximately $240 million above the top end of our guided range and continue to take market share on a rolling four-quarter basis against our basket of our closest global publicly traded competitors, which is how we calculate market share. We had another milestone quarter in GenAI with $1.2 billion in bookings and approximately $500 million in revenue. Operating margin was flat compared to adjusted operating margin last year. EPS grew 10% over Q1 adjusted FY24 EPS. While we continue to invest in our business and our people with $242 million deployed primarily across five acquisitions and with approximately 14 million training hours this quarter designed to help us bring the latest in solutions and technology to our clients, provide our people with marketable skills, and reinvent our services using GenAI. This averages 19 hours per person. We increased our data and AI workforce to approximately 69,000, continuing progress against our goal of 80,000 by the end of fiscal year 2026. We are proud to be recognized by Fortune as one of the world's best workplaces, jumping from #10 to #6. This recognition is important, as it is based on feedback from our people around the world. An essential part of our strategy is having access to the best people and being an attractive workplace is critical to our success. And in recognition of our strong brand, we are proud to earn our highest brand value to date on Interbrand's Prestigious Best Global Brands List, increasing to $21.9 billion and ranking #31. We continue to invest in creating and maintaining thriving communities, which our long-term growth depends on. This quarter, among other things, Accenture has partnered with the NGO Instituto PROA in Brazil to help transform the lives of low-income youth by providing them with digital skills to enter the workforce. I am very pleased with our results this quarter and our return to broad-based growth due to our strategy to be our client reinvention partner of choice. We also have a resilient business model with diversity across markets, industries, and the types of work our clients come to us for, both consulting type of work and managed services. Over to you, Angie.
Angie Park : Thank you, Julie, and happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations and reflects momentum across our business. We are particularly pleased with our strong revenue growth, which was broad-based across geographic markets, industry groups, and consulting and managed services, demonstrating we are a leader in the market as a trusted reinvention partner for our clients. Based on the strength of our first quarter results, we are increasing our full year revenue outlook, which I will cover more detail later in our call. So, let me begin by summarizing a few highlights in the quarter. Revenues grew 8% in local currency above the top end of our guided range with six of our 13 industries growing double digits, and we continue to take market share. We delivered EPS in the quarter of $3.59, reflecting 10% growth over adjusted EPS last year. Operating margin was 16.7% for the quarter, consistent with adjusted Q1 results last year and includes significant investments in our people in our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $870 million and returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $242 million primarily attributed to five acquisitions in the quarter. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $18.7 billion for the quarter representing 1% growth in both U.S. Dollars and local currency with an overall book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $9.2 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Managed services bookings were $9.5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Turning now to revenue. Revenues for the quarter were $17.7 billion, a 9% increase in U.S. Dollars and 8% in local currency, approximately $240 million above the top end of our guided range. The foreign exchange impact for the quarter was approximately positive 1% compared with the positive 1.5% estimate provided last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $9 billion, up 7% in U.S. Dollars and 6% in local currency. Managed services revenue were $8.6 billion, up 11% in both U.S. Dollars and local currency, driven by double-digit growth in technology-managed services, which includes our application-managed services and infrastructure-managed services, and high single-digit growth in operations. Turning to our geographic markets, in the Americas, revenues grew 11% in local currency. Growth was led by industrial, software and platforms, banking and capital markets, and consumer goods, retail, and travel services. Revenue growth was driven by the United States and Argentina. In EMEA, revenues grew 6% in local currency, led by growth in public service, life sciences, and health, partially offset by a decline in banking and capital markets. Revenue growth was driven by the United Kingdom and Italy, partially offset by a decline in France. In Asia Pacific, we delivered 4% revenue growth in local currency driven by growth in utilities, industrial, and health, partially offset by a decline in chemicals and natural resources. Revenue growth was led by Japan, which represents approximately half of Asia Pacific, partially offset by declines in Singapore and Australia. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.9% compared to 33.6% for the first quarter last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.2% compared with 10.5% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6% compared to 6.4% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q1 of last year, we recorded $140 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 90 basis points in EPS by $0.17. Following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $2.9 billion in the first quarter reflecting a 16.7% operating margin consistent with adjusted operating margin in Q1 of last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 23.2% for the first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.59 compared with adjusted EPS of $3.27 in the first quarter last year reflecting 10% growth over adjusted EPS in Q1 last year. Day services outstanding were 50 days compared to 46 days last quarter and 49 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $870 million resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $152 million. Following the completion of our $5 billion inaugural debt offering, our cash balance at November 30th was $8.3 billion compared with $5 billion at August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.5 million shares for $898 million at an average price of $355.03 per share. As of November 30th, we had approximately $5.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also, in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share for a total of $926 million. This represented a 15% increase over last year and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 for share to be paid on February 14th, a 15% increase over last year. So in summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 results, and we are off to a strong start in FY25. And now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet : Thank you, Angie. Starting with the demand environment, we saw more of the same. Our clients are focused on reinvention, which means large-scale transformations. We do not currently see an improvement in overall spending by our clients, particularly on smaller deals. When those market conditions improve, we will be well-positioned to capitalize on them, as we continue to meet the demand for the critical programs our clients are prioritizing. As expected, building the strong digital core required for reinvention was a strong driver of our growth this quarter. GenAI continues to be a catalyst for reinvention across the enterprise and building out the data foundation necessary to capitalize on AI, as an increasing part of that growth. Themes around achieving both cost efficiencies and growth continue across the demand we're seeing. Through the examples from Q1, you can see both our strategy to be the reinvention partner of choice and how we are bringing together our services, our ecosystem relationships, and our scaled investments in cutting-edge platforms like SynOps and GenWizard, as well as technologies like GenAI to drive value for our clients. We are helping our clients build their digital core, including in the cloud, which saw double-digit growth this quarter. Accenture Federal Services is working with the U.S. Air Force, the nation's military service air branch, on a cloud monetization journey to manage its complex IT environment so that military personnel can maintain their competitive edge. We will develop a multi-cloud ecosystem using services from multiple providers to create a robust, secure, and integrated infrastructure. This will enhance how different systems and devices work together and communicate to quickly implement cutting-edge tools and technologies. We also provide managed services that foster collaboration and enable personnel to quickly make data-driven decisions about their cloud usage and costs while adapting to changing mission requirements. This partnership will enable the U.S. Air Force to get the most out of their cloud investments to achieve real-time cross-cost transparency, accelerated cost savings, increased efficiency, and improved agility. Our industry expertise is critical to building the right digital core. We are partnering with the BCC ICCREA Group, Italy's largest cooperative banking group, through a joint venture with its IT subsidiary on a reinvention journey to help over 100 affiliated banks grow. Our managed services will modernize the IT platform and migrate applications to the cloud, enhancing resiliency, stability, and service quality. We will also consolidate data and build an integrated cloud platform for advanced analytics and AI, strengthening their digital core. GenAI will be applied to increase internal IT efficiency and reduce customer response time on digital interaction channels. We will expand digital offerings, employee onboarding, and payments using our suite of shared finance services solutions. A change management communications program will offer targeted up-skilling and re-skilling opportunities to ensure employees use new technologies and methodologies effectively. Together we will help BCC, ICCREA Group, reduce costs and drive innovation, enabling the banking group to be more competitive and bring new products and services to market faster. Security is an absolutely essential component of every company's digital core, and we again saw very strong double-digit growth. We are the partner-of-choice in part because we bring both the understanding of cross industry threats and industry specific threats with our deep experience across 13 industry groups. We are supporting a leading aircraft manufacturer and its cybersecurity across aerospace and defense on critical infrastructure and production systems. We will provide managed services and solutions for their cyber security capability, leading to a more powerful and secure program, bringing security by design and industrial assets and the extended enterprise. Our solutions will help provide improved security and meet regulatory compliance. We are also helping with the digitization of manufacturing and supply chains. Industry X grew double digits this quarter. We are continuing to evolve our long-time partnership with a global leader [in tire] (ph) manufacturing to revolutionize the way factories operate and to reduce time-to-market for new products, accelerating innovation. We will build a hybrid data foundation in the cloud, integrating millions of data points. We will also implement advanced analytics, AI, and digital twin technologies to optimize operations processes such as quality checks. This will enable the company to trace the root cause of a failed batch of tires back to a machine or process in minutes instead of days. And predictive maintenance will pinpoint what parts of their process or machinery may be impacting quality and productivity, preventing costly down times. Engineering teams will benefit from machine learning and simulation tools to generate and optimize the design of new products. We will also implement new ways of working to attract tech-savvy talent and cultivate a learning culture where employees in over 100 factories are upskilled on the AI powered tools. The company will look to increase growth opportunities and support their digital first strategy, all while remaining competitive in the market. We are partnering with PUMA India, a leader in sports lifestyle products, to reinvent their supply chain and distribution network. This will meet the ever-evolving customer demand for order delivery in a highly competitive, omni-channel market where quick commerce is becoming the norm. We will use data and AI to identify and set up localized fulfillment centers, optimizing their size and location based on customer sales. Digital twins of these facilities will simulate various process designs and physical automation scenarios to identify bottlenecks. This will help redefine warehouse layouts and improve material flow for more efficient order and return processing, delivering orders up to 70% faster with express delivery for online orders expected to double. Supply chain costs are also expected to decrease by up to 10%, and additional features like solar power and EV charging stations at fulfillment centers will further reduce costs and support sustainability goals. PUMA India will be the first amongst sports brands in the region to build this type of cutting-edge operating model, enhancing customer loyalty to drive future growth. We are reinventing all things customer through Song, which grew high single digits this quarter. We have the ability to integrate creative, data and AI, tech and strategy while leveraging our industry and operations expertise to unlike marketing as a growth enabler for our clients while delivering efficiencies. We are helping Spotify optimize its advertising business by finding opportunities to drive efficiency as it scales globally. Our marketing operations managed services support their ad operations under a single roof, touching a significant amount of their ad revenue across 150 markets. We've infused automation across their operational workflows to help significantly reduce the time and effort required to launch advertisers' campaigns, getting them to market more quickly to help ensure revenue realization and advertiser satisfaction. We continue to expand beyond ad operations, actively launching new capabilities across analytics and insights, data integrity and enrichment, customer support, and more. Our partnership helps Spotify to focus on its core competencies so it can achieve long-term relevance and growth in an increasingly competitive market. We are collaborating with CaixaBank, a leading financial group in Spain, on their plan to enhance customer and employee experiences. We will increase productivity and efficiency by leveraging AI and GenAI to build multiple solutions, such as the bank's chat bot, which has significantly reduced response times and improved the quality of answers for clients, and an employee assistant tool that utilizes natural language conversations and solution searches. We will also build a customer service claim solution that analyzes documents and supports agents and lawyers in proposing the right responses, reducing processing time, and assisting specialized teams. This will help CaixaBank reinvent with GenAI and we are creating real value from GenAI across industries and countries. We are partnering with Vale, a Brazilian mining and logistics company, to transform its environmental licensing program, speeding up permit applications and expanding its sustainability goals. We created Smart Licensing, an end-to-end licensing management platform that uses GenAI to scan application materials and environmental studies to promote compliance with regulatory and environmental requirements. This creates actionable summaries reducing internal document reviews from days to minutes. We've trained over 500 people to use Smart Licensing and established a change management team to combine previously segmented teams, helping Vale plan and execute more efficiency while further reducing environmental impact. We are partnering with Indosat, a Digital Telecommunications Company and its subsidiary, Lintasarta, a leading provider of data communication, Internet, and IT services to launch Indonesia's first sovereign AI cloud platform. This will accelerate their AI-driven digital transformation and support the country's vision of becoming a digitally empowered nation by 2045. The collaboration will initially focus on AI solutions for Indonesia's financial services sector, one of the key pillars of the country's economy. Accenture's AI refinery platform will provide scaled AI capabilities with pre-built solutions that have a modular architecture to meet clients' needs wherever they are in their AI journey, significantly reducing time to value. This partnership will help Indonesian companies to drive reinvention by harnessing the power of scaled GenAI, propelling innovation, operational efficiency, and sustainable growth in a competitive market. Talent continues to be at the top of the agenda for CEOs and governments, and our LearnVantage services position us to be able to help clients invest in their workforce. Our partnership with S&P Global, a leading provider of financial data analytics and ratings, is driving GenAI innovation across the financial services industry, empowering their workforce to adopt GenAI at scale to enhance productivity and deliver revenue growth. They are equipping nearly 40,000 of their employees with the necessary skills, leveraging Accenture LearnVantage Services, a comprehensive GenAI learning program. This program includes curate and customized content to drive AI fluency and address the industry's evolving talent requirements. Finally, a quick look at how we're continually using our investments and acquisitions to drive our future growth. To continue to scale LearnVantage, we acquired award solutions in the U.S., which expands our learning offerings tailored to the unique needs of the network leaders, network operations and performance engineers, and IT professionals in the telecom space. To enable us to scale [faster in health] (ph), a $70 billion adjustable market growing approximately 6%. We acquired consus.health, a leading German healthcare management consultancy. Health is an industry still early in digitalization, and our investments are positioning us for the continued growth we see over the next several years. And supply chain continues to be in early in digitalization, and we are investing to continue to drive growth. This quarter, we acquired Camelot, an international SAP-focused management and technology consulting firm from Germany with specific strengths in supply chain, data and analytics and Joshua Tree Group in the U.S., supply chain consulting firm specializing in distribution center performance. Back to you, Angie.
Angie Park : Thanks, Julie. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.2 billion to $16.8 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 2.5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2024 and reflects an estimated 5% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2025, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. Dollars will be approximately negative 0.5% compared to fiscal 2024. For the full fiscal 2025, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 4% to 7% growth in local currency over fiscal 2024, which includes an inorganic contribution of a bit more than 3%, which we expect will be about 4% in the first half and about 2% in the second half. And we continue to expect to invest about $3 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year 2025 to be 15.6% to 15.8% at 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted Fiscal 2024 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6% in fiscal 2024. We now expect our full year diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2025 to be in the range of $12.43 to $12.79 or 4% to 7% growth over adjusted fiscal 2024 results, reflecting the raise in our revenue outlook and adjusting for the revised FX assumption. For the full fiscal '25, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.4 billion to $10.1 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $8.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open to -- so that we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, Angie. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you good morning. It's really encouraging to see the revenue come in here above the guidance range. I think it's the widest margin in nearly two years. Julie, you said that the demand environment is more or less the same. So I'm curious what you [attribute] (ph) this new pattern to and if market conditions are maybe improving underneath here. Any comments?
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. This is the strategy that we've been outlining for the last few quarters, where last year, when we saw the -- spending, particularly on the smaller deals, we pivoted to really focusing on getting -- winning more reinvention partners of choice, so increasing the number of our deals that were over $100 million in a quarter. You'll remember last year, we actually had [125] (ph) of those. And the idea was to increase -- go after the demand, which is in the larger reinventions and that, that would position us to get back to a strong growth in '25 as those deals begin to layer in. And so what you're seeing is the result of -- what we're really proud of was quite a bit of agility last year that when the market changed, we changed, because as you know, these are not easy deals to do quickly. And we quickly pivoted last year, went after the demand and then put ourselves in this position. And that's why we did underscore that the market environment has not changed. This is the result of the strategy we executed, which we're uniquely able to do because we have all the skills and capabilities, we have the mix of consulting and managed services. And so this is what we were talking about last quarter when we said we are going to get back to strong growth based on execution of this strategy. And of course, these are super critical strategic programs. And so when spending does come back and the market does improve, we're at the heart of our clients' business, and we should be well capitalized to pick up on not spending.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. No, the last point is important, short-term stuff comes back. Hope you should see that pretty quickly as well on top of this. So good, thanks. And my follow up, just have to ask it, I get a lot of questions on the U.S. federal government and Accenture's exposure there. I think it's about 8% of revenue based on some of your annual report disclosures. So just curious, given some of the change in administration and the discussion around efficiency, have your expectations? Or are you going to change your strategy here on the U.S. federal government side? Any comments there would be terrific. Thanks for the time.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Well, we're really excited because our core competencies in federal, right, are around driving efficiencies. They're around helping -- keep our country secure. We're working with the U.S. federal agency on securing critical infrastructure, right, and on changing citizen services. We work across very important agencies. And so we believe that we're super well positioned to continue to help the mission of the federal government to secure itself, to help citizens and to drive more efficiencies, which will be tied very much to cloud, data and AI. And what really makes us uniquely positioned is that we believe that there is going to be an even greater appetite of taking commercial solutions to the federal government. And we are very uniquely positioned because we have strong government expertise, but we've got commercial and private sector solutions. We are the leader with every major ecosystem partner. And you saw that -- I was talking today about the U.S. Air Force and what we are doing on the cloud modernization. And our work is mission critical. I mean, the vast majority of what we do is mission critical to the federal government. So we see a real opportunity to continue to partner with the new administration as we've partnered with all administrations, and also with all of the leaders in the federal government every day are waking up to really drive those three things. So really, really feel good about where we are positioned in the federal government to help this agenda.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Awesome, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Happy holidays. I know that last quarter, you indicated the high end of the initial revenue guide. For this fiscal year, did not require any material improvement in consulting. Just wondering if that's still the case as you're now raising the top end a little bit? Or are you now assuming any improvement in consulting since you're almost four months into the new fiscal year?
Angie Park: Yeah, hi Jason. Good morning. And I'll take that. For us, with the raise in -- to 4% to 7% for the full year, there's really no change in what we shared with you before, which is that at the top end of the range, we continue to see more of the same, whereas at the bottom of the range, we see a bit more -- we allow for a little bit more deterioration. So no change there.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And our over delivery, I mean, we're very pleased, obviously, with consulting and managed service growth this quarter. And these large deals came in a little bit better, which is how we overdelivered and now raising the guidance.
Jason Kupferberg: Great to hear. And then I'm just looking at the net headcount adds cumulatively over the past two quarters. I think we're almost 50,000. That was a pretty big step up from what the prior trend looked like. So can you give us any sense of how much of that was from acquisitions versus organic? And I guess is there any reason to not look at this accelerated hiring as kind of a bullish indicator?
Angie Park: So let me take that question. And as it relates to the net people adds that we had in Q1. So we did add about 24,000 people in the first quarter, which is really reflective of the momentum that we see in our business. And managing supply and demand is a core competency of ours. And what you see is the continued high utilization rates at around 90%. Looking ahead, we'll continue to hire for the demand that we see and the skills that we need. And I'll give you a little bit more context that the hiring that we saw this quarter, similar to last was that it was concentrated in India.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I would just say that underlying our guidance, you are seeing organic momentum, right? So at the high-end of our guidance, for the year, we are going to exit at -- the range of organic growth in our guidance is 1 to 4, right? So I think that is -- it is a positive sign that we're hiring and some of it is coming from acquisitions, but we are seeing organic momentum in our business.
Jason Kupferberg : Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys. Congrats on the solid result. And Happy holidays. Kind of asking the guidance question a little bit differently. The 4% to 7% constant currency revenue guide for the fiscal year 2025, is a touch below just the first quarter number of 8% on a constant currency basis. So just trying to think about if there is any reason why the growth would decelerate off the first quarter level as we get more into fiscal year 2025?
Angie Park: Hi, Bryan, happy holidays to you as well. Let me give you -- here's how we were thinking about our guidance for the full year and the raise to 4% to 7%. If you think about where we are, we had a strong start in Q1. We have strong guidance in Q2, which was really driven -- it was broad-based and driven by our organic growth. At the same time, you heard Julie say, the macro remains the same. There's no change in the overall environment. And I want to reinforce importantly what I said earlier, which was we do expect -- we continue to expect inorganic contribution of about -- of a bit over 3%. And one of the things that we provided to you was how that will come in. So H1, we expect somewhere around about 4%, second half about 2%, and that will give you more of an understanding of how we see organic playing out for the year. And we will continue to see organic throughout this fiscal year. And then as it relates to -- if you think about it, we're one quarter in. We've got one quarter under our belt. We've got three more to go. And as Julie said earlier, we're executing on our strategy, and you can count on us to continue to do so.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe you guys could just talk a little bit about the industry group, the Financial Services. A lot of times, that kind of leads out of economic slowdowns. But it sounds like Banking & Capital Markets was a little bit softer, but some other areas of strength and just trying to figure out where that is in the industry right now because we're kind of getting mixed messages from some of the other IT service providers. Thanks so much.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So -- and I think it's a little bit different by market, right? So we are seeing the results a bit different by market. I will say, by the way, that we were pleased to see the U.K., as you might have heard, is coming back as we reposition the U.K. But with the dynamics in the U.S. market where it is a little bit better, in EMEA, it was a little bit worse, and you've got a mixed picture on the interest rates, what the expectations are. And so I'd say that -- and that is probably not a surprise. Yesterday, probably complicated that a little bit in the U.S., right? And so on the one hand, we are seeing a lot of interest, for example, in Banking & Capital Markets on things like GenAI. On the other hand, there is a lot that's being kind of processed with what's going to happen with interest rates and that. And so I -- we see -- obviously, it is getting better, but it is a mixed picture by region.
Angie Park: Yes. And just as a reminder, Bryan, as we look at Financial Services overall, we exited Q4 last year with a minus 2%, and we saw the uptick in the first quarter at 4% globally which reflects the dynamics that Julie was just describing, which really plays for our strength, as you think about the diversity of our business across markets and industries.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. Great results. Could we just touch on your potential for visibility this year into budgets and the timing you'd expect again? I know last -- I think earlier this year, it was generally in the January, February time frame, which had moved back up a little bit. But do you still anticipate that kind of visibility at that part of the year? Or we could get a better picture on whether discretionary is really going to pick up or not? And then maybe just as a dovetail on that, maybe just conversations you are happening right now around AI for next year. Obviously, the bookings keep looking really strong for you guys, which is great. Any more specifics on where you are seeing it incrementally improve? Thanks guys.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So a great understanding of Accenture. January is sort of -- January, February as we really see what the client budget is going to be looking at. So that's where we get the most visibility. And so we'll be reporting more on that in the next quarter. So you're absolutely right, we do anticipate getting that visibility in January, February. And then with respect to AI, we are continuing to see in our conversations, and I probably talked to 30 CEOs in the last 2 months, right? So spend a lot of time, and also around the world. So it's been a busy travel quarter. I've been in Europe, I've been in Southeast Asia, Australia, the U.S. So -- and pretty consistently, clients are seeking to do more in AI, but they are in such different places. I mean I'll be with one bank where we're talking about what is GenAI, AI, why does it matter? And the fact that they are not yet in the cloud. And I'll be talking to another bank where they've been fully in the cloud and they want to be the first out to use GenAI. And so I think it is hard to generalize. You are still seeing that because the overall spending environment is the same, that they're -- that those who really want to go into -- in AI are more prioritizing spending as opposed to spending more, right? Where we see the biggest opportunity when companies start to get more confident to spend more is going to be and moving faster with their data foundation that fuels AI and then AI. But right now it still generally feels more like a prioritization within current budget. And so we'll see what happens in January and February. And that's why our strategy has been to pivot there, right? So to go after [more than] (ph) our fair share of those budgets.
Darrin Peller: All right. That's really helpful. And then just when we look at the opportunity for what you're -- where you're hiring, you mentioned India, but we've heard a lot of customers are starting to think about a little bit even more onshore. And so just maybe talk a little bit more about the mix again. It had gone for a while more offshore looking for better price optimization. But where are we on that right now? Are you seeing any evidence of a shift back to nearshore, onshore? Thanks again guys. Great job.
Julie Sweet: No big trend. What I'd say is we focus on the G2000. So a lot of our companies are global. And so they really are looking for optimization of right skills because a big piece of why people, for example, use India is about skills, right? 10 years ago, it was about labor arbitrage, right? Today, it is about like the ability to get these skills at scale. What I would say is that we, at Accenture, are continuing to develop more because in some cases, it is language, right, as you're kind of doing more transformation, new parts of the enterprise where you want maybe lanes with skills or time zones. So we have a global network in -- with 100 centers around the world. In the U.S., for example, we've been opening some new centers in underserved environments. We just opened a center in the Bronx recently. So -- but all of it is kind of aimed at being very sophisticated, and we see ourselves as part of the integrated talent strategy of our clients. And it's like right skills, right time zone, right price, continues to be the guiding with I would say an emphasis on skills.
Darrin Peller : Great. Thanks Julie, thanks Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Julie, understand that your outlook, and you’re not really seeing any differences on macro side, and your outlook look like sort of idiosyncratic growth. But can you maybe discussed a little bit about when you talk with clients, what's the sort of range of outcomes for discretionary increases in the 2025 budget outlook? And how big a factor is rates specifically as a macro impact when they're thinking about that? And do you think that changes materially given the Fed message yesterday?
Julie Sweet: The rates definitely depends on industry, right? So if you're a more capital-intensive industry or you're an industry that wants to grow more in acquisitions, the rates -- there's lots of puts and takes in doing the range. And I think it's just too early based on yesterday's there's been a lot of speculation. I mean our business is very much focused on like -- when there's change, and it doesn't matter what the change is, good or bad change, that's where we really partner with our clients successfully because if they've now got new constraints because the rates are higher, then they want more opportunity to cut costs. If the rate are going to fuel things like capital projects, we've got our capital projects business, right? So what we focus on, and I think what we are so successful is we have these deep relationships with our clients. Our top 100, we've been them over 10 years. We understand them. And we are always looking at this and say, okay, what that mean, anticipating what they are helping. So that's -- so whatever the change is, that's where Accenture really can help them pivot. And it's part of our strength that we're so relevant to both growth and cost.
Jim Schneider: That's helpful. Thank you. And then with respect to the AI work, you talked about some of the context of the client conversations you're having. But quantitatively, are you seeing any kind of major changes in terms of the size and scope of the individual projects? And what are clients saying about sort of their pivot or when they might pivot to sort of larger, more transformative projects within GenAI?
Julie Sweet: Yes. We are already starting to see that, right? We are starting to see the clients -- and the characteristics are pretty clear. If you have a client that's been investing in their digital core, include security and data for many years, and we have many of those that we've helped, they're now able to start to scale, and we are starting to do that, and we're seeing those partnerships. Where you have clients where we've been helping them prove it and maybe scale in a part of the business, but they really haven't got their data foundation or they're not moving into the cloud, then what they're working with us is how do we accelerate that. And what you probably heard as we were talking through some of the examples today is that there's a lot of data foundation now being built along with getting into modern cloud platforms. And so we are seeing an acceleration of the data work, which is absolutely fundamental to using GenAI.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yeah, hi guys. Great job. And I guess my question, just on the fiscal Q2 guide. Historically, Q2 has been a pretty flat sequential quarter. And you are guiding, I believe to down about $1 billion to $1.5 billion sequentially this quarter. I know a little of that may be a few hundred million FX, I get that. But what -- was there anything in Q1 that kind of naturally falling off in Q2 this year, that's a little unnormal or some sequential pattern that's a little different?
Angie Park: Yes, David, happy holidays and good morning. As we think about our Q2 guide of 5% to 9%, it's a very solid guide, based upon what we see. And there's nothing unique in Q2 that I would call out. And in fact, just anchoring back to our over delivery that we saw in the first quarter was really a function of the larger deals coming online a bit better than we expected, and we continue to see that, which gave us confidence in driving -- in raising our guidance for the full year. So nothing to call out for Q2.
Dave Koning: Got you. Yes. You definitely crushed Q1. And then, I guess, one just a nerdy kind of financial question, but now that you fully have like the debt in place, should we think about a sequential pickup in interest expense? I think it was $30 million in Q1. Does that go to like $50 million in Q2 or something like that?
Angie Park: Yes. Different than giving you the specific numbers in terms of how to think about it, yes that is correct because when you – there is certain things, of course, that we see in our income below operations. And what you saw there was the interest -- the net interest income was lower as a result of we did have average lower cash balances, also lower interest rates. And then we also had the interest expense from our long-term debt. So -- but all of that has been factored in the guidance that we've given and so it's in there.
Dave Koning: Gotcha. Thanks guys. Great job.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. I want to just quickly ask a follow-up on capital structure and allocation. It sounds like you are still quite committed to pursuing both acquisitions, as well as capital return. Last year, we looked at -- we did some essentially debt raise to help fund those priorities. Where are we at from that perspective? Or do you feel like we're in a pretty good overall cash position and continue to be able to do that? Or should we expect that at some point, at least over the next couple of years, we can see further decreases in debt and debt raising to fund the capital allocation priorities?
Angie Park: Yes. Hi James. Nice to talk to you. Why don't I start. We were pleased to execute our inaugural bond offering of $5 billion, which we did in October. And when we step back, it was really a routine review of our capital structure where we tap the long-term debt market to increase our liquidity for general corporate accounting purposes, and what it does is, it ultimately, it optimizes our capital structure and reduces our cost of capital. That said, let me just reinforce for you, there is no change to our capital allocation as strategy, which also includes how we look at and use G&A.
Julie Sweet: And this year, we are going back to kind of more of a business as usual. We think it's going to be somewhere around $3 billion. But as we've always said, if there is opportunities or not, we've got the balance sheet. So we could raise debt, but there's no strategy to increase debt. But we might, if we had the right opportunities. I mean, last year, we had a great opportunity to double down on strategic acquisitions, and it served us well as we've gone into this year. But this year, we are back to kind of standard around $3 billion, which is kind of the right percentage. So we'll communicate as we go. We always have that flexibility. And I think that's the strength if you think about Accenture is having a strong balance sheet and to have the flexibility to go after opportunities in the market that drive long-term growth. And that's how we think about the decisions about whether or not to do debt or not.
James Faucette: That's great color there. And then I wanted to ask about the consulting bookings, seeing nice growth and acceleration there. I'm wondering -- and I know it is hard given the breadth of Accenture's customer base, but I'm wondering if you can help us maybe generalize what you're seeing in consulting bookings and if there's a change there? And I guess I'm wondering if we're seeing a focus on cost control versus potential revenue generation or new technology evaluation or how it folds into AI. Just any color you could provide on what the tenor of those consulting bookings look like right now?
Julie Sweet: Yes. So maybe just keep in mind that what we're generally bringing to our clients are multiservice solution. So you might do, as we talked about, we're doing managed services in security, and that requires industry consulting as a part of it to make sure that we're doing all the work. A lot of the reinvention is a lot of process that. So I think I would anchor on -- there are really are two themes that at least -- when they come to us. They want cost efficiency. Every industry wants a cost efficiency now, and they're looking for growth or other outcomes, speed to market. You heard a lot -- when we talked about, like what we're doing with like CaixaBank, that was both speed to market, as well as efficiencies. And so that's one of the things that we focus on, and that really gives us -- it's our unique differentiation because we got things like Song, that's everything about customer, and we can put to that. We understand the industry. So the twin themes here is cost efficiency and growth.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi, good morning. Many thanks and happy holidays to everyone. My first question I wanted to ask is around pricing dynamics. And you've indicated that the macro backdrop is fairly steady. You're gaining share through skills, and I wanted to ask specifically about some of the legacy areas such as application maintenance, maybe the BPO work. One of your competitors suggested that pricing is pretty challenging because there aren't enough deals and a lot of folks chasing those deals, but could you specifically address what you're seeing as pricing dynamics during the quarter? Any changes?
Julie Sweet: It's a very competitive market, which is what we've been saying every quarter and we did see lower pricing across the business, which has been pretty consistent. What I would say is, that which makes sense, right you're in a constrained -- as we said, that the clients have constrained spending, particularly on small deals and so you'd expect it to be constrained. What I would say, though that AMS, Application Managed Services, is not legacy if you do it the way we do it, right? So what we offer to our clients is we have the talent, the full-stack engineers, the GenAI, we have a platform called GenWizard. And so clients are coming to us to say, hey, can you take off my old applications. They're coming on us to modernize while taking costs down. And you see that for -- and what the work we're doing, it's very advanced in how we are doing it. So we basically call it run to the new right? It's like have us help you run your applications in order to rotate to the new. So we see this as a critical way that we are at the heart of their business in modernizing their digital core. It's not legacy. Same thing with our operations business.
Keith Bachman: Yes. Okay. That makes a ton of sense. Thank you Julie. My follow-up question is, some of our recent discussions, and to be fair, with software companies, have suggested that Europe's softened in the last 30, 45 days and -- which makes sense, if you just read the newspapers about what's going on in Europe. But have you guys seen any change in the dynamics underpinning Europe and/or change the perspective that you may have as it relates to European demand over the next 12 months? And that's it for me. And many thanks again, and happy holidays.
Julie Sweet: Thanks. So our view of European demand is -- over the next 12 months, is baked into the rise of in our guidance, right? And we are all reading the same papers. Europe is definitely more, Middle East is obviously different. Europe is definitely in a more challenging environment. And you see that with our growth rate is there on a relative basis as well. But we feel very good about -- we have an excellent business in EMEA. We are very relevant to our clients. And so we feel good about the -- us -- our demand environment, and that's fully reflected in the raise in guidance that we just gave you. Thank you. Can we have the next question?
Katie O’Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Absolutely. And our final question comes from Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hey, guys. Good morning. Happy holidays. I wanted to ask on the service lines here. Can you comment on performance across strategic consulting, tech services and operations?
Julie Sweet: Yes. All very -- all strong this quarter.
Angie Park: Yes. Bryan, the thing that I would add to that is we did see broad-based growth. And if you look at it from a consulting and a managed services type of work perspective, we had mid-single-digit growth in consulting and 11% growth in managed services. And as you think about the rate that we have for the year, which is 4% to 7% underneath that, we see consulting now in the mid-single range growth and managed services in the mid-to-high range growth.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then a follow-up here on the workforce and contract profitability. So you know the most headcount was added across India. Can you just comment on what you're seeing there as far as wage inflation dynamics, just given most services companies and GCCs have been leaning in, and particularly amid the competitive pricing environment? Just talk about the levers you have here to mitigate gross margin pressure.
Angie Park: Yes, I'll start, Bryan. No real change in terms of the market dynamics of what we see reflected around wage inflation. And of course, we are always paying market relevant pay based upon the skills and the locations of our people. And we continue to see that the same, and then as it relates to pricing, as Julie mentioned, it is -- it continues to be highly competitive. At the same time, as you know of us, right, we are managing that. We're focused on pricing as well as on our differentiation, and we're focused on cost and delivery efficiencies in our business and how we operate.
Bryan Bergin : All right. Understood. Happy holidays.
Angie Park : Thank you Bryan.
Julie Sweet: Good happy holiday. Well, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all of our people for what you do every single day. I wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to being back here in a quarter. So thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-09-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing-by. Welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the conference over to our host, Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2024 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; KC McClure, our current Chief Financial Officer; and Angie Park, our incoming Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before Angie provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2025. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release, or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining. And thank you to our 774,000 people around the world who have worked every day to be at the center of our clients' business and deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. Our performance this year clearly demonstrates the resilience and agility of our business model, the power of our scale and reinvention in action. FY '24 was marked by a challenging market environment, and we have rapidly shifted to where our clients are buying, large reinventions that utilize the scale of Accenture's expertise and ecosystem relationships. And we have yet again put reinvention into action at Accenture with our significant investment and yearly (ph) leadership in what we believe will be the most transformative technology of the next decade, GenAI. As a result, over the last four quarters, we have successfully positioned Accenture for strong growth in FY ‘25. When market conditions improve, we will be well positioned to capitalize them. In FY ‘24, we continue to deliver on our enduring shareholder value proposition to grow faster than the market and take share, deliver earnings growth and margin expansion while investing at scale with strong free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and significant cash return to shareholders. Turning to our results and the foundation for growth we have built for FY '25. With our clients prioritizing large scale transformations, we doubled down on our strategy to be the reinvention partner of our clients. Our success is reflected in our full fiscal year bookings of $81 billion, representing 14% growth in local currency, including 33 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million in the fourth quarter, bringing the total of such bookings to 125 for the year, 19 more than last year. We are proud to now have 310 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships, an increase of 10 from last year, expanding our base of deep client relationships and the vantage point we have on the market. We delivered revenues of $65 billion for the year, representing 2% growth in local currency, while continuing to take market share on a rolling four quarter basis against our basket of our closest global publicly traded competitors, which is how we calculate market share. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 10 basis points and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 2%, while continuing to significantly invest in our business and our people with $6.6 billion in Strategic Acquisitions, $1.2 billion in R&D, and $1.1 billion in Learning and Development. We generated free cash flow of $8.6 billion allowing us to return $7.8 billion of cash to shareholders. We completed the business optimization actions we announced in March 2023 to reduce structural costs. For the full fiscal year, we had $3 billion in new GenAI bookings, including $1 billion in Q4. And for the full fiscal year, we had nearly $900 million in revenue. The magnitude of this achievement is seen in the comparison to FY '23, where we had approximately $300 million in sales and roughly $100 million in revenue from GenAI. This was an area where our clients continued to buy small deals, and we focused on accelerating our growth here. We have continued to steadily increase our data and AI workforce, reaching approximately 57,000 practitioners against our goal of 80,000 by the end of FY '26. We invested in our people to continue to develop their marketable skills and to help us reinvent our services using GenAI. Our people had approximately 44 million training hours this year, representing an increase of 10%, predominantly due to GenAI training. In addition to being a talent creator through our investment in learning, our talent strategy to succeed over the next decade is to have the best access to talent and to unlock the potential of our talent through, among other actions, ensuring our people feel they are net better off for working at Accenture across four dimensions: marketable skills, working for a purpose, well-being financial, mental and physical and relationships, where our people feel they belong and can thrive. In addition, our leadership in the market requires that we lead in innovation, which in turn requires access to broad pools of talent that provide the variety of perspectives, observations and insights, which are essential to continuously innovate. These strategies depend on us fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace, and our superior execution of these strategies is demonstrated by our global recognition for the third year with the number one spot on the FTSE, Global Diversity and Inclusion Index, an objective measurement of over 15,000 organizations and our recent achievement of having 50-50 gender equality in our advanced technology centers in India, which have over 220,000 people. Our long-term growth depends on thriving communities, and we continue to successfully create value in the communities where we operate, such as our work helping address the United Kingdom's digital inclusion gap, partnering with Tech [indiscernible] on a new program, regenerative AI, that aims to empower people and socioeconomically disadvantaged communities across the country to build their digital skills. Finally, I want to acknowledge how proud we are to have earned the number two spot on Times World's Best Companies list and the top spot on the World's Best Management Consulting Firms list by Forbes. Over to you KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We're very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which were aligned to our expectations and reflect improvement across all dimensions of our business. We continue to invest for long-term market leadership, while delivering significant value for our shareholders. So let me begin by summarizing a few highlights for the quarter. Revenue grew 5% in local currency, driven by mid-single digit growth or higher in seven of our 13 industries, including public service, industrial, software and platforms, health, high tech, energy, and life sciences. We had growth in all three markets, all three services as well as return to growth in consulting type of work for the first time in six quarters. Organic revenue improved as well to slightly positive growth, and we continue to take market share. Adjusted operating margin was 15%, an increase of 10 basis points over Q4 last year. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our business and our people. We delivered adjusted EPS of $2.79, which represents 3% growth compared to adjusted EPS last year. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.2 billion and returned $1.4 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $20.1 billion for the quarter, representing 21% growth in U.S. dollars and 24% growth in local currency with an overall book-to-bill of 1.2. Consulting bookings were $8.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1. Managed services were $11.6 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.4. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $16.4 billion above the mid-point of our guided range, reflecting a 3% increase in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.3 billion, up 1% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency. Managed services revenue were $8.1 billion, up 5% in U.S. dollars and 7% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services and strategy and consulting both grew mid-single digits and operations grew low-single digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue grew 6% in local currency driven by growth in public service and industrial. In EMEA, revenue grew 2% local currency led by growth in public service and life sciences, partially offset by a decline in banking and capital markets. Revenue growth was driven by Italy and the United Kingdom, partially offset by a decline in France. In growth markets, revenue grew 9% in local currency, led by growth in banking and capital markets, software and platforms, and industrial. Revenue growth was driven by Argentina and Japan. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.5% compared with 32.4% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.7% compared with 10.8% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were 6.8% compared to 6.7% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that results in Q4 of FY '24 and FY '23 include costs associated with business optimization actions, which impacted operating margin and EPS. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 15% adjusted operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q4 last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.2% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 27.4% for the fourth quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.79 compared with adjusted EPS of $2.71 in the fourth quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 46 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $214 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $5 billion compared with $9 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.1 million shares for $628 million at an average price of $303.07 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $1.28 per share for a total of $808 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.48 per share to be paid on November 15, a 15% increase over last year, and approved $4 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Now I'd like to take a moment to summarize the year. Our fiscal '24 results illustrate the diversity and durability of our business as well as our ability to continue to manage our business with rigor and discipline. We delivered record bookings of $81.2 billion, reflecting 13% growth in U.S. dollars and 14% growth in local currency, with a record 125 quarterly client bookings over $100 million, which positions us well as we begin FY '25. Revenue of $64.9 billion for the year reflects growth of 2% local currency. Before I continue, I want to note that results for the full fiscal year '24 and fiscal '23 include costs associated with business optimization actions, and fiscal '23 results also reflect a gain on investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted operating margin, our tax rate and EPS. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating margin of 15.5%, a 10 basis point expansion over FY '23. Adjusted earnings per share were $11.95, reflecting a 2% growth over adjusted FY '23 EPS. Free cash flow of $8.6 billion reflected a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. And with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, we returned $7.8 billion of cash to shareholders while investing approximately $6.6 billion across 46 acquisitions. In closing, we feel good about how we managed our business while navigating a challenging macro environment in FY '24 and we remain committed to delivering on our enduring shareholder value proposition while creating 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. And now back to you, Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Our FY '24 growth was driven by our clients seeking to reinvent using tech, data, AI and new ways of working. Reinvention requires a strong digital core. In FY '25, a significant driver of our growth will continue to be helping our clients with digital transformation, including building out their digital core and then using it to drive productivity and growth. We see the advent of GenAI and its tremendous potential acting as a catalyst for reinvention. Our clients turn to us for our unique combination of services across strategy, consulting, song, Industry X, technology and operations. Our strategists and deep industry functional customer and technology consultants work hand-in-hand with our clients and across services to shape and deliver these reinventions. Our investments in our advanced platforms, our assets and solutions, our process expertise, the insights from our scale and diversification, and our ability to both design and build the solutions, combined with our managed services are key differentiators for us. At the same time, we see AI as the new digital. Like digital, AI is both the technology and a new way of working, and the full value will only come from strategies built on both productivity and growth. And it will be used in every part of the enterprise. We believe the introduction of GenAI signifies a transformative era that is set to drive growth for us and our clients over the next decade much like digital technology has in the last decade and continues to do so. As part of that, we expect that the work to prepare enterprise data, which is the fuel for AI will be an increasing part of our growth. To accomplish reinvention and take advantage of AI, businesses need to focus on talent, their ability to access the best people at the right time, place and cost, the ability to be a talent creator to keep their people market relevant and their ability to unlock the potential of their talent is critical. We see talent as a top C-suite agenda item. Today, our managed services are an important part of our clients' long-term talent strategy. Our ability to harness AI is helping them close talent gaps and our strong expertise across talent, change, HR and organizations differentiates all our services. Our launch of LearnVantage, which provides comprehensive technology learning and training services, helps our clients reskill and upskill their people so they can be a talent creator. Let me give you a few examples of the types of reinventions we are doing. In Financial Services, banking and insurance are on their reinvention journey, while retirement services a $15 billion global addressable market growing at about 6% has lagged behind. We have invested to grow our capabilities and talent to capture this next wave of growth. We are working with TIAA, the largest U.S. provider of lifetime income to accelerate the transformation of the company's retirement record-keeping capabilities and operations. Leveraging the power of AI, automation in the cloud, we are helping the company implement new technologies, making record-keeping processes more efficient over time and easier for their customers. Through this strategic partnership, we are supporting parts of TIAA's record-keeping operations, including back end processes and technology. For example, retirement plan sponsors will experience faster plan changes and participants will find it easier to initiate account openings and investment selections. Together, we are making retirement planning more accessible, efficient and personalized for individuals and clients, helping TIAA need its mission of a more secure in retirement for more Americans. Today, we work with 75% of the world's largest communication services providers. With our strong industry and technology expertise, we are modernizing a global Telecom's core IT operations to drive growth. Through our managed services program, we are consolidating IT vendors, increasing productivity by an estimated 60% and reducing cost by half. We are also infusing our GenAI tools to enhance the software development life cycle and automate manual tasks such as resolving technical issues with customer orders, invoices or service availability. Now this will free up employees to focus on strategic growth initiatives and improve the overall customer experience. We are also implementing new ways of working, and then we'll train and upscale the team to use the new GenAI tools more effectively, helping to create more profitable outcomes for the company. These changes will create a stronger management framework and prepare the company for expansion into new markets. Security continues to be one of the fastest growing parts of our business, reaching $9 billion in revenue this year, representing 23% growth. We are partnering with the Kuwait Government Central Agency for information technology to revolutionize the security posture of its public services and national critical infrastructure. We are implementing and managing a scalable platform powered by GenAI, enabling the agency to act on evolving cyber threats up to 60% quicker than with traditional technologies, including detection response and containment models. In the past, security analysts manually research threats with limited information before handing the incident to the impacted government entity losing valuable time as the attack progressed. But now using a new platform, when analysts open a potential incident, they can quickly drill down into details about the users, systems under attack, type of attack and more with just one click. Thanks to GenAI's ability to process significant amounts of data and automatically elaborate context as a threat is detected, we are supporting our experts in making faster decisions with confidence as we progressively onboard over 60 government entities and while we also develop local talent. The strategic collaboration underscores our commitment to safeguarding Kuwait's digital assets and empowering the nation's journey towards enhanced cybersecurity resilience. A key area for companies to seek reinvention is in marketing, where the potential to use tech, data and creativity to drive growth, drive tangible outcomes for the enterprise. We are very proud to be working with HP and American multinational information technology company and a new global partnership to develop the right data sets, technology and creative for their B2B powerhouse business and brand that fulfils their goal to move away from the traditional agency model to true marketing capability transformation to significantly improve the impact, efficacy and efficiency of their marketing investment with the ability to drive tangible business results. In every industry, there is a challenge or opportunity that GenAI can now uniquely solve. Our deep understanding of both the industry and the technology positions us to be the best at creating real value from GenAI with our clients. For example, in insurance, companies can't typically process 100% of their coverage submissions. This creates a bottleneck for revenue growth. The ability to leverage GenAI to read 100% of submissions allows insurance companies to better assess risk as well as quote and write more policies and do it all more quickly and cost effectively. Utilizing a new set of solutions we created, we're working with QBE Insurance Group, a multinational insurance company headquartered in Sydney, to scale industry-leading AI powered underwriting solutions, replicated across multiple lines of business to help the company to make faster and more accurate business decisions. A series of Board, executive level and all employee learning sessions were conducted to help drive the design and build those solutions that analyze new business submissions for completeness, appetite check and risk evaluation insights. They can now process 100% of submissions received from brokers, greatly accelerating market response time. After nine months in market, these solutions are winning multiple industry innovation awards and early results indicate an increase in both quote to buying rate and premium. This collaboration will enable QBE Insurance Group to identify and select risk more effectively, improve broker and customer experience and support growth. We are collaborating with a major integrated downstream energy provider to drive significant improvements in safety, sustainability and operational performance with three new GenAI powered solutions. We aim to continue to improve safety by using proactive insights from GenAI to inform planners of potential incidents instead of reactively waiting for specific warning signs to appear. This means 90% faster data access, reducing planning time from hours to minutes per task. Another solution will help detect methane leaks in real time and prioritize their resolutions. We also helped build a smart solution for operators and process engineers to drive custom insights to optimize refinery performance and reduce downtime. The energy provider is on a path to set a new industry standard for innovation and refinery operations. One of the most powerful impactful uses of GenAI today across industry is in consumer experience transformation. We are working with Mondelez International, a world leader in snacking with well-known brands like Oreo, belVita and Cadbury to transform their marketing organization with GenAI to help drive consumer behavior. As part of this program, we're standing up a refreshed operating model with a primary focus on upskilling their employees in GenAI technologies. We are also helping enable a new capability to scale content creation and generate personalized text, images and videos across markets. This means exceptional creative can be developed in hours, not weeks, allowing content to be catered to consumers quickly as demands change. The strong digital core we established also allows the company to collect and process real-time data using GenAI to create new contextualized insights that can be easily accessed, shared and used by decision makers across the company. This work will increase the effectiveness and efficiency of messaging to create more impactful experiences. Now let's turn to our acquisitions. Over the last decade, we have built a finely tuned acquisition capability, becoming known in the market as a good home with approximately 70% on average of our acquisitions sole sourced. While our ability to identify and evaluate our acquisitions is critical, it is our ability to integrate them successfully that has made our acquisition capabilities so formidable. As we look forward, we are excited about the opportunity to better serve our clients and differentiate in the market to the acquisitions we've made this last fiscal year. As a reminder, we do acquisitions ultimately to drive our organic growth. Our global footprint, deep client relationships across industries as well as strong ecosystem gives us a unique perspective on growth opportunities. We use acquisitions to scale quickly in growth areas, to build new skills in adjacent markets and to deepen our technology, industry and functional expertise. Over the years, acquisitions have built major areas of growth like what we call Song today in our security practice. Here are a few examples of where we are investing now to lead in the next waves of growth. Starting with capital projects, an over $440 billion addressable global market growing approximately 5%. In FY '22, globally, we had approximately $300 million in capital projects revenue. We entered the U.S. market in FY '23 with the acquisition of Anser Advisory. Since the beginning of FY '24, we expanded our reach into Canada with Comtech in Q1, and this Q4, we acquired BOSLAN in EMEA. We recognized over $800 million in revenue on capital projects this fiscal year '24. Health is an industry still early in digitization, where we see significant opportunity over the next decade. It is a $70 billion addressable global market growing approximately 6%. This year, we added Cognosante in the U.S., creating a new federal health portfolio in our federal service business. We also acquired Nautilus Consulting in the U.K., a digital consultancy specializing in electronic patient records. And we announced our intent to acquire consus.health, a health care consultancy in Germany that offer services ranging from medical strategy and patient management to procurement and logistics, infrastructure management and construction planning services. And in Europe, public service, an industry that is early in digitization with significant investment allocated for transformation, our acquisitions are accelerating our growth and setting us up to take shares in a $46 billion market that is growing approximately 5%. We acquired Arns, Aris (ph) in Germany, a technology services provider supporting the public sector transformation across Europe. In Italy, we acquired Intellera Consulting, one of Italy's main professional services providers operating the public administration and health care sectors, and Customer Management IT and SirfinPA, jointly owned consultancies, supporting the public sector and specializing in justice and public safety. Now it gives me great pleasure to hand over to Angie Park, who'll become our new CFO on December 1, who will take us through our guidance for FY '25. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '25, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.85 billion to $17.45 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be approximately positive 1.5% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '24 and reflects an estimated 2% to 6% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal '25, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 1.5% compared to fiscal '24. For the full fiscal '25, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 3% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal '24, which includes an inorganic contribution of a bit more than 3%. And we expect to invest about $3 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '25 to be 15.6% to 15.8%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '24 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6% in fiscal '24. We expect our full year diluted earnings per share for fiscal '25 to be in the range of $12.55 to $12.91, or 5% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal '24 results. For the full fiscal '25, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.4 billion to $10.1 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. We expect to return at least $8.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. Finally, as part of our routine review of our capital structure, we expect to tap the long-term debt market in the near term to increase our liquidity for general corporate purposes as we look to optimize our capital structure and reduce our cost of capital. We expect to raise a modest amount of debt. In connection with that, there would be no change to our capital allocation strategy, which includes how we look at and use D&A (ph) or our strong credit ratings and our net leverage will remain low. We have incorporated the potential for long-term debt into our guidance, including the interest expense. With that, let's open it up, so that we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, Angie. We will now take your question. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow up to allow as many participants to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey. Thank you so much. Yeah, really strong bookings. I wanted to think about how that translates into revenue visibility. If you don't mind, I know Accenture doesn't normally talk about ACV, but can you maybe comment on the current relationship between ACV and TCV and how that's evolving? It seems really important to us as we think about revenue and visibility. Duration looks like it's up, but you also have a lot of large deals converting as well, so can you comment on that?
Angie Park: Hi, Tien-Tsin. Good morning. It's Angie. So let me cover guidance because maybe it will help to paint a picture of how we're thinking about the full fiscal year. I think it's really important. Let's start with how we ended Q4. If you think about the 5% growth that we posted in the fourth quarter, what we highlighted was that we did have slight growth in organic, which is important as we exit the year. And as you just talked about, over the last few quarters, we've really pivoted our business to what our clients are buying, which are the large transformation deals. And what that does is it positions us better than compared to the same time last year on the revenue that we've already sold. From an inorganic contribution, I do want to highlight that overall, we expect a bit over 3% for the year, which would imply with our guidance of 3% to 6%, that at the bottom end of the range, organic is flat. And then at the top end of the range, we're growing 3% in organic growth. And then as you peel it back and you look at the revenue growth that we see, it is broad based, and we saw that coming out of Q4, we see it across the market and across all of our industry groups. And then as -- when you look at it by type of work as well, what we see right now is that both consulting and managed services, we see low to mid-single digit growth rates for the year. And so stepping back with the color and how we're looking at our guidance, we're very pleased with how we have set ourselves up that and positioned ourselves for fiscal '25.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And so Tien-Tsin, what that means is, we're not commenting specifically on ACV and TCV because as you said that isn't. But the way to think about the confidence level and going to the year, right, is that we told you that we had a strategy to have more megas. We've shared with you that we had 19 more of these bookings than last year, $100 million or more. So you can see there's a big quantum. And so as you think about going into the year, we've got a bigger base of revenue coming from these larger deals coming online than we did going into fiscal year '24. And so that's really how we're trying to help you all think about it is by being clear about that strategy and how -- and the quantum of that, and that's how we then think about the year. So hopefully, that gives you some more insights together with the view on the guidance.
Tien-Tsin Huang: No, it does and it's very reasonable as well, just to say that loud out. Just on the acquisition side, Julie, I think I asked it last quarter, so I'll ask again. I know you've been very busy. I like the examples that you gave around the productivity you're getting from some of the deals and the examples you gave again. But how about just overall appetite this year, are you still seeing good opportunities? Could we see a stepdown or a pause in the short term, anything else to add?
Julie Sweet: Yeah. So what I would say is, as Angie just said, our inorganic plan for the year, like, in terms of -- as you think about revenue guidance, we kind of -- we're going into the year with nearly 3%, and we think we'll -- right now, the plan for is a little bit above 3% is what we're seeing for fiscal year '25. And that reflects an expected plan right now of about $3 billion of deployed capital. So a step down from last year and probably more backend loaded as we look at our pipeline. Now obviously, we always have the ability to flex up or down. We only tie it to the opportunities in the market, but that’s how we’re seeing this year as we think about our investments.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Perfect. Thank you. Well done. Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Participant: Great. Thanks for taking our question, guys. This is Antonio (ph) on for James. I wanted to actually dig into the technology segment. I know cloud is a big component of this. Could you talk through how clients spend on these cloud migration projects has been trending over the last 90 days and how we should think about cloud growth going into fiscal year '25? And then I have a follow-up after.
Julie Sweet: Hi, Antonio. I'm not going to think about it in the last 90 days is just think about like sort of where we've been and where we think we're going, right?
Unidentified Participant: Yeah.
Julie Sweet: So, in cloud, you still have a lot of migration that's happening, but on more of the high-performance compute applications. So things like mainframe, right? So -- and you also still have some clients who are very, very early in their cloud journey. And one of the things I talked about in the script, for example, was like retirement services. Like that's an entire segment where they're very, very early in the cloud journey. And so at the same time, you've got companies that are very early, just starting their cloud journey. You have those who are farther along who are now getting to the harder applications like mainframe. And then we still have a lot of modernization because what happened in the pandemic, people who were trying to get to the cloud to get the infrastructure savings, have not yet done the modernization. And that modernization, of course, feeds into all the things we do, right, brings the industry and the functional expertise. And so as we look going into FY '25, we continue to see those strengths. So we expect that cloud is going to continue to be a significant driver of growth but on all of those dimensions, right? And the high performance compute as well requires very deep industry knowledge, like doing mainframe in the context of health is very different than the context of banking. So hopefully, that helps you.
Unidentified Participant: Got it. No, that's helpful. And then, I wanted to ask on the organic headcount. It actually looks like that ticked up quite a bit. Could you comment on your hiring strategy and in what geographies you're sort of looking to shape that?
Angie Park: Yeah. Why don't I start and then Julie add (ph) any additional comments as well. So as you can see, I mean, I want to start with how we're exiting the year. We saw slight organic growth in Q4, and we see that momentum into FY '25. You will have also seen that we added about 24,000 people this year in Q4, which is reflective of the momentum that we see in the business. And as always, right, looking ahead, we will always hire for the skills and the demand that we see. And just more broadly, I would just remind us that as you think about us, as a business, our core competency is balancing supply -- managing supply and demand. And you see that through our utilization rates, which continue to be in the 92% range.
Julie Sweet: And we're hiring -- from a talent strategy, right, we are hiring primarily in India. So a lot of that hiring is technology in India and, of course, also addresses -- we are refreshing our pyramid at this time. So you've got kind of the new college graduates coming in. So there's really no change in our talent strategy. We hire all over the world. And in technology, which is a big driver of the growth that we're seeing now and going into FY '25, that is a lot of hiring in India.
Unidentified Participant: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Thanks. I wanted to pick up on the commentary about the consulting outlook for fiscal '25. You said up low to mid-single digits. I think that's very consistent with the exit rate of 3% coming out of fiscal '24. So does that imply that you are not building much of a discretionary spending recovery into this initial F '25 guide?
Angie Park: Yeah. Hi, Jason. Good morning. How are you? And let me just give you a little bit of color on that as you think about the types of work and the question that you just asked. If you think about our range overall, so we're at 3% to 6% for the full year. And what this assumes is, at the top end, we see more of the thing, right, in terms of the discretionary spending environment. While at the bottom end, it allows for further deterioration in the discretionary spend environment over what we experienced in FY '24.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's very helpful. And then maybe one for Julie. I just wanted to get your broad take on the macro backdrop. I mean, I guess, what are decision makers telling you right now versus three months ago? What are they waiting to see to open the discretionary budget a little bit more?
Julie Sweet: Yeah. Well, the environment is really more of the same and that environment has been kind of a cautious environment. Right now, they're going into budget season. So as always, we'll really see in January and on February, but there hasn't been much of a change, right? The macro is kind of the same. Obviously, there's some events going to come up in the fall that people are thinking about, but there's not like a big tone change, right? And I think, because if you look at the macroeconomic environment, FY '25 is going to click down in the U.S., maybe a little bit better in Europe. But overall, not a lot of improvement. So we're not hearing -- I'm not hearing from CEOs, and I'm talking to them almost every day, some big like, hey, now we're ready to go spend more, right, in discretionary spending. So it's really just more of the same. And by the way, one of the changes that we made this last fiscal year '24 was normally we do for decades, our big promotion period was in December, and then a small one in June. And so in fiscal year '24, we switched these, right? We said we have a lot more visibility in our business in January or February because that's where budgets are set. So we did that this past year and had a really big promotion, a very nice promotion, I would say, not really big, but very nice promotion in this past June. We've now permanently shifted that promotion cycle. So we will do our big promotion cycle in June and our smaller one in December to better match when our clients are setting their budgets and we have better visibility. And that's what we're seeing again. The justification for that is clear that we're really no IT spending and spending on our services in the budgets in January, February.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks for all the color.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Keith Bachman with BMO.
Keith Bachman: Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much. I wanted to revisit on M&A, if I could, and just get some clarification. In FY '24, you spent, as you noted $6.6 billion, which was up about 160% year-over-year. And if we sort of do the math on what your normalized multiples are to revenue, it looks like you're starting the year of FY '25 with 3 points of M&A help. And so I just want to understand, is that the right way to think about it? And then Julie, you had indicated that you plan to spend $3 billion more in M&A this year, and it will be, as you said, backend weighted. But I'm just struggling why M&A is that $3 billion number is even second half weighted, why M&A isn't 4% or more for the year?
Angie Park: Let me just start with peeling back our inorganic contribution a bit. As we look at the deals that we closed in '24, it's nearly 3% contribution, right? And so with the backend loaded approach in our capital deployed, we do see a bit over 3%, and that's just the math.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. It's just timing, right? It's not quite 3% going in because a lot of this closed at the end of Q4, right? And so it's just its timing, right? And it's the way we see our pipeline developing, right? Because we have a view of what we're going to -- we think we're going to spend in Q1 and Q2 and how that rolls in.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Let me transition the bookings then. As you think about FY ‘25, and I know you don't guide to bookings, it's more of an output, but any puts and takes that you want us to think about in terms of the book-to-bill ratio in FY '25 that might be higher or lower? Any kind of cadence there? And if you don't mind, was there an M&A help in the August quarter bookings as well or signings, excuse me?
Angie Park: Why don't I start, in terms of the way to think about our bookings, we were super pleased with the $81 billion of bookings that we had for the year, which was 14% growth, which included the 125 quarterly client bookings over $100 million. And so I think that, that we were super pleased with. And you saw that in our book-to-bill and our growth rate in managed services was driven by our large transformation deals. For us, over time of our four trailing quarters, we're always looking for our consulting book-to-bill to be 1.0 or better and for our managed services to be 1.2 or better and nothing has changed there.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And there was nothing in M&A about our bookings in Q4.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Many thanks.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Good morning. Julie, I just want to ask about GenAI. I think bookings were up almost about $300 million in the third quarter sequentially, up about $100 million this quarter. Anything about the cadence there of GenAI and fall through there that you can help us understand?
Julie Sweet: Sure. So yeah, so we ended with $3 billion bookings for the year, and we'd expect in FY '25, another healthy increase. We know there's clear demand. We're starting to see more of our clients move from proof-of-concept to sort of larger implementations, which is important. So the size of those bookings is kind of, is clicking up. And also, we're continuing to see kind of at least every other one has got data pull-through and even that's kind of moving up. So we're kind of going into the year, we'd see -- we'd expect another healthy increase in our bookings and our revenue from that and also that data will continue to kind of be a bigger and bigger part of that building out of the digital core because one of the biggest limitations on using GenAI today and why it's going to take a while is our client needs data and our clients have a lot of work to do on data, which is, of course, a big opportunity for us.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And then just a clarification on the guide. I know the fourth quarter organic growth was positive, and we're talking about fiscal year '25 revenue guide of 3% to 6% on a constant currency basis. And if you back out the acquisitions, I think you guys said on the low end, we're talking about flat organic growth, that would be a slight step down from the fourth quarter, which is -- would be a little surprising given some of the momentum that you guys are seeing in bookings and in headcount growth. So just wanted to make sure I understood what that low end might imply and why would there necessarily be a step down from where the fourth quarter kind of ended? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. No. And the way we're thinking about it, right, we're going into the year with momentum. We had executed on the strategy around the bigger deals. So we have a stronger base of revenue. We've got the acquisitions. And so on the bottom end of the range, what we would see, like the most likely reason to be there is if there was a deterioration in the discretionary spend environment, right? So we're trying to just kind of give some flexibility. We’re not seeing that, right? We sell more of the same this quarter. And so as we kind of go into the year, at the top end of the range, it’s the current environment going forward. And at the bottom of the range, if you were to ask me today, what is that mostly accommodated is if there was a deterioration in spending, right, so -- because of kind of the way we’ve positioned ourselves.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Great results and great guidance here. Two questions on GenAI. Are you seeing more of your conversations being less replacement and reallocation and purely incremental on G&A? And then I have a follow-up.
Julie Sweet: Well, I think it starts with, we're not seeing a change in what our clients are spending on IT, right? So -- but what we are seeing is the continued trend of trying to save money on IT to free up the spending on areas of GenAI. So on the one hand, right now, we haven't seen a change in overall spending. We'll see what the budgets come in January, February, but we're not expecting a big change. But what we also are seeing is that as they're saving money, they want to invest it in things like GenAI and data. So that's really the dynamic that's going on, save to invest, but we haven't seen signs of overall change.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And then a quick follow-up on margins. Can you maybe touch on the GenAI services margin, how it stands versus your traditional business? I think that would be really helpful for investors. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Are you -- I mean, are GenAI margin and sort of -- is that different from when we're doing GenAI versus other GenAI technology?
Dan Dolev: Correct. GenAI services versus your traditional consulting business.
Julie Sweet: Look, GenAI is still a small part of our business, and I wouldn't really think about it as having a particularly different margin profile at this time. And as you probably heard in our -- in my script that a lot of time we're starting to embed GenAI in our larger deals and so we're not really thinking about it as like a sort of a separate way. So I wouldn't think about it too differently than our usual business.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Thanks. Well, great momentum. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Very helpful commentary on the client outlook on limited discretionary spend. But can you maybe help us understand or unpack, when you talk to them, what are they looking for to release discretionary spend? Is it more macro factors, whether that be rates, election or regulatory or is it more micro factors tied to their IT budgets? And if it's the latter, what are the things they're looking for in terms of getting increased clarity on those priorities going into 2025?
Julie Sweet: Sure. It's a good question. And it's really -- overall, there is a sense of the macro, right? Because if you look at the -- a lot of our clients are global. If you look at the macroeconomic, there isn't a big change. There's kind of going into next year, like the U.S., which is a big market, it looks like it's going to be down a little bit. Europe's up a little bit, but still not great. And so kind of if you start with they're not seeing a big change in the macro. But then you really have to look at it industry by industry because each industry has factors. So for example, in the energy industries, they're super focused on how much investment they have to do and the change – and the shift in climate change and renewables. So there's a big appetite for major investment. So there's no catalyst that says, oh, like I've got a ton of thought. They've got a lot of big investments, right? If you look at consumer goods, where a lot of the consumer goods companies are not able to get pricing. They've got to get up volume, which means they've got to drive down their -- they've got to improve their efficiency and their manufacturing costs, and that takes big investments because manufacturing. Our latest research says like two-thirds of the journey in digitization is still to come. And so those are big investments. And so I can kind of take you through industry by industry. The reality is, it's obviously good growth for us is the digitization journey is still very early in many, many industries, that's like public service is another great example. So they've got big transformations going. And at the end of the day, if you're a big enterprise, like, the deals that are smaller, right, they do not move the needle. And when you've got big investments, that's where they're focused because they see now the potential of things like GenAI, and everyone's like we got to get going, that's really what's driving it. So that's why we're not having a bunch of discussions about like I can't wait to unlock that spending. Our discussions are entirely on help us move faster with our bigger information. That's really what we're focused on.
Jim Schneider: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then maybe as a follow-on, you referenced several verticals there. Can you maybe, as you prospectively look into fiscal '25, call out maybe one or two verticals where you expect the most improvement and maybe one or two where you see potential risk of deterioration? Thank you.
Angie Park: Yeah. Hey, Jim. Nice to talk to you. I think that as we look across FY '25 in our overall guide of 3% to 6%. We see broad-based growth across -- it's really broad-based across all of our industries as well as our services and markets.
Jim Schneider: Great. Thank you.
Katie O’Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then we’ll wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. On GenAI, can you give us a sense of the size of some of the largest individual programs have reached? And then as it relates to internal productivity progress, may be comment on any of the service lines where you're seeing the earliest impacts as it relates to productivity or any metrics that you can share in more advance programs?
Julie Sweet: Sure. I don't want to start like giving tons of data on this. But like you went from deals that were -- in GenAI that were, on average, kind of sub-$1 million, right, that you've now got some that are above $10 million, right? So that's still the smaller end because you're sort of moving into production and scale. But you're starting to see these things move from POCs to larger bookings. And then with respect to internal productivity and our guidance, of course, takes into account what we're seeing. As I've been talking about is that the first area that we anticipate -- remember, we're trying to embrace GenAI fastest because we think it's a big differentiator with our clients. And so in our managed services is where we're seeing the most because that's where we have a platform. So you all remember we used to talk about myWizard. Now we talk about GenWizard, right? But what we're seeing is that the technology and the productivity is like similar ways before. So if you go back to 2015, 2016, when we first introduced myWizard, right? So it's not really different than the kinds of productivity that we've been experiencing. And here, of course, there's an added wrinkle in that GenAI, in order for us to use it with our clients, they have to allow us to use it and they have to prioritize. And they have a lot of other areas where they want to use GenAI that's not necessarily in their technology productivity where they're already many of our clients are using our platforms, they're using AI, etc. So there's a lot of factors that kind of go into the pace of how quickly we can use it even if we're ready to use it now in many places. So hopefully, that's helpful because it is a little bit different in that sense because our clients have to prioritize where they want to use GenAI, too.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then I appreciate your commentary on the capital returns on the balance sheet and understanding this has overall been a tougher environment, while M&A outlay has been on the upper end. But just curious how we should be thinking about the potential magnitude of leverage in the model going forward? Just any guardrails we should consider?
Angie Park: Yeah. And a couple of things that I would say around that. We indicated that it's going to be modest. We'll maintain our strong credit ratings and net leverage will be low. And so -- and included in our guidance that we provided you, we have also allowed for the potential for the interest expense and in our overall guidance, which is in addition to the variability that we may see in operating margin throughout the year.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. Before I wrap up, I want to thank KC, who's been an amazing partner and friend these last five years. They've been quite some five years, as we all know, just a few things in the environment that we've gotten together work with. And so I'm really excited for KC and her next chapter. And KC, would you like to say a few words?
Katie O'Conor: I would, thanks, Julie. I just want to offer my sincere thanks to the investor and analyst community for the decade plus of console and support. It's really meant a lot to me. It's really been appreciated. Thanks a lot, and best wishes to all of you.
Julie Sweet: So I want to thank everyone for joining us and thank all of our people for what you do every day, allowing us to create 360 degree value and giving us a lot of confidence in our success in FY ‘25. And thanks again, KC, and welcome Angie to your new role, and we’ll see you all in the next quarter.
Angie Park: Thank you.
Operator: This conference will be available for replay beginning at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time today and running through mid-night on December 18. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 9225580. International callers may dial (402) 970-0847. Those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 or (402) 970-0847 with the access code of 9225580. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-06-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Katie O'Conor. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2024 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short-time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2024. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release, or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining. And thank you to our 750,000 people around the world who work every day to deliver 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. Before we get into the quarter, I want to thank KC, who's been an excellent partner for these last five years, and our three other extraordinary leaders who are stepping down in the next two quarters, Jean-Marc, Ellyn, and Paul. Each have given over 36 years of service and demonstrated strong stewardship in developing outstanding successors, including Angie, who you all know from her former role as Head of Investor Relations, who will succeed KC on December 1. As always, we are executing a smooth leadership transition to the next generation with our strong bench of great leaders. Now, on to the quarter. I am pleased this quarter to bring to life yet again the resilience and agility of our business, as our actions to remain laser-focused on our clients' needs and quickly adapt to market conditions can be seen in our results, which are building a foundation for stronger growth as we go into Q4 and next fiscal year. As you know, this fiscal year, our client spending developed differently than we expected at the beginning of the fiscal year. And these conditions continue, with clients prioritizing large-scale transformations, which convert to revenue more slowly, while limiting discretionary spending, particularly in smaller projects, with delays in decision-making and a slower pace of spending as well. In response, we have moved quickly to adjust by leveraging our unique strengths, our end-to-end services, including deep industry and functional expertise that enable these large-scale transformations or what we call reinventions. We're also leveraging our deep technology expertise and ecosystem partnerships and our learning machine and culture that gives us the agility to shift to new areas of demand, including, for example, GenAI while continuing to invest at scale for future growth. Here is how these strengths and our strategy are demonstrating results three quarters into the fiscal year. With our clients prioritizing large-scale transformations, we have accelerated our strategy to be the reinvention partner of our clients. Our success is reflected in our bookings of $21.1 billion, including another 23 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, bringing the total of such clients with these bookings to 92 year-to-date, seven more than last year at this time. This focus on being the reinvention partner is an important part of our strategy to return to stronger growth. As we enter next year, as this work ramps, the revenue from these large-scale bookings is expected to continue to layer in throughout the year, and we are also well-positioned to capture increases in discretionary spend when it comes back because of the strategic positioning these deals bring at our clients. We also have leaned into the new area of growth, GenAI, which is comprised of smaller projects as our clients primarily are in experimentation mode, and this quarter we hit two important milestones. With over $900 million in new GenAI bookings this quarter, we now have $2 billion in GenAI sales year-to-date, and we have also achieved $500 million in revenue year-to-date. This compares to approximately $300 million in sales and roughly $100 million in revenue from GenAI in FY 2023. Leading in GenAI positions us to help our clients take the actions needed to reinvent and to benefit from GenAI, which frequently means large-scale transformations. We are also taking an early lead with an eye toward long-term leadership in this critical technology, which is still in the early stages of maturity and adoption, despite its rapid evolution. We have built our expertise in making strategic acquisitions over the last decade, leveraging a strong balance sheet, and we have used this expertise to expand into new growth areas, scale in hot areas and geographies, and continue to build strength in our industry and functional consulting. We deployed $2.3 billion of capital across our geographic markets in Q3 across 12 acquisitions, bringing the total number of acquisitions to 35 with invested capital of $5.2 billion year-to-date as compared to $2.5 billion for the entire FY 2023. As a learning organization and talent creator, we continue to invest in our people with approximately 13 million training hours this quarter. This averages 19 hours per person, representing an increase predominantly due to GenAI as we continue to prepare our workforce for the infusion of GenAI across our business in the coming years. We also continue to steadily increase our data and AI workforce, reaching approximately 55,000 skilled data and AI practitioners against our goal of doubling our data and AI workforce from 40,000 to 80,000 by the end of FY 2026. We continue to take market share on a rolling four-quarter basis against our basket of our closest global publicly traded competitors, which is how we calculate market share, with revenues of $16.5 billion for the quarter, up 1.4% in local currency and slightly above the midpoint of our FX adjusted range. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 10 basis points and delivered free cash flow of $3 billion. I want to congratulate our 97,000 people we have promoted around the world through June 1, including 702 to Managing Director and 64 to Senior Managing Director, reflecting our commitment to providing vibrant career paths. We are recognized as a Top 10 Place to Work in 10 countries, representing more than 70% of our people, number two in Argentina, Brazil, and the Philippines, number four in Singapore, number five in Costa Rica, Finland, and Indonesia, number seven in the US, and number 10 in Chile on the Great Place to Work list of Best Workplaces and number two on Business Today's Best Companies to Work For in India. And in recognition of our strong brand, we are proud to earn the number 20 position on Kantar BrandZ's prestigious Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list, our highest rank to date, with an 11% increase in brand value to $81.9 billion. Our scale across strategy, consulting, technology, and operations, and our breadth and depth across industries and functions make us uniquely capable of helping our clients reinvent using technology, data, AI, and new ways of working. Before turning to KC, I want to give a little more color on our acquisitions this quarter, which yet again demonstrate the strategic importance of both our ability to invest, and our expertise in identifying, attracting, and integrating great companies joining Accenture. Let's start with new areas of growth. We completed our acquisition of Udacity to scale our technology learning and training services and to help our clients reskill and upskill their people. Udacity is a critical part of our LearnVantage digital learning platform, which we announced last quarter as a new area of growth for the future. Building on our expertise in customer-focused consulting, we invested to help drive our clients' growth agendas. We acquired Unlimited, an award-winning customer engagement agency with a deep understanding of human behavior as evidenced by its proprietary human understanding lab and AI-powered data insights platform. We acquired The Lumery in Australia, a marketing technology consultancy that helps leading organizations deliver seamless customer experiences and transform their marketing services. It provides industry and platform consulting services, including marketing, advisory, and planning, implementation across entire technology stacks, operational excellence, and simplification. We closed our acquisition of GemSeek in Bulgaria, a leading customer experience analytics provider helping global businesses understand customers through insights, analytics, and AI-powered predictive models. And we closed MindCurv, a global digital -- a cloud-native digital [indiscernible] experience and data analytics company specializing in composable software, digital engineering, and commerce services. Now, let's turn to scaling and hot industries. We acquired Cognosante, a provider of innovative technology solutions for US federal health, defense, intelligence, and civilian agencies. With this acquisition, federal services is creating a new federal health portfolio for its business. We invested in Customer Management IT and SirfinPA, which will provide the public sector with technology, support, and justice and public safety in Italy. We see public service and, in particular, health, intelligence, and defense as highly strategic industry focus areas globally for the next several years. And we invested in Teamexpat, focusing on testing integration for lithography systems in the semiconductor industry, another attractive industry segment. Our investment in Flo Group, a leading European consultancy and Oracle business partner, who specializes in global supply chain logistics is helping us scale in supply chain, also a major growth area. Finally, we're scaling in attractive geographic markets. We acquired CLIMB, a technology-based consultancy based in Japan, where we continue to experience very strong revenue growth. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. And thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our Q3 results, which were in line with our expectations and reflect continued investment at scale. We continue to serve as a trusted partner for our clients, while running our business with rigor and discipline. Now, let me summarize a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 1.4% local currency with mid-single digit growth or higher in seven of our 13 industries, including public service, industrial, high-tech, life sciences, energy, utilities, and health. We also continue to see improvement in our CMT industry group. And we continue to take smart share. As a reminder, we assess market growth against our investable basket, which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public competitors, which represents about a third of our addressable market. We use a consistent methodology to compare our financial results to theirs, adjusted to exclude the impact of significant acquisitions to the date of their last publicly available results on a rolling four-quarter basis. Adjusted operating margin was 16.4%, an increase of 10 basis points over Q3 last year, and includes continued significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3 billion and returned $2.2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Year-to-date, we've invested $5.2 billion across 35 acquisitions. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $21.1 billion for the quarter, representing 22% growth in US dollars and 26% growth in local currency, with an overall book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $9.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Managed services bookings were $11.8 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.5. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $16.5 billion, a 1% decline in US dollars and a 1.4% increase in local currency, and slightly above the midpoint of our FX adjusted guidance range, as the FX headwind was approximately 2% compared to the 1% headwind estimated at the beginning of the quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.5 billion, a decline of 3% in US dollars and a decline of 1% in local currency. Managed services revenues were $8 billion, up 2% US dollars and up 4% local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services and strategy and consulting grew low single digits and operations was flat. Turning to our geographic markets, in North America, revenue grew 1% local currency, led by growth in public service, partially offset by decline in banking and capital markets. In EMEA, revenues declined 2% local currency with growth in public service, offset by declines in banking and capital markets and communications and media. Revenue growth in Italy was offset by a decline in France. In growth markets, revenue grew 8% local currency, led by growth in banking and capital markets and industrial. Revenue growth was driven by Argentina and Japan, partially offset by a decline in Australia. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 33.4%, consistent with the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.6%, compared to 10.5% for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.3%, compared to 6.5% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want you to note that in Q3 of FY 2024 and FY 2023, we recorded $77 million and $347 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, respectively. These costs decreased operating margin by 40 basis points and EPS by $0.08 this quarter and operating margin by 210 basis points and EPS by $0.42 in Q3 of last year. In Q3 of last year, we also recognized a gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.38. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.7 billion in the third quarter, reflecting an adjusted operating margin of 16.4%, an increase of 10 basis points from adjusted operating margin in the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.5%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 24% for the third quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.13, compared with adjusted diluted EPS of $3.19 in the third quarter last year. Days sales outstanding was 43 days, compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $124 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $5.5 billion, compared with $9 billion at August 31. With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 4.3 million shares for $1.4 billion, an average price of $320.41 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately 3.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share for a total of $811 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share to be paid on August 15, a 15% increase over last year. In closing, we feel good about our results in Q3 and are now working hard to deliver Q4. We remain focused on capturing growth opportunities while continuing to invest in our business for long-term market leadership. Now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing more of the same in terms of the demand environment. Now let me give a little context on how we're executing our strategy to be the reinvention partner of choice and why we're uniquely positioned to be helping our clients on AI. It is important to remember that while there is a near universal recognition now of the importance of AI, which is at the heart of reinvention, the ability to use GenAI at scale varies widely with clients on a continuum. With those which have strong digital cores genuinely seeking to move more quickly, while most clients are coming to the realization of the investments needed to truly implement AI across the enterprise, starting with a strong digital core from migrating applications and data to the cloud, building a new cognitive layer, implementing modern ERP and applications across the enterprise to a strong security layer. And nearly all clients are finding it difficult to scale GenAI projects because the AI technology is a small part of what is needed. To reinvent using technology, data, and AI, you must also change your processes and ways of working, rescale and upscale your people, and build new capabilities around responsible AI, all with a deep understanding of industry, function, and technology to unlock the value. And many clients need to first find more efficiencies to enable scaled investment in their digital cores and all these capabilities, particularly in data foundations. In short, GenAI is acting as a catalyst for companies to more aggressively go after cost, build the digital core, and truly change the ways they work, which creates significant opportunity for us. And this is why clients are coming to us. We are able to help our clients with this AI rotation because of our broad services across strategy and consulting technology and operations, as well as everything customer through Song and digital manufacturing and engineering through Industry X and our relevance across the functions of the enterprises and 13 industries. Our privileged position in the technology ecosystem has never been more important. We are working closely with our ecosystem partners to help our clients understand the right data and AI backbone that is needed and how to achieve tangible business value. Now let me give you a few examples of the complex work of reinvention and building a digital core. We are partnering with Currys, a leading European technology retailer to unlock new growth and cost savings by accelerating its adoption of new technologies. First, we will move their operations from a legacy data center to a new cloud platform using pre-built and customized solutions to create a powerful digital core. This unified data foundation allows us to deploy automation and generative AI in key growth areas, such as repair centers, customer service, e-commerce, procurement, and in-store experiences, delivering faster, more efficient services to their customers. The move to a new platform supports the company's sustainability goals, reducing energy consumption by transitioning to a more efficient cloud infrastructure. Now, Currys' employees will be empowered to serve their customers better by offering high-touch experiences, both online and in-stores. We're working with Independence Health Group, IHG, a leading health organization headquartered in Southeastern Pennsylvania on a transformation journey to modernize end-to-end operations, improving the way they serve current and future generations of customers. We will help migrate nearly 2 million members to a new digital-first platform, expected to drive immediate improvements in existing business processes. This will lay the foundation to leverage advanced technology and generative AI to proactively manage members' health. We are also helping reskill and retrain their operations staff, creating opportunities for employee development. With this reinvention, Independence continues its ongoing efforts to increase service quality, improve experiences, and enable better health outcomes, positioning them for new areas of growth in the rapidly changing healthcare landscape. Digital core work also requires deep industry expertise as we work with our clients to design the right tech, data, and AI to reinvent their enterprise and their industry. We are helping Macy's, an iconic American retailer with a technology modernization effort. As a strategic technology execution partner, we will migrate their mainframe systems to a cloud platform, a move that will enhance their operational efficiency and scalability. This will allow Macy's to be more agile and enable growth. We are helping the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the regulatory body responsible for the country's banking and insurance sector with a digital transformation to strengthen the financial system's stability and contribute to growth, innovation, and diversification in the sector, in line with the UAE's national vision. Our program will deliver advanced analytics along with AI-driven automation to improve supervisory capabilities and streamline activities for licensed financial institutions by creating best-in-class processes to support regulatory compliance. We will also modernize the bank's enterprise data management by implementing a single unified portal to provide a holistic view of the financial services ecosystem, all of which will enhance the UAE's position as a global financial center. We are partnering with Virgin Media O2, a leading carrier services provider in the UK to support regional businesses to realize the promise of 5G, opening new revenue streams and stimulating growth in the telco market. We will bring to market solutions built on our edge orchestration platform, which combines edge computing, data AI, GenAI, and embedded security. This will enable use cases such as quality inspections, safe workplace management, and behavior monitoring to improve operations and customer experience. Whether it's enabling safe communication on building sites, creating a fan experience while handling crowds and busy venues, or supporting vital devices and clinician workflow in healthcare, Virgin Media O2 can now offer businesses a range of flexible, secure, and affordable solutions that boost efficiency, growth, and performance. And with our managed services and customer operations, we can work together with Virgin Media O2 to scale this growth. Security is a critical part of reinvention in the digital core. We saw continued very strong double-digit growth in our security business this quarter. We are partnering with the US Navy to enhance its cybersecurity operations with cutting-edge capabilities that will strengthen its data security posture and support mission readiness. More than ever, data and information are critically important to national security. Our solution sets are configured to provide defensive cyber operations across Navy networks to help safeguard digital assets and mission operations. Together, we will help ensure the US Navy can combat evolving cyber threats, protect our sailors at sea, and defend American interests around the world. Once clients have a strong foundation, they can explore new opportunities to drive growth and efficiencies with GenAI. We are helping a leading global food and beverage company who already built a strong digital core as part of its reinvention journey to now leverage the power of generative AI to create new value. Together, we developed a digital shelf console pilot, a GenAI engine that accelerates content creation for e-commerce and optimizes it to drive sales. The engine empowers marketers to audit and customize content at scale, expected to reduce time to deliver one year's worth of content to just eight working days and save costs of up to 80% quickly and effectively. Once they scale, this enables the company to produce more targeted content with significant time and cost efficiency, increase sales, and transform customer experiences. We have partnered with National Australia Bank, one of the country's largest financial institutions to strategically implement and scale generative AI to create material value at speed, enhance relationship-driven customer service, and drive operational efficiencies. We worked on a methodical build of a secure and robust GenAI platform built within the bank's existing strategic data platform with the creation of 200 generative AI use cases in backlog. To date, over 20 use cases have been tested across the bank with eight of these enterprise-grade pilots underway and a number of those scaling and already delivering value. We also co-created a methodology for delivering GenAI projects from experiments to scalable deployment, ensuring each stage delivers tangible business benefits. While doing so, National Australia Bank and Accenture are putting safety at the core of the approach through responsible AI and risk policies alongside developing in-house AI expertise and literacy. One of the areas of richest opportunities for our clients is customer experience transformation, which uses the unique capabilities of Song across creative customer insights and deep technology expertise. Song grew mid-single digits this quarter. We are helping Saudia Airlines, the national flag carrier of Saudi Arabia, to launch an innovative digital platform to transform the travelers experience. Powered by GenAI, the platform will provide a one-stop solution enabling customers to seamlessly plan their journeys, book flights, and modify their trips in just a few words, all while providing a personalized and conversational experience. The platform is continuously evolving and will integrate more services over time. This modernization will support Saudia Airlines' vision of redefining the standards of travel in a digital world. We continue to see strong demand for digital manufacturing and engineering services. Industry X grew high single digits in Q3. We are supporting a large Asia-Pacific automobile manufacturer on their reinvention towards software-defined vehicles. We will help accelerate software development and create a software center of excellence to optimize quality, cost pressures, and delivery times. This center of excellence will manage four key workstreams, advanced driver assistance systems, in-vehicle infotainment, electrical and electronics, and powertrain. By leveraging our expertise and strategic partnerships, we are empowering them to strengthen and evolve its in-vehicle software, providing advanced functions and services throughout the vehicle's lifecycle. This enables the company to drive innovation, enhance driver and passenger experiences, and realize the full potential of software-defined vehicles. And we will continue to leverage all of our strengths to manage the current macro conditions and constrained spending while investing in leadership for the future. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now turning to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.05 billion to $16.65 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and reflects an estimated 2% to 6% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2024, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be negative 0.7 compared to fiscal 2023. For the full fiscal 2024, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% of growth in local currency over fiscal 2023, which assumes an inorganic contribution approaching 3%. We continue to expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal 2024 GAAP operating margin by 70 basis points and EPS by $0.56. For adjusted operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2024 to be 15.5%, a 10 basis point expansion of fiscal 2023 results. We now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal 2023. We now expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal 2024 to be in the range of $11.85 to $12, or 2% to 3% growth over fiscal 2023 results. For the full fiscal 2024, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you so much, and congrats to KC and Angie. I'm excited for both of you guys. I just wanted to ask upfront, just for Julie, maybe you mentioned stronger growth next year. Hoping you can just elaborate on that at a high level. I know there's a lot of moving pieces. On one hand, you have a big backlog, a lot of large deals. You have strong inorganic growth, but on the other hand, the sector is struggling with this weak discretionary spend, and there's uncertainty with global elections in the second half of the year. So just -- I know you can't give formal guidance until next year. I know consensus is at, what, 6%? Can you just give us maybe just some high-level considerations that are worth underlining as we're recasting our outlook for next year? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure, and thanks for the question, Tien-tsin. So, let's just anchor on our strategy for growth and what you're seeing in three quarters into the year, because obviously, expectations at the beginning of this year were different in terms of how things develop with spending. So, what did we do? We leaned into what do clients need, and they need these reinventions, they need these big, large-scale transformations. And so, what you've seen us to do is, like, you've got to go with what the clients need, and that's what they're buying. And so, we have accelerated our leaning into these large transformation deals, which is why you see that we have seven more than last year at this time of clients with bookings of over $100 million. Now, these convert to revenue more slowly, but as we're accelerating, you'll know that they ramp up and they will start to layer in. And we are very uniquely positioned in this market to be able to do these large-scale transformations because they require the combination of services, everything from the ability to help them move faster through our managed services, our industry expertise. Everyone wants to do that with the eye towards GenAI, so even though the transformations are often in preparation for GenAI, they want to work with the partner who really understands GenAI, and so how do we get there faster. And so, as you think about the reinvention strategy, that's a strategy we've been executing for a couple of years, and we uniquely can lean in, and that -- you're seeing the results of that this quarter with the acceleration of -- compared to last year, of clients with that level of bookings and those, of course, then ramp next year. The second is, our leaning into where we are seeing growth in smaller deals because remember that discretionary spending is constrained, overall spending constrained, and particularly in smaller projects. But what did we do, right? We see GenAI as the new growth. We have an incredible ability to pivot our people. You can see the specialists in data and AI growing. We started at 40,000, we're at 55,000 now against our goal of 80,000 by the end of 2026. We're also training our people. You saw that big increase, because we're preparing our people. You're now doing a transformation. It may not be GenAI, but you have to understand GenAI. And so, we're uniquely able to train our people at scale to understand GenAI. And how is that translating? We'll look at our bookings this quarter now getting to $2 billion, three quarters into the year as compared to $300 million last year and $500 million in revenue. So starting to be meaningful, right? In terms of the numbers, we were at $100 million for all of last year. So we expect to continue to lean into GenAI. And what it's doing is very interesting from where we were, say, three quarters ago. It's acting as the catalyst to understand what you have to do. So I'll finish here and then I'll just, of course, mention our ability to invest in inorganic. But right now from a perspective of like the pull through, we're still reprioritizing. But every other GenAI project now is leading to some data project, because people are understanding, hey, this is a great technology and I'm not ready. So we feel really good about being very well positioned as spending increases, when it does increase because of what we're doing. And then finally, remember we invest in acquisitions to drive organic growth. Like that is -- so it's all about future growth. And I gave a lot in the script today to just help bring to life just how strategic our ability to invest is as we think about future growth. So not trying to comment at all on FY 2025. We'll call it like we see it. But we also want to be clear that our strategy is working and these deals will ramp up.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe I'll just add, Tien-tsin, just how we feel just within this fiscal year. So, we're very pleased with where we landed in Q3. When you look to Q4, we do have, and you see that in our growth rate, a clear uptick in our growth rate for the fourth quarter. And I think importantly included in that is the expectation that our consulting type of work in Q4, Tien-tsin, will return to growth and that we haven't had growth in consulting type of work since Q2 of last year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good. No, thank you both for that. I'll be less wordy with my follow-up. Just on the inorganic piece, can this pace continue?
KC McClure: I'll let Julie talk about -- add on here. But in terms of our -- let's talk about capital allocation. And we've always said this, we have the ability, and I think it's a differentiator of ours, to be able to invest and approach the market as whenever we see something that we want to execute. And that remains unchanged. And we've been able -- and you've seen us do that over all the different business cycles. And importantly, when we do that, we're able to continue all parts of our capital allocation in terms of share buybacks and dividends as well. So, from a financial standpoint, we have a very strong balance sheet. We have the ability to continue to flex up and down as we see fit from a capital allocation standpoint, Tien-tsin.
Julie Sweet: Yes, Tien-tsin, and I think we'll make the decision as we go into next year as to what level we want to drive for next year. So, I think we'll comment next quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang: That's perfect. I know you've been able to amplify the growth of what you bought. So, that's why I asked. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks so much. One thing I noticed, debt was up to $1.6 billion or so. Sequentially, it was the highest. Really, in 20 years, you've almost had no debt, and you have a lot of cash. So, I guess, what's the strategy around borrowing money now? And maybe it's just geographic cash positions, too.
KC McClure: Yes. No, that's a great question. So, in terms of our cash, you said that we started the year at $9 billion, and now we're little bit -- we are about $5.5 billion. And we do have some debt. It's very small, as you mentioned, for a company of our size. We do have a -- we had a credit facility that we put in right during the pandemic, and we continue to have a credit facility. It's about $5.5 billion. It's a five-year credit facility and what you just see, Dave, is that we're just exercising some of that credit facility, kind of normal treasury operation.
Dave Koning: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, margins this year up at the lower end of kind of normal and certainly scale, just the growth this year being a little slower, maybe the acquisitions. And just as we kind of look forward, the margin puts and takes, how should we think that with acquisition spending maybe a little higher, does the next few quarters remain kind of putting a little pressure on margins or how should we think of just the moving parts of margins going forward?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So I'll just obviously keep my comments to this year, to 2024, but -- and maybe I'll just point out where we are and what we are continuing to assume. So we stated last quarter that we'd be at 10 basis points of operating margin expansion and we reconfirmed that, Dave, for the full year, again this quarter, and we feel confident in our ability to do that. So if you look at -- we run our business to operating margin. If you look at gross margin and overall what we've been saying on pricing and just importantly, when we talk about pricing, we mean the margin on the work that we sell. What I think is really important for us is that, we've been able to operate our business with rigor and discipline in how we run ourselves in an operation -- in efficient operations of Accenture and be our own best credential as we absorb kind of higher selling costs, which you would expect. We're looking at our record $60 billion of bookings and also the continued pressure and pricing that we've had across the business. So with that, we feel really good. And if you look at it, we grew 1% in quarter one. As an example, we were able to do 20 basis points of margin expansion. We grew 1% this quarter, and we were able to do 10 basis points of margin expansion. So we feel good about the way we run our business with rigor and discipline.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks and nice bookings.
KC McClure: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning and congrats, KC. A great run at Accenture. You were awesome. So, I want to ask on managed services on the bookings, the $11.8 billion, that was an outsized number. How much of that is new bookings versus renewals? And maybe give us some flavor on what caused that spike in growth.
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I will give you the -- I'll talk a little bit about the numbers. In terms of, it is a record bookings for managed services. As Julie's -- and as we've been talking, it is obviously based on the larger transformational deals that we're doing. Well, those larger transformational deals, just to be clear, Bryan, they do have both consulting and outsourcing -- excuse me, managed services type of work with them. They do have, as you would expect, a larger portion of managed services type of work. So when you see what we were able to do this year, we're already at 92, seven more than last year. And we did have a very strong managed services bookings, as you noted, in Q3. We don't really do a breakout in terms of extensions or new, but there's always -- we always have a healthy mix, I would say, of both. That's what we strive to over rolling four quarters in our business always and no difference there.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And just maybe a little color, Bryan. As you think about this idea of reinvention, Virgin Media O2 was a great example, because there, right, we have a combination using our Edge platform to provide -- help O2 provides -- Virgin Media O2 to provide these new services. And at the same time, we're supporting it with our customer operations, supporting their growth so that they can scale. And right now, clients, of course, they're looking for growth, they're also looking for transformation and efficiency. The other thing I'd say is, this is a great example of how we're embracing GenAI. You've heard us talk in the past about our myWizard platform, which helps in our managed services. We now -- that's become Gen Wizard and we're seeing that our embracing -- early embracing of using Gen AI where it's ready to be used has been a real differentiator in our technology managed services. So, we're very focused on helping our client, who move faster using our expertise and leverage our digital investments in order for them to transform and reinvent faster and you're seeing that focus.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And just a follow-up, just looking at some of the dimensions breakout, when I look at operations being flat, just any call-outs for that. I know it was negative last quarter, so it's turned a little bit here, but just trying to understand the growth there and the prospects. Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Yes, no, it's -- we're really pleased that it's, that ticked up this quarter and it's a very strategic part of our business. Think about it really is like sort of two-ways, right? So we remain number-one in our industry in finance and accounting and we're embracing again GenAI there to help differentiate our platform. And so, there's a focus that we're seeing in our clients as they're saying, okay, we need to -- we really understand how much more we need to digitize and we need to do that in the enterprise, they're excited about our ability over-time. Again, it's very early days still in Gen AI over-time to help build our -- we're building our SynOps platform, we're building in GenAI and that helps them have less to build-in in their enterprise side by partnering with us. And so that's -- we think a really great differentiator. And then we continue to diversify into areas that are in the core of our business, whether -- core of our industries for our clients, whether it's claims and underwriting and insurance, or supply-chain for consumer goods and industrial or core banking in the financial services. So we feel really good about the business and kind of continue -- and its continued prospects.
Bryan Keane: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey guys, and very best wishes to KC as well. Julie, you mentioned that the demand environment is sort of more of the same. At the same time, it appears you've seen some growth mending in certain key areas. I'm particularly interested in the growth improvement in the CMT vertical and in strategy and consulting. Can you talk about what's enabling those growth improvements and a sense of the outlooks for CMT and S&C? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: So, really want to compliment our entire team on the work that they're doing with our clients in CMT. So, as we've been talking about that for now for a little while and we start to see things like the Virgin Media O2 deal. So our teams are working with our clients on what do they need. And they're focused on getting rid of technology debt, because that's critical in order to use some of these new technologies. They're focused on using the new technologies. So we have a number of clients that -- while it's still small, are working on GenAI. And then being very focused on efficiencies. And then finally network. So, really across the board what I would say is the industry was challenged. We have been just focused on going to where they need help and you're seeing that result in our results. And then on strategy and consulting, again, it's all about being focused on what do our clients need. And so, we've pivoted many more people, for example, toward cost and strategy. So cost takeout is a big theme, and particularly for our strategy. We are seeing a lot of growth still in things like implementing modern ERP platforms with the focus on the digital core. And again, at Accenture, it's not just technology, right? It's about we're the number one player with all of these technology ecosystem players, but our clients want to do it faster. They need the industry expertise. And so, you saw a number of examples in the script about how we're putting in these platforms and we're doing so within an industry context. And so, I'd say cost takeout and move the cloud data platforms wrapped around with industry and functional expertise, that's where we're seeing the growth. And we just continue to remain laser focused on more people, more focus, working with the clients on what they need to buy.
Rod Bourgeois: Great. Thanks for that. And you're seeing revenue mix incrementally shift into managed services, and I'm curious if you think some of that mix shift towards managed services is due to secular forces, or are you purely seeing that mix shift as just a cyclical phenomenon?
KC McClure: Yes, I think, it's -- in terms of what the real driver is, it's the larger deals that have a little bit of both in those -- both components of a sector and cyclical and what you're talking about. So it really is just based on the larger deal.
Julie Sweet: So just think about Accenture is very uniquely positioned in this market. Clients are prioritizing large scale transformations. And doing those and getting the efficiencies and moving faster, managed services is a highly strategic component of being able to do that. And this is where Accenture, with such scale in both strategy, in both consulting type of work with managed services is really able to lean into what are clients buying now.
Rod Bourgeois: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Good morning and congrats KC and the other leaders on the retirements and appointments. First question I wanted to ask on the consulting existing revenue-base performance, can you just talk about how base business runoff kind of progressed within the minus 1% local currency performance? I heard your comment on the 4Q consulting or just returning to growth. I'm trying to understand if that's a reflection of sustainable stabilization potentially and really gauge whether you're reaching a point where the new consulting bookings conversion should more than offset the existing base runoff moving ahead.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So, Brian, in terms of what we'll give -- what we'll talk about is really is what I just mentioned on Q4. I guess -- and I understand what you mean by a base runoff. We don't really think of it that way. We kind of look at it as maybe our terms will be whether we have booked and backlog and what are we already -- and what's new coming in from these sales. And so, I get -- so just kind of going with those two points, the way we evaluate and we talk about it, Brian, is from a year-over-year basis, looking at both the components of what we've already sold for the next quarter and then what we see in our pipeline and how we see those sales will convert to revenue, that's how we kind of assess what we think that we will be overall. And again, very pleased that consulting -- we do feel that and see that it will return to growth. And I think it's a milestone that we haven't had in a number of quarters, so we'll pleased with that. And we'll comment on anything else for next year, next year, I mean in September.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then bookings, obviously, very solid here. Can you just comment on pipeline and any bookings expectations worth calling out for 4Q?
Julie Sweet: Yes. Overall, we feel good about our pipeline. And we don't put -- we don't give guidance to next quarter bookings. But we feel good.
Bryan Bergin: Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on the acquisition activity. It's obviously been really robust, providing a lot of good opportunities. Can you give us any sense collectively across the acquisitions you've been doing and maybe what you are looking at in terms of what the growth rates of those businesses are generally or collectively when you do the acquisitions? And I know there's a target to accelerate those, how the growth rates tend to change as those companies are absorbed into [index center] (ph), even if directionally.
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean, I think in terms of -- make sure I'm answering your question is, when we look at overall at our acquisitions, they all come with -- they're typically higher growth business cases that we have from the companies that we buy and we have a base case that comes with the organization and we assess that growth rate. And then we obviously put in pretty significant synergy cases that are -- without going through kind of metrics that are a pretty high bar for those acquisitions to deliver to, along with a broader center. And that's why integration is so important in what we do, because we're not just having a great business case, that is maybe half of what you need to do, but the key really is in how you integrate to deliver to that, and we have a very strong track record. And so, what you'll see is, you could just maybe get the sense to your question, is look at how many we've done over the last five years and you can see how we've been able to continue to grow our business throughout that time. And it is really continuing to fill our organic growth.
James Faucette: Got it. And then quickly, one of the areas where you've leaned in on and was mentioned in the prepared remarks is the government and healthcare sector, really strong growth there obviously. How should we be thinking about that as a long-term or medium-term potential grower in that segment and any -- and how are you thinking about the investment needed to continue to drive that? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Thanks. We feel really good about that vertical. Obviously there's a lot of transformation that's going on in public service. You see health is a big driver, defense is a big driver. There's a lot of infrastructure support, whether it's IRA in the U.S. or what the EU has been doing as well. And of course, a lot of the digital transformation hasn't happened in the public service and health, And so, we see that now being the time and you're seeing that in the results. So we feel very confident and we think about the investment like we do all our industries. I mean, remember, we have 13 industry groups. We have -- the diversification is a key part of both our resilience and our growth strategy. And so, at any given time, we're investing differently depending on the growth trajectory. And as we called out this quarter, we've been investing significantly in public service, because we see the next several years this being a big growth area and we're making those investments now.
Katie O'Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi. Many thanks. And first, Casey and Paul, special congratulations as you make the transition. I wanted to ask a question, and I'll just make it concurrently in the interest of time. And Julie, I think I'll direct this to you. Number one, on BPO, one of your competitors just talked pretty openly about pricing's been under pretty material duress as of late, and I wondered if you would echo that? And I'm really curious as to why. Why do you think pricing has been under duress? And how do you think about impacting future growth? And then the second area that I wanted to ask about is, Song. Thank you for the comment on mid-single digit growth. And I'm really interested how you think GenAI will impact over your digital agency over the next 12 to 24 months. And the reason I ask the question is, we also spend a lot of time with companies like Adobe that have significant -- generative AI is going to have a significant impact on digital agencies. And some of the agencies are talking about seat reductions because of the value associated with generative AI. And I'm just wondering if you could comment on how you think generative AI will impact the growth potential of Song. And that's it for me. Many thanks.
Julie Sweet: Great. KC, why don't you quickly cut pricing, and then I'll do Song.
KC McClure: Keith, I would say just in terms of pricing, and we've been commenting on this for quite some time. You are correct in that, we've had overall in our entire business continued pricing pressure. So, I mean, that's the way I would reflect on that statement -- on your question [indiscernible].
Julie Sweet: Yes, it's overall is a tight market, So that's what you normally see. On Song, here's where we are so unique, because our business is not an agency business, right? The agencies are part of an incredibly differentiated value proposition where you have creative and technology and digital and by the way managed services. And so, we see this as a huge opportunity because we are embracing it as fast as possible to help our clients get value, but we put it together with all of these other services. So we were happy to see the uptick in growth this quarter with Song and long term where we really think it's great. And remember, this is our playbook, right? We embrace technology. We've done it in every wave. We've done it when we did managed services. Remember in 2015, we had SynOps and myWizard. Our business is to help our clients be more efficient and grow. That is what we do. And we use technology in how we deliver it. And we help them use technology and how they operate. And so, we see GenAI as yet another way that we're going to embrace it. We're going to be fast. And we're going to do what we do for clients. And that is a very exciting opportunity, so we feel really good about our Song business. Great. So, thanks everyone for the questions and the time today. In closing I want to again, as always, thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support, and all of our people for what you're doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks so much for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-03-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for standing by, welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Katie O'Conor. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2024 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short-time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC, will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2024, we will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and everyone joining, and thank you to our 742,000 people around the world who work every day to deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. I'm pleased with our performance in an uncertain macro. Our results highlight the benefit of the deep trust our clients have in us, our capabilities to do the most complex work at the heart of their businesses, the privileged position we hold within the ecosystem and our ability to invest for the next waves of growth. We continue to see momentum in the quarter and how we are executing on our strategy to be the trusted reinvention partner of our clients, with a record 39 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million. These large transformational wins position us to capture more growth as spending increases. We also had over $600 million in new GenAI bookings taking us to $1.1 billion in GenAI sales in the first-half of the fiscal year, expanding our early lead in GenAI, which is core to our clients reinvention. We now have over 53,000 skilled data and AI practitioners against our goal of doubling our data and AI workforce from 40,000 to 80,000 by the end of fiscal year 2026. We are laser-focused on the needs of our clients and this focus is reflected in our bookings of $21.6 billion, representing our second highest quarter on record. This included $10 billion of bookings in North America, our highest ever. We continue to take market-share with revenues of $15.8 billion for the quarter, flat compared to last year and slightly above the midpoint of our range. As we turn the page on the calendar year, we saw another turn of the dial unconstraining spending by our clients, including spending on our services, particularly in parts of EMEA and North America. This was evident in the composition of our new bookings, which came in differently than expected. We see clients continuing to prioritize investing in large-scale transformations which convert to revenue more slowly, while further limiting discretionary spending particularly in smaller projects. We also saw continued delays in decision-making and a slower pace of spending. We are pleased that despite these conditions our focused efforts to return to growth resulted in North America and CMT, showing improvement over last quarter. We are running our business with rigor and discipline and we remain on-track with the business optimization actions we announced last year to reduce structural costs to create greater resilience. We delivered adjusted EPS growth of 3%, we continue to invest significantly in our business to drive additional growth in highly strategic areas with $2.1 billion of capital deployed across our geographic markets in Q2 in 11 acquisitions, bringing the total investment in acquisitions to $2.9 billion in H1 across a total of 23 acquisitions. We also continue to invest in learning for our people with approximately $10 million -- 10 million training hours in the quarter, representing an average of 14 hours per person. In recognition of the 360 degree value we create, we are proud that we earned the number one position in our industry for the 11th year in a row and number 33 overall in Fortune’s list of the World's Most Admired Companies. We ranked number one in our industry and number three overall on the JUST Capital CNBC list of America's Most Just Companies. And we have been recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the 17th year in a row. An important part of our growth strategy is to use our strong balance sheet to invest in order to scale higher-growth areas and expand into new growth areas. We have a strong track-record of delivering on this strategy. Here are some highlights from the quarter. In North America, we invested in supply-chain, an area with significant reinvention ahead with the additions of inside sourcing in [indiscernible] and on-process technology. We acquired Navisite site to help clients across multiple cloud providers enterprise applications and digital technologies, modernize their digital core, and in Song, we acquired Work & Co to help our clients drive growth by designing and bringing digital brand strategies to market and operationalizing world-class digital products at scale. In EMEA, we are investing to help clients build their digital core and drive growth. In the UK, we invested in 6point6, which will help our clients transform their digital capabilities and modernize their legacy systems. We also acquired in the UK, Redkite with its full stack data expertise that will help our clients accelerate their performance with data driven intelligence and AI. And in Germany we added Vocatus, which will accelerate our clients' growth strategies using behavioral economics modeling to develop pricing strategy and sales concepts for B2B and B2C models. Similarly, in good markets our acquisitions position us to drive our clients' growth agendas by expanding our capabilities in marketing and customer experience with Rabbit's Tale in Thailand and [GIC] (ph) in Singapore, helping clients in Indonesia, capitalize on their fast-growing digital economy. Our ability to invest to fuel our organic growth is a competitive advantage and as our clients continue to transform, we announced earlier this month that we will invest $1 billion over the next three years in Accenture LearnVantage, which will provide comprehensive technology learning and training services to help our clients re-skill and upskill their people. Our investment includes the acquisition of Udacity, a digital education pioneer, which we expect to close by the summer. Once closed, we will have revenue in the zone of $100 million annually. These services are highly strategic and they enhance our position as a reinvention parts are of choice, because talent is at the top of the agenda for CEOs. For example, we are helping Merck, a global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada launching groundbreaking Generative AI training program for their employees to create world class digital leaders. As a renowned thought leader in the biopharmaceutical market, Merck has long-lead the way in investing in its people and helping them build the skills and expertise needed to develop breakthrough therapies. Digital, data, analytics and AI play a pivotal role in discovering, developing, manufacturing, and providing access for patients to medicines and vaccines. By once again investing in its people, Mark will be able to continue delivering on its promise to use the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around the world. Over to you KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. And thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were pleased with our overall results in the second quarter with our second highest quarter of new bookings. We continue to invest at scale to strengthen our leadership position, while delivering value for our shareholders. Now let me summarize a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenues were flat in local currency, with mid-single digit growth or higher in six of our 13 industries, including public service, life science, utilities, energy, health and high-tech. While our CMT industry group improved this quarter, we continue to see pressure as expected. And we continue to take market share. As a reminder, we assessed market growth against our investable basket which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public competitors, which represents about a third of our addressable market and we use a consistent methodology to compare our financial results to theirs. Adjusted to exclude the impact of significant acquisitions. Through the date of their last publicly available results on a rolling four quarter basis. Adjusted operating margin of 13.7% decreased 10 basis points, compared to Q2 last year and year-to-date operating margin is flat. This includes continued significant investments in our people and in our business. We delivered adjusted EPS in the quarter of $2.77, reflecting 3% growth over adjusted EPS last year. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2 billion and returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. In the first half of the year, we've invested $2.9 billion in acquisitions across 23 transactions. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $21.6 billion for the quarter, representing a 2% decline in both US dollar and local currency, with an overall book-to-bill of 1.4. Consulting bookings were $10.5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Managed services bookings were $11.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.4. Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $15.8 billion, flat in both US dollars and in local currency, and we're slightly above the midpoint of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8 billion, a decline of 3% in both US dollars and local-currency. Managed service revenues were $7.8 billion, up 3% in both US dollars and local-currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services grew low-single digits and operations and strategy and consulting declined low-single digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North-America revenue was flat in local currency with growth in public service, offset by declines in banking, capital markets, software and platforms and communications and media. In EMEA, revenues declined 2% in local currency with growth in public service, offset by declines in communications and media and banking capital markets. Revenue growth in Italy was offset by declines in the United Kingdom, France and Ireland. In growth markets, revenue grew 6% in local currency, led by growth in banking, capital markets, industrial, public service and chemicals and natural resources. Revenue growth was driven by Japan and Argentina, partially offset by declines in Australia and Brazil. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 30.9% compared with 30.6% for the same-period last year. So marketing expense for the quarter was 10.3% compared to 9.9% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.9% compared to 6.8% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q2 of FY 2024 and FY 2023, we recorded $150 million and $244 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions respectively. These costs decreased operating margin by 70 basis-points and EPS by $0.14 this quarter and operating margin by 150 basis-points and EPS by $0.30 in Q2 of last year. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.2 billion in the second quarter, reflecting an adjusted operating margin of 13.7%, a decrease of 10 basis-points from adjusted operating margin in the second quarter of last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.8% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 20.4% for the second quarter last year. Adjusted diluting earnings per share were $2.77 compared with adjusted diluted EPS of $2.69 in the second quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 43 days compared to 49 days last quarter and 42 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $110 million. Our cash balance at February 29th was $5.1 billion compared with $9 billion at August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3.8 million shares for $1.3 billion at an average price of $352.35 per share. As of February 29th, we had approximately $4.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share for a total of $813 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share to be paid on May 15th, a 15% increase over last year. In closing, we remain laser focused on capturing growth opportunities in the market and delivering value for our clients. As you know and expect of us, we will operate with rigor and discipline, while continuing to invest for long-term market leadership. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Let me give a little more color on the demand environment, all strategies continue to lead to technology and reinvention. Our clients are navigating an uncertain macro-environment due to economic, geopolitical and industry-specific conditions. And in response, we are seeing them thoughtfully prioritize larger transformations, building out their digital core to partnering, to improve productivity, to free-up more investment capacity to focus on growth and other initiatives with near-term ROI. Our focus on being at the center of our client's business doing their most complex transformational work provides us with resilience see overtime, as demonstrated by the fact that our top 100 clients have been clients for over 10 years. There is now near universal recognition of the importance of AI, which is the heart of reinvention. The ability to use AI at scale, however, varies widely with clients on a continuum with those which have strong digital cores generally seeking to move more quickly, while most clients are coming to grips with the investments needed to truly implement AI across the enterprise and nearly all are finding it difficult to scale, because the AI technology is a small part of what is needed. To reinvent using technology, data and AI you must have the right digital core, change your processes and ways of working, reskill and upskill your people and build new capabilities around responsible AI. All with a deep understanding of industry and function in order to unlock the value. And many clients need to first find more efficiency to enable scaled investment in all these capabilities, particularly in their data foundations. We are able to help our clients with this AI rotation because of our broad services across strategy and consulting, technology and operations as well as everything customer through Song and digital manufacturing and engineering through Industry X. And our relevance across the functions of the enterprises in 13 industries. Our privileged position in the technology ecosystem has perhaps never been more important. Generative AI is rapidly evolving and still in the early stages of maturity and adoption. And we are working closely with our ecosystem partners to help our clients understand the right data and AI backbone that is needed and how to achieve tangible business value. I will now bring to life the complex work we are doing at the heart of our clients' businesses. Building on the back of a long trusted partnership, we are working with Mondelez International, a world-leader in snacking with well-known brands like Oreo, belVita and Cadbury. To continue to drive growth and be an industry-leader. Having laid the foundations of a strong shared services modeled model powered by leading technology platforms and data and AI foundation we are now working on an ambitious reinvention of their digital core. We will design and implement a single cloud-based platform. We'll also modernizing the finance function and transforming their supply-chain planning and warehouse management capabilities. This will enable faster availability of products for customers to have more sales growth and maximum profitability. This new digital core will also allow Mondelez to further reinvent how they satisfy customers through the adoption of new technologies like Generative AI. Cloud continues to be the foundation of the digital core. Our cloud business grew high-single digit this quarter as clients do work across the cloud continuum from migration to modernization, to new business models to working at the intelligent edge. For example, we're helping Riyadh Air, a digitally native airline based in Saudi Arabia, become the world's first fully cloud-based airline. We will equip the brand-new airline with a cloud-only infrastructure enhanced cyber security and AI driven operations. Our capabilities will ensure that Riyadh Air’s digital core is future-proof and remains legacy free, enabling the airline to use cutting-edge technologies such as cloud, data and AI to scale quickly and deliver a seamless and more personalized travel experience for its customers and employees. This will also help the company to scale as it plans to operate over 100 destinations by 2030. We are partnering with Belden, a global networking solution organization on a cloud transformation program that will help them become a platform business. Unlocking the power of edge, data and AI to drive new business opportunities and enhance the customer experience. This platform will be powered by edge to cloud technology, allowing them to collect and analyze real-time data from industrial environments and improve operational efficiencies. This will provide valuable data driven insights to Belden and to their clients in industries where real-time insights are crucial. This reinvention will enable them to break-down operational technology silos, allowing them to become a key player in the digital twin domain. We will also help enable this new service in the market, this strategic partnership will support Belden's reinvention from a product company into a data engineering and insights company that leverages the power of platforms. We are focused on helping our clients, leverage the power of AI quickly, generating tangible business value, leveraging our investment in differentiated tools that accelerate results. Our AI Navigator has helped clients across industries outline their value case, AI architecture and AI solutions and our recently-announced AI switchboard is already helping clients with the complex new need for integration across LLM models. For example, one of the largest [indiscernible] companies is currently testing the switchboard to compare how the same prompt would be interpreted by different models and how they perform before deciding on which model to use. Ultimately an enterprise-wide AI rotation requires a strong data foundation, we are working with Telstra, Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company on a radical simplification and modernization of its data ecosystem, accelerating its efforts to become AI powered. We are modernizing and consulting over 50 disparate enterprise data sources into a small integrated set forming Telstra's governed and secure data and AI core, allowing Telstra to rapidly scale bespoke Generative AI capabilities in the future. Our work will also support the company's efforts to develop responsible ethic and secure market leading AI frameworks, while helping their teams provide quicker, more effective and more personalized customer interactions. One of the areas of riches opportunities for our clients is customer experience transformation, including with Generative AI, which uses the unique capabilities of Song across creative customer insights and deep technology expertise. Song grew low-single digits this quarter, we continue to help clients reimagine marketing to drive growth. We're helping ExxonMobil, an energy super major transform and optimize its end-to-end fuels marketing operations to drive future growth. With our global capabilities, our managed services will leverage our SynOps platform to drive automation and deliver measurable efficiencies across the fuels marketing business. We are strengthening our partnership with Best Buy, a leading consumer electronics retailer across multiple fronts to reimagine the customer experience, optimize costs and drive growth. By leveraging data and Generative AI, we are helping to transform their contact center operations and improve customer and employee experience. We are also pleased to have entered into an agreement with Best Buy for lifecycle management of our own Accenture devices in North America and our creating a joint offering end-to-end field service advice support for clients. We have already applied this new offering to a major TV provider, marking our first entry into this new market. These strategic initiatives underscore our commitment to helping Best Buy, achieve superior customer experiences, operational efficiencies and growth. Security is essential to reinvention, moving beyond IT to protecting the core assets of the business and evolving the critical role of security as technologies change. We saw very strong double-digit growth in our security business this quarter. We are working with one of the largest electric utility holding companies in the United States to integrate their operational technology into a seamless unified cyber security solution. Together, we will enhance our security capabilities by implementing advanced monitoring and response, vulnerability management and security automation. This will help reduce the risk of secure of cyber events in their grid environment protecting critical infrastructure serving tens of millions of people. We continue to see strong demand for digital manufacturing and engineering services. Industry X grew double-digits in Q2. We're working with Indo Count Industries Limited, a global leader in the home textile space on digital transformation to simplify operations, support its ambitious growth plans and maximize e-commerce opportunities. We will build a cloud-enabled digital core, powered by data and analytics that will help standardize, digitize and automate processes and operations. From supply chain to logistics to manufacturing, the new platform will enable more efficient inventory management, quality standardization optimal energy consumption and better customer experiences. Together we will reinvent their operations and help expand our business in India, Middle-East and North America, the UK and Europe. And we continue our support for corporate green transformation by promoting carbon footprint compliance to the calculation and visualization of greenhouse gas emissions. To create a market where consumers can choose environmentally conscious products and services [indiscernible] visualize the carbon footprint of each product is necessary. For example we're assisting, Matsumoto Precision, a precision machine parts processing company based in Japan to gain more detailed insight into the sustainability of their projection and achieve their decarbonization goal. We implemented a solution through our manufacturing platform that uses individual manufacturing performance information to record and report the CO2 emission on a per product basis. This will allow Matsumoto Precision to enhance understanding of the environmental impact of their business and contribute more effectively to the realization of a decarbonized society. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.25 billion to $16.85 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 1% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023 and reflects an estimated negative 1% to 3% positive growth in local-currency. For the full fiscal year 2024, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be about flat compared to fiscal 2023. For the full fiscal 2024, we now expect revenue to be in the range of 1% to 3% growth in local-currency over fiscal 2023, which assumes an inorganic contribution approaching 3%. We continue to expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal 2024 GAAP operating margin by 70 basis-points and EPS by $0.56. For adjusted operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2024 to be 15.5%, a 10 basis point expansion over fiscal 2023 results. We now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal 2023. We now expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal 2024 to be in the range of $11.97 to $12.20 or 3% to 5% growth over fiscal 2023 results. For the full fiscal 2024, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.9 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And one moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi. Thank you. Good morning to all of you. Julie, just a big picture, maybe two simple of a question, but just curious to get your thoughts on where we are in the cycle for IT services spend, because we've been doing sector softness for quite some time now, Accenture has done well, you have very large deal activity come through, short-term cycle stuff is always little pressured as you said, where are we in terms of seeing maybe things bottoming or short-cycle discretionary spend returning?
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean, Tien-Tsin, I think it's hard to predict at this point anything other than what we see right now. Right? So what's different than 90 days ago. Well, as we said in December, we really get visibility into our clients' budgets in January, we say that every year, right? And so, as the calendar year, we turn the page, what we saw was a further tightening of spending at our clients. Particularly [indiscernible] our services and particularly on the smaller projects. So from that sort of trend perspective, 90 days ago we didn't see the same level. Now you kind of turn the dial a little bit more constraints and that's where we see the budgets being set for calendar year 2024, right? And as you said though, in this environment we're taking market share and we're seeing building momentum on our strategy to be the reinvention partner with a record 39 clients with bookings over $100 million. So what does that tell you, right? So, the clients understand the importance of the technology-led transformation. And the fundamentals remain the same. There is a lot more reinvention ahead. We're still -- when you look at where is cloud, both migration and modernization, we say about 80% of the opportunities ahead. Data and AI, but 90% of the opportunities ahead. Re platforming in cloud-based platforms. About 65% of that opportunity ahead, based on who has actually adopted that more modern platforms and security. Well, I think security can be kind of forever ahead, but at least 65% ahead. And that's before you get to thinking about areas like digital manufacturing, engineering services, where that technology has only been coming online, even in the last couple of years sort of the modern technology. And of course, customer also extraordinarily early days. So, where we really focused on is meeting clients where they are today. So that prioritize the large transformational deals and then be positioned to capture the spending when it increases. And we see the sort of the industry has been very strong, because all clients have to get there. They need to get to the technology transformation. They need to get the reinvention and that's why you're seeing -- even as the constraints you're seeing that early interest in GenAI. I mean, $1 billion sales in the first-six months of the year, that is the fastest we have ever built sales in an emerging technology. And what it tells you is that, clients understand the importance of AI that they're going to have to reinvent every part of the enterprise and that's exactly where everything we've done for the last decades at Accenture. Being the company that can go from strategy to build, to operations, deepen industry and functional expertise, because the strategy and consulting all comes together for this moment to be the partner for reinvention across the enterprise, not just to build the technology, but to use it to reinvent and that's exactly what you see in these results, which is why I'm super confident about the industry and the future.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. No, I'm confident that Accenture will be there to catch-all that like you said, but maybe as my follow-up with the GenAI bookings any trends on deal size. And in confidence that, that some of these early bookings will convert to become a part of this whole large $100 million plus deal activity across more pull-through from GenAI, that question makes sense.
Julie Sweet: So couple of things. What you see in our resilience is that, we are doing these bookings over $100 million and that's what kind of layers that. That just gives you that base rate of resilience during this period. As we said, we're seeing further constraint on the smaller projects. That's why you've got the updated guidance, right? But the pace of these larger deals, we feel really good about from a resilience perspective. And then, you know how this straight, you're at the client, you are at the heart of their business, you're really doing the strategic work that's what all these large deals represent. And then as spending increases you catch the pent-up demand and that's kind of how we see it and that's how we've run it in the past. And by the way, of course, as you know, we're really investing inorganically to capture more growth which you also start to see. Particularly at the back-end of our fiscal year. Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning. KC, if Accenture does 1% constant currency in the third quarter, that's kind of the midpoint of the range. I guess the implied midpoint for 4Q is a ramp-up to 6% constant currency. What kind of visibility do you have going into a number of the midpoint like that in the fourth quarter?
KC McClure: Yes. Hi, Bryan. Thanks for your question. And you're right, you're obviously your math is correct, that that would be what our guidance would say. In terms of visibility, look, it's really no different than what we have anytime in the past in this part of the year for our full-year guidance. Obviously, we are not forecasting that the whole year we just have the back-half of the year, there's no difference in visibility as it relates to what we've done in any other time of the year -- any other year at this time. And we do our same at analysis and outlook to provide you with our guidance of the 1% to 3%.
Bryan Keane: Got it, got it. And then, Julie. Just thinking about the clients need to update their data in order to leverage AI and scale. Why isn't that translating into stronger demand in the business, you would think that everybody would turn-around and spend considerably on short-term to get that ramp-up in order to get AI to leverage it, but it doesn't quite translate. I'm just trying to figure out the disconnect there?
Julie Sweet: Yes, so there is two things. So first of all, it's about prioritization. Right? So their overall constrained on spending. So, you make choices as opposed to it being additive. So they are not able to allocate extra budget, they're prioritizing their budget. So you're seeing more of a substitution right now as opposed to, hey, we need to do this, let's add to the budget and that's tied to the uncertain macro, that's putting people constraint. I had one banker say, if the corporates have put themselves on a diet, given the macro. Right? The second thing, Bryan is, you have to remember that you can't just jump to the great data foundation. You need to be in the cloud. You've got to have modern platforms. And so what you should read into the higher clients -- the clients during these higher bookings rate is that, they're doing the big transformations oftentimes to be ready to put in the data foundation, right? There's only still 40% of workloads are in the cloud. 20% of those roughly haven't been modernized. Many of our clients haven't put in the platform, if you don't have the major ERP platforms that are modern, you don't create a data foundation to fuel GenAI in isolation. So you've got to build the digital core. And as we've said, there's a lot more to go. And that's what's driving these larger complex transformations like, people will not like to do these big transformations in a sense of the other big, they're hard, they're complicated and they need to do them in order to ultimately be able to use the AI, not just in a part of the business or as a proof-of-concept, but really to transform and get the value they now see and so it's -- again, you can't jump to AI, you've got to put all the pieces, and a lot of clients aren't there yet. Which is our opportunity.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thank you for taking the questions.
KC McClure: Thanks, Bryan.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go-ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to follow-up on the questions around, particularly AI, etcetera. I recognize like everybody is kind of at different stages. How should we think about: first, the timeline in terms of preparing and getting ready to implement news solutions, etcetera, and then moving into the full implementation? And how we should think about that affecting Accenture’s business? And like you mentioned, you've talked about some record bookings or the number of new customers over $100 million, like how that will ramp-in the timeframe?
Julie Sweet: Yes, so maybe just -- let me just start with like the strategy around capturing the growth opportunity from GenAI. So, this is the same playbook that we have used in every wave of new technology evolution. When we went from mainframe to client-server then to cloud and Software as a Service and then to RPA and AI driven automation when you saw things like myWizard and SynOps. We have the same strategy, the strategy starts with, we want to be the first-mover to help our clients use the technology. And that's why what we're doing with our investments of $3 billion to create solutions for them and you see that coming through with our sales in Generative AI, which, as I've said on earlier, are the fastest we've ever seen in sort of these new technologies where there's a lot of interest and we're the leader. So we want to be the first-mover in helping our clients use it. The second part of our strategy is to be the first-mover in using the technology itself to serve our clients. And we did that would like the digital, with AI automation, with all of our platforms. And with that said, it's a proven formula, because if we invest big to be early and be the first-mover, then we're positioned to capture all the opportunity in our -- with our clients, because they need to adapt it and transform. And as I just went through, that requires a lot the digital core, then you've got to actually use it to change new ways of working to upskill your talent and build new capabilities like responsible AI. When we are able to be the first-mover, which we are already starting now to use GenAI and how we deliver, that enhances our competitive position. It makes us more differentiated and, of course, it also then allows our clients overtime the more we use the GenAI to achieve the results they need at a lower cost, which frees up their investment capacity to do the massive reinvention. And of course, we are in the best positioned to be their partner as they reinvest in using the tech and AI to [Technical Difficulty] lot of the digital core that's got to-be-built, you can't jump that step. It's not a magic technology. But then as you build it, you then have to go function by function to change the ways you work to actually get the productivity and the growth. So we really see this as being kind of the next decade of what our clients are going to be focused on and we are positioning ourselves to be their partner and be the first-mover in both places.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe I'll take the layering in question on the larger deals and talk a little bit about how that's going to work for the back-half of the year as it relates to guidance. So we have the larger deals that were terrific in our second quarter and our whole first-half of the year. But you're right, they do layer-in slower than the smaller deals and we see pressure in the volume of our smaller deals. And that's why we have the 1% to 3% guidance for the full-year. Now we do feel-good about delivering to this guidance and what that means for H2, and that really is for a few reasons that we've talked about before, but let me just kind of reiterate. The first is that, our competitive advantage is that we have the ability to invest. You saw us do that in H1 and Julie talked about that, with investing more in acquisitions this year, in the first half than we did all of last year. And that's really important because that drives inorganic growth. But again, we do that really to fuel organic growth, but we see that coming online in the back half of the year. The second thing is that, we have done these larger transformation deals, but also the ones from the previous years. And we see that continuing to benefit us as it relates to revenue as they will layer on in the back half of the year. And that really just speaks to the resilience of our strategy, both in terms of being what Julie has talked about, being where our clients need us and our inorganic strategy to continue to benefit to pivot to scale in new areas of growth. And so, that's how that all comes together in terms of revenue conversion from those larger deals and when they come online, James. And maybe I'll just also add, what that means from a type of work for the entire year. What we now see from the context of the 1% to 3% is, our consulting type of work will be about flattish. And we see our managed services growing to about mid-single digit growth for the year.
James Faucette: Great. Thanks for the color to both of you. And then quickly KC, just in terms of that investment. How do we think about like how that affects the margin expansion. I mean typically one, you're doing acquisitions, there a little bit of time before you can start to get people to the same type of trajectory as Accenture on margin expansion, but just trying to get a sense of how we should think about that impacting as well?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks for that. Well, first of all, I'm just -- I just want to put out that I'm really pleased with our profitability in the first half of the year and the outlook for profitability for the full year. Our margin is flat, but we have EPS growth for the first half of the year, profit growth of 5%. And that really just points to the rigor and discipline that we continue to operate our business in. But really importantly, as Julie talked about, all the investments we're making in our business and our people continue. So as you look at the back-half of the year, we now see the 10 basis points expansion is where we see it. Again, very important, continue to have high levels of investment in our people and our business. And EPS, we see for the whole year at about 3% to 5%. One thing I will point out just to help all of you. We did benefit from the first-half of the year in our EPS with higher non-operating income, which makes lot of sense on interest income, on our higher cash balance. In the first-half, you see our cash went from 9% to 5%. So great cash, we can -- no concerns will continue with our capital allocation strategy, but just as you model in the back half of the year, you'll see that not surprisingly with lower cash flow will have lower interest income. So just as you're working through your EPS for the first-half and second-half, that's something that you might want to consider.
James Faucette: Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So Julie, I'm curious just based on your conversations with leaders, what might be the catalyst here to have clients release spending programs and kind of lean back into shorter cycle work. As economic data generally holds up, are we just in a slower for longer backdrop or just kind of hoping that you can share some color on how you're thinking about a recovery internally and what enterprises really are watching and waiting for?
Julie Sweet: Look, I think there's going to be a couple dynamics, right? Remember they just set budgets. So we're kind of assuming there are the budgets for their calendar year and we see in general, most of this constraint is tied to the uncertain macro. So those are the kind of things. They set budgets and they've got uncertain macro.
KC McClure: Yes. And just a reminder that everything that we're talking about in terms of giving guidance. I know all of you know this, but just as a reminder, our fiscal year-ends on August. Right? So there -- it's a little bit over halfway through the calendar year.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, okay, that makes sense. And then as it relates to GenAI, just kind of a revolutionary versus evolutionary kind of questioning here. Just given how much work needs to be done for most clients to really do anything with large language models, how do we interpret that as a driver of your growth? So meaning, does GenAI enabled you to potentially drive a higher-level of growth when spending does become more normal or should we think about this more as a next tech wave that enable comparable levels of normalized growth just because of how long this might all take for large enterprises to get there?
Julie Sweet: Yes, what I'd say is, this is this is more about -- like we think of this as like prior technology waves. Right? Each one has been a little bit faster in terms of that, but especially when you look at kind of where our clients are on the continuum of building out that digital core, there is a lot to go and you really need that to fully realize it. So we see this is more like our prior kind of the way these things have evolved in the past. Right now, that's what we see.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go-ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey guys. Thanks so much. I guess my question, are you seeing your clients probably having much lower attrition, just like every company has low employee attrition, right now. Are you seeing them take their own employees, their own IT employees and just do more internally right now? And is that a little bit of just the demand issue right now?
Julie Sweet: We certainly are seeing -- obviously, our clients have invested in more technology internally at our advice. Right? We've said to them during the pandemic with technology being so important, they should be building up their technologies. So there is clients, they've got a lot of clients, not all of it, because it really depends on your positioning to some of our clients, that's really not the differentiator. So they want a smaller IT and they've got others who built it up and it really depends on where they are. But sure, I mean, we certainly got clients doing more -- doing more in-house as part of it and we've got other clients outsourcing more. So like, it's really all over the map, because it's very company specific as to what makes sense for their strategy.
Dave Koning: Yes. Okay, thanks. And just one quick follow-up for KC. The tax rate, clearly you lowered guidance just on the tax-rate itself. Is that something one-off to this year or is that something now that just seems more normalized?
KC McClure: Yes. So, there's really four things that every year are the same, that really influence our tax rate. And just really is how those things come together. There are geographic mix of income, any settlements from previous years, any increase that we need to do on prior year tax liabilities, and lastly, the impact of our equity on our tax rate. So these four things really are confluences the same every year, depending on how they fall. That's going to influence where we land on our tax rate. And so, we -- this year we saw them favorably in aggregate. So we're able to keep our 2 point range, but drop by 1%.
Dave Koning: Okay. Well, thank you guys.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go-ahead.
Jamie Friedman: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I have a really big picture question. I'm curious, Julie, how you feel about Accenture’s role in the broader context of technology like software and cloud? And I realize in your prior very thoughtful answer about technology architectures. That was a great structure as was your innovation session back on February 16th. But it does seem like other parts of tech are doing better than services. So I'm just interested in your perspective on services in the context of broader tech spending?
Julie Sweet: No, absolutely. It's a great question. Services are where you can dial back more easily than when you're signing-up for licenses for technology that you need. So you'd imagine and just what we're seeing that, when you are constraining overall spending, your discretionary spending, you go to like service providers where you're saying, I can pause for that. I can wait for that. And at the same time you've got in other parts of it, like with software where you've got to fix things you really need to invest in and you've got different licenses. So it's really not different than other cycles. Services have a bigger opportunity to say, it's a little more discretionary, let's wait. Even if I bought the licenses, I'm going to wait to actually incur the costs, because a lot of times the cost of the services can be significantly higher than the software licenses, because you've got all the change that you've got to do and all that around. So again, we don't see anything sort of different than when you've got an uncertain macro you look around for your discretionary spending and you cut that. And that's why, of course, you're seeing still the big transformations happening because it's not discretionary and they really got to re-platform in that. So it's like nothing mysterious about is kind of what I consider kind of normal in this kind of a macro.
KC McClure: That's right. An. I think just as a reminder, even with all that we still have the record spend with us with $40 billion of bookings for the first half of the year.
Jamie Friedman: Yes, those are great things. All right, I'll jump back. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you, Julie. Thanks KC.
Katie O'Conor: Operator we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap-up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Julie. Hi, KC.
Julie Sweet: Hi, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Going back to -- Hey. Going back to the question of bookings, are clients actually visiting existing bookings ones that they sign maybe last year and at times prior, relooking at them using the lens of applying sort of rapidly evolving GenAI capabilities. To what extent is that happening and then that kind of implies, obviously -- can we can reuse those past bookings and backlog as an indicator of future growth and how soon that can layer-in?
Julie Sweet: Yes. I'll take that. Just maybe more just the financial kind of mechanical part of it. We have not seen a change in us working the work that's already been contracted, what we would call our backlog and what we talked about was really spending on new sales, new services and their smaller projects and that's the dynamic that we have factored into our guidance for the year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then the other question was on LearnVantage and Udacity, I thought that was a particularly interesting deal. If you could walk us through maybe the mechanics of that deal? And every company is investing in talent care, there seems to be a bit different approach maybe. Can you just talk about the rationale, the downstream impact and so on?
Julie Sweet: Sure, thank you. Because it's -- I'm super passionate about what we're doing with LearnVantage, because it is so critical for our clients. Talent is the number one agenda item for CEOs. The number one. And when you think about what reinvention means, the clients have to do and AI rotation and they have to do a talent rotation. And what LearnVantage does is, it first and foremost provides the ability for everything from the Board to the C-Suite to business users, to the technologists to get the technology training they need to make the right decisions on AI, for example. To be able to become deeper in the new technologies. And so it really goes from the Board to the technologist. And with Udacity what we're able to provide is essentially the same approach Accenture uses, right? So, we spent over $1 billion ourselves. You saw our latest average 14 hours per employee. And we have -- we use learning science to learn and do. Most of our clients are unable to do that. The big differentiator for us in the market here is that, we Accenture know when you train someone we have to then put them on a job, and they have to get paid to do something, so they are work ready. So we're bringing that expertise now at scale to our clients. And what Udacity does is the same thing, they use exports mentors, they have a real project work that they then coach people on. So it's that same sort of approach of learn and do, but our companies -- our clients don't have all the work that we do, so Udacity has created this ability. And so -- and it's coupled then with Accenture's deep understanding of what it takes to train and be work ready. So we're really excited about it. Our clients are excited about it, they've been coming to us. We've been doing this learning and this enables us now to do it at scale. And again, we want to be the reinvention partner. So the more that we can fill all of the needs of our clients around that, the better position that we will be. So we see LearnVantage is highly, highly strategic. And by the way, it also has, we have a managed service today to actually manage the learning services that companies are now doing internally, which we also expect to -- we're investing and expect to grow. So, very excited. And then finally, [indiscernible] responsibility is our -- as corporates to bring our people along the journey. And so when people worry about things like AI in displacement, we feel that our ability to bring like who then upskilling expertise to help our clients be able to bring their people is really, really important. It's important for our communities. It's important to their Board’s and we also consider it really important because it's the right thing to do.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it.
Julie Sweet: Great. So thanks, everyone. In closing. I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support all of our people for what you do every day. To assure you that we are working every day to continue to earn that trust. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-12-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you all for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2024 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter; Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2024; we will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and everyone joining, and thanks to our 743,000 people around the world for their incredible dedication and commitment every day, which is how we are able to consistently deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. I am pleased that we delivered on our commitments this quarter, while continuing to invest significantly in strategic areas to drive the next waves of growth, including extending our early leadership in generative AI, and we did so against a macro backdrop that continues to be challenging. Starting with our financial results. Our bookings were $18.4 billion, representing 12% growth in local currency. We had 30 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million in the quarter and over half were in North America, representing the trust our clients have in us to be at the center of their major programs, spending and ongoing reinvention. We delivered revenues of $16.2 billion for the quarter, at the top-end of our FX adjusted range, representing growth -- 1% growth in local currency. We continue to take market share. As expected, we continue to see lower discretionary spend, which particularly impacts our consulting type of work as well as slower decision making and our CMT industry group continues to be challenged. We remain on track with the business optimization actions we announced in March to reduce structural costs to create greater resilience. And finally, we expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 6%, while continuing to invest in our business and our people. Turning now to our investments. We closed 12 acquisitions this quarter for a total of $788 million in strategic areas across our geographic markets. In North America, we are continuing to build out our new growth area of capital projects, an $88 billion addressable market in North America, which we entered in August with the acquisition of Anser Advisory. In Q1, we added Comtech, a consulting and program management company for infrastructure projects in Canada. We also invested in the next digital frontier with our supply chain acquisition of The Shelby Group. We expanded our cloud capabilities with the acquisitions of Ocelot Consulting and Incapsulate. And we invested in digital marketing in the healthcare industry with the acquisition of ConcentricLife. In EMEA, we expanded our cybersecurity capabilities with the acquisition of Innotec in Spain, enhanced our business process services in the insurance industry with the acquisition of ON Service GROUP in Germany, and invested in digital healthcare and talent with the acquisitions of Nautilus Consulting and The Storytellers in the UK. Finally, in Growth Markets, we are focused on the cloud opportunity with the acquisition of Solnet in New Zealand, along with cybersecurity with the acquisition of MNEMO in Mexico, and on digital marketing services with the Song acquisition of SIGNAL in Japan. Our ability to invest at scale to fuel our organic growth is a competitive advantage. For example, in EMEA, we are focusing on pivoting our CMT business. We are investing with Vodafone to create a strategic partnership to commercialize its market-leading shared services operations and unlock new sources of growth and efficiency, enhance speed to market and new customer opportunities for their operating companies and partner markets. Together, we plan to create a new data and AI-driven shared services model and a scaled, commercially-driven and more efficient organization with higher-quality services and enhanced speed to market for its portfolio of offerings. The new unit will utilize Accenture's world-class technology, transformation and managed services such as its digital solutions and platforms and deep AI expertise. It will also tap into our well-known learning capabilities to continuously create new skilling and career paths for our -- for its people. This move speaks to Vodafone's ambition to work in new ways, reduce structural complexity, reinvent their company and the industry. And of course, we continue to invest in learning for our people with approximately 8 million training hours in the quarter, representing an average of 12 hours per person. Turning to generative AI, our growth and investments. We continue to take an early leadership position in GenAI, which will be an important part of the reinvention of our clients in the next decade. Last quarter, we shared that we had sold approximately 300 projects with $300 million in sales in all of FY '23. Demand continued to accelerate in Q1 with over $450 million in GenAI sales. As you know, we are investing $3 billion in AI over three years. For many of our clients, 2023 was a year of generative AI experimentation. We are now focusing on helping our clients in 2024 realize value at scale. We are excited about the recent launch of our specialized services to help companies customize and manage foundation models. We're seeing that the true value of generative AI is to deliver on personalization and business relevance. This is driven by context and accuracy, data readiness along with foundation model choices and customization are some of the most important steps and decisions that companies will make in the next year as they pursue value. Our clients are going to use an array of models to achieve their business objectives. Our proprietary switchboard allows a user to select the combination of models to address business context or factors like cost or accuracy. And we will offer rigorous training and certification programs to organizations using these new services to customize and scale GenAI solutions and transform every link in their value chain. We are also investing in AI acquisitions. For example, we recently announced our intent to acquire Ammagamma, an Italy-based firm that helps companies advance their uses of AI and generative AI technologies. With this acquisition, we will add 90 experienced AI professionals, many specializing in generative AI along with the expertise that includes engineering, mathematics, economics, historians, philosophers and designers, who will join our growing network of professionals in our advanced center for AI. And we are progressing towards our goal of doubling our deeply skilled data and AI practitioners from 40,000 to 80,000, with an additional 5,000 practitioners as of Q1. Finally, a few additional highlights of the 360 degree value that we created this quarter. We recently achieved our highest brand value and rank to date on Interbrand's prestigious Best Global Brands list, increasing to $21.3 billion and ranking number 30. We jumped from number 17 to number 10 on the 2023 World's Best Workplaces list by Fortune and Great Place to Work. This recognition is particularly noteworthy, because it is based on feedback from our people. We were recognized for the seventh year in a row on the Wall Street Journal list of Best-Managed Companies for excellence in customer satisfaction, employee engagement and development, innovation, social responsibility, and financial strength. And we also received the top score for social responsibility and are among the top 10 for customer satisfaction. We continue to lead in our ability to attract people with different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived experiences. Our success is reflected in the top score on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index in the U.S. for the 16th consecutive year for leading equitable workplace policies, practices and benefits for LGBTQ+ people. And today, we are proud to present an update to our 360-degree value reporting experience, which is available on our website, because we believe that transparency builds trust and helps us all make more progress. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our Q1 results, which were in-line with our expectations and include continued investments at scale to strengthen our position as a leader in the market. Once again, our results illustrate our ability to manage our business with rigor and discipline and deliver value for our shareholders. So, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 1% local currency with mid-single digit growth or higher in five of our 13 industries, including public service, industrial, utilities, health and energy. As expected, we saw continued pressure in our CMT industry group. And we continue to take market share. As a reminder, we assess market growth against our investable basket, which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public competitors, which represents about a third of our addressable market. We use a consistent methodology to compare our financial results to theirs, adjusted to exclude the impact of any significant acquisitions through the date of their last publicly available results on a rolling four-quarter basis. We delivered adjusted EPS in the quarter of $3.27, reflecting 6% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin was 16.7% for the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points over Q1 last year and includes significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $430 million and returned $2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $788 million in acquisitions across 12 transactions in the quarter. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $18.4 billion for the quarter, representing 14% growth in U.S. dollars and 12% growth in local currency, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $8.6 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Managed services bookings were $9.8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $16.2 billion, a 3% increase in U.S. dollars and 1% local currency, and we're at the top-end of our guided range adjusted for a foreign exchange tailwind of approximately 1.5% compared to the 2.5% estimate provided last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.5 billion, flat in U.S. dollars and a decline of 2% in local currency. Managed services revenues were $7.8 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions: technology services grew mid-single digits, operations was flat, and strategy and consulting declined mid-single digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue declined 1% in local currency. Growth was led by public service, offset by declines in communications and media, software and platforms, and banking and capital markets. Before I continue, I want to highlight that for this fiscal year '24, we have reorganized our geographic segments. Europe is now EMEA and includes the Middle East and Africa, which were previously included in Growth Markets. The reclassification for prior years can be found in our Investor Relations website. In EMEA, revenues grew 2% in local currency, led by growth in public service and banking and capital markets, partially offset by a decline in communications and media. Revenue growth was driven by Italy, Austria, and France, partially offset by a decline in the United Kingdom. In Growth Markets, we delivered 5% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in chemicals and natural resources, public service, and banking and capital markets. Revenue growth was led by Japan. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.6% compared to 32.9% for the first quarter of last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% compared with 9.8% for the first quarter of last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.6% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q1, we recorded $140 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 90 basis points and EPS by $0.17. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.7 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 16.7% operating margin, an increase of 20 basis points from operating margin in Q1 last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.2% compared with an effective tax rate of 23.3% for the first quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.27 compared with diluted EPS of $3.08 in the first quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 49 days compared to 42 days last quarter and 48 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $430 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $499 million, net of property and equipment additions of $69 million. Our cash balance at November 30th was $7.1 billion compared with $9 billion at August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.8 million shares for $1.2 billion at an average price of $311.90 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately $5.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share for a total of $810 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share to be paid on February 15th, a 15% increase over last year. So, in closing, we remain committed to delivering on our long-standing financial objectives, growing faster than market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion and stronger earnings, while at the same time investing at scale for our long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning a significant portion of that cash to shareholders. And now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. As we begin our second quarter, we remain laser-focused on creating value for our clients. The pace of spending continues to be impacted by the macro environment. Our business in the UK in particular, in Q1, saw even greater challenges than we expected last quarter. The fundamentals of our industry remain unchanged. All strategies continue to lead to technology and companies need to reinvent every part of their enterprise using tech, data and AI to optimize operations and accelerate growth. To do so, they must build a digital core. Strategy and consulting, which brings our deep industry and functional expertise is critical to how we differentiate by helping our clients ensure they drive business value from their digital core. We are continuing to see significant demand in areas like cloud migration and modernization, modern ERP and data and AI, including GenAI, platforms and security, all of which represent areas of great opportunity and is still early with more digital core to be built in the future than has been done to date. Let me bring to life the significant opportunities still ahead with examples from the quarter. Our cloud momentum continued in Q1 with strong double-digit growth, reflecting the ongoing significant market opportunity. We estimate only 40% of enterprise workloads are in the cloud, of which only 20% or so are modernized, an 80% opportunity remaining. Clients are continuing to prioritize the digital core as evidenced by strong demand for cloud migration. We're working with a leading insurance provider to continue their cloud transformation. Together, we are migrating hundreds of applications to a cloud-based platform, enabling the company to exit their data centers by 2025. To date, we have migrated more than half of their apps to the cloud. And this is not just a migration. We are modernizing applications and accelerating automation to integrate disparate data more easily from acquisitions and help the company move into new markets. And we are helping reshape their organizational mindset, drive cultural change and find new ways of working, including the creation of a new IT service model to lead complex transformations with agility and speed. This transformation will reduce legacy complexity and technical debt, enable more cost effective back-office operations, and drive growth and innovation, ultimately helping the company provide more affordable and personalized insurance solutions for families and businesses. And for those clients who have made significant progress on their migration, they are investing to modernize and innovate across the cloud continuum, extending cloud to the edge, unlocking greater value with more opportunities still ahead. For example, we recently announced an expansion of our strategic partnership with McDonald's to help it execute their technology strategy and leverage the company's scale to unlock greater speed and efficiency for customers, restaurant teams and employees. This new work supports McDonald's ambition to connect restaurants worldwide with cloud technology and apply generative AI solutions across McDonald's platforms. Accenture also will support the acceleration of automation innovation and the enhancement of the digital capabilities of McDonald's employees. Accenture's deep understanding of the McDonald's business, industry and technology will help unlock opportunities in their ongoing digital investments as McDonald's reinvents the customer experience and stays ahead of their customers' changing needs. Turning to data and AI. We estimate that less than 10% of companies have mature data and AI capabilities. This is a critical part of building the digital core and we see this embedded in our larger transformations, in work focused on data and AI modernization and in the opportunities of generative AI. We help leaders such as BBVA, a global financial services group, to stay ahead of the curve by continuing to reinvent its business model with GenAI. For example, we are building a GenAI-powered financial coach assistant to help them disrupt customer centricity in the banking industry while they reinvent their digital core to also become even more efficient. This work is a continuation of our ongoing GenAI implementation which is transforming BBVA's operations and digital marketing and is helping employees be more productive. Thanks to its strong digital core, BBVA can continue to reinvent across their enterprise by applying GenAI. We're also helping a global hospitality group to support its content production capability and marketing communications across its hotel brands, tailoring content to guests' evolving needs. This new data-driven content supply chain model will create personalized, flexible and efficient marketing communications content across every customer touchpoint. Spanning both physical and digital communications, this service will be available to all marketing professionals enabling content production management from its initial brief to performance measurement and content optimization. This will increase the effectiveness of its digital marketing programs, drive more traffic to its branded website, and deliver exceptional customer experiences, all while reducing costs. Platforms are a core component of the digital core and are critical to our clients' transformations. We estimate 60% of the opportunity is still ahead as clients upgrade their core platforms. We are working with OCBC Group, a Singapore-based multinational banking and financial services corporation, on a two-year transformation journey to modernize their human resources organization. We will shift key HR functions such as hiring, talent management, and career development to the cloud and create a next-generation HR operating model with enhanced capabilities. Together, we will drive operational efficiency with a strategic focus on future talent readiness, employee experience, and AI-driven decision-making. And by providing a scalable framework to meet evolving business needs, we'll free up HR capacity to provide high-value advisory work and empower business and HR leaders with analytics and insights to facilitate better talent decisions. Security is also essential to a digital core, and we continue to see very strong double-digit growth in our security business this quarter. While the opportunity to continue to grow and expand, we estimate that currently only 36% of business leaders are confident that their organizations are cyber resilient, representing at least 64% of untapped potential. An example of our important work with our clients to build secure organizations is Fortrea, a global contract research organization of about 19,000 people that provides clinical trial and research services for life sciences companies in more than 90 countries. We're working with Fortrea to deliver database outcomes and health-related insights, which require adherence to regional and local industry and government regulations. As they continue to grow and enter new markets, they need a partner to ensure that their cybersecurity program remains resilient and compliant with security best practices. We will co-create, architect, and operate a series of global cybersecurity services and capabilities through our managed services. Our partnership will help Fortrea grow its business, utilizing flexible risk and security strategies. We are focused on helping clients reimagine marketing and their customer experience to drive growth. Song demand continues to remain strong with double-digit growth in Q1. We are collaborating with Peugeot, a French automotive brand, to lead strategic and creative direction for its global communications. The partnership supports Peugeot's ambition to engage a younger audience and become a leader in the electric vehicle market. Accenture Song will manage global communications across all traditional and digital media channels. The first campaign will be a full 360 integrated launch of the all-new electric fastback SUV E-3008 in early 2024. Finally, we continue to see strong demand for digital manufacturing and engineering services. We estimate that only 5% of enterprises have scaled, matured digital capabilities across their organizations. Industry X grew strong double digits in Q1. We are working with a leading global -- a leading German multinational car manufacturer to engineer the next generation of infotainment system. Using our deep industry expertise and software engineering capabilities, we will support the implementation of a new flexible platform that enables the next level of in-car experience with cutting-edge customer features while minimizing complexity and maximizing the software we use across hardware generations. We're working with a global food manufacturer on a total enterprise reinvention strategy to modernize its supply chain, reduce operating costs, and position it for the future. We will transform key supply chain processes such as planning, procurement, manufacturing, and distribution. AI and intelligent automation will optimize end-to-end supply chain operations and achieve greater efficiency and agility. It will also help the company leverage data for better decision making and implement portfolio optimization to ensure the right assets are focused on for investment to maximize returns and minimize risks. This self-funded program is expected to generate significant productivity gains with ongoing savings fueling further capability builds and bottom-line growth. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '24, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.4 billion to $16 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 0.5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '23 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to positive 2% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '24, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be about flat compared to fiscal '23. For the full fiscal '24, we continue to expect our revenue to be in the range of 2% to 5% growth in local currency over fiscal '23, with the inorganic contribution now expected to be more than 2%. We continue to expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal '24 GAAP operating margin by 70 basis points and EPS by $0.56. The following guidance for full year '24 excludes these impacts. For adjusted operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year '24 to be 15.5% to 15.7%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '23 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '23. We continue to expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal '24 to be in the range of $11.97 to $12.32 or 3% to 6% growth over adjusted fiscal '23 results. For the full fiscal '24, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Happy holidays. I just wanted to start with a question on the revenue guidance for Q2. The midpoint there would suggest 1 point of deceleration, but we do have an easier comparison, and there was a return to positive growth in consulting bookings. So, just hoping you can help us reconcile that and then maybe comment on the second half reacceleration that is continuing to be implied in the guide, maybe slightly steeper than previously thought. Thank you.
KC McClure: Yeah, great. Thanks, Jason. Happy holidays to you, too. So first, let me first start in terms of our guidance. I'll first start with Q1. And as you heard us say, we were really pleased with our Q1 performance. And as you stated, our Q2 guidance is the same as Q1. And maybe a couple of things that I'll point out compared to what we thought 90 days ago, and as Julie mentioned, we do see some differences in EMEA, particularly in the UK, where we're focused on repositioning the business back to growth, and that's going to take some time. But Jason, what is the same is that we are still operating in an environment, which is the same that we described last quarter, where the discretionary spend and the decision making is slow. And so right now, as you expect, and you know that we do this every year, we're talking to our clients right now about their '24 budgets. And so that's all, again, to be expected. When we look forward into H2, to start with just what the math is, we continue to see higher growth in the back half of the year. That's going to start with higher growth in Q3. And our confidence in our H2 increased growth is really based on a few things. Again, reiterating what we talked about at the beginning of the year versus our results in Q1, so we're confident, again, that we were able to deliver across the board as we expected in the first quarter. And also then, as Julie mentioned quite a bit, we made a lot of investments in our business in the quarter, and that's helping us pivot to higher growth areas. In addition to that, as we talked about last quarter, the same remains, we do have our revenue positioned in the back half of our year from these larger transformation deals. So that has not changed. We continue to see that. And then, we just need to continue to layer in our new sales as we get closer to the back half of the year. So, we're really very pleased to reiterate the 2% to 5% revenue guidance that we had at the beginning of the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, what should we expect in terms of second quarter bookings for consulting and management -- managed services year-over-year? I know managed services has a particularly tough comp. Thanks again.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jason, I know I've been giving color and basically kind of guiding to future quarter bookings, but as you know really well covering up for so long, bookings can really be lumpy. So, I'm not going to give that color anymore, go forward. What I would say is the best way to think about demand for our business is the revenue guide that we give. And we gave revenue guidance for the second quarter as well as our 2% to 5% for the full year. And obviously, we'll continue to do that. And I'll just put in that we do feel good about our pipeline. We have a very solid pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, perfect. Yeah, I just want to follow up to Jason's question just with the bookings, which is better than expected, and your large deal backlog is quite large now. Just the visibility on the timeliness of those conversions? Have you seen any signs of pushout or delays or that kind of thing? Just trying to understand the conversion potential.
KC McClure: Yeah. So maybe just a couple of things on that. So I think, conversion can be really mainly impacted by the mix, right? So, the mix of deals that we have. So, let's just start with, overall, we haven't seen any change in the conversion based on the mix of work. So, strategy and consulting which converts faster than with operations. There's been no change within those different parts of our business, no change in the conversion. What we have talked about, and we've been consistent, that there's really been -- there's no change over the last 90 days in our discretionary spend environment, and that is consistent with our expectations. So -- and we haven't been reliant, and we're not reliant on a change in that macro to get to our full-year guidance. So, what does that mean? Hopefully you guys can hear me. The lower -- a little trouble in the line. Okay. Is that there -- as we have lower discretionary spend, that does impact the conversion, Tien-Tsin, as you know, but we have factored that all into our guidance.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Understood, KC. Thanks for that. And just my quick follow-up. I know you've been really busy with acquisitions, and Julie, you listed a bunch of them. Is there a change here in the rhythm of acquisitions or your appetite? It sounds like the revenue contribution is up a nudge, but -- up a little bit. But you tell me. I didn't know if there was a change in your thinking here on the deal. Thanks.
KC McClure: Yeah. I'm going to maybe give a little bit of color and then I'll certainly hand it over to Julie. Just more from a financial perspective, I think -- and as you know this really well, but our competitive advantage really is our investment capacity that allows us to pivot to higher areas of growth. And we can do that and invest through every cycle, and you've seen us do that. And I really think that is clearly a differentiator for us. You see that with our strong start this quarter. Julie talked about the 12 acquisitions, $800 million of spend, and we have five more that we've announced for Q2. All of that, and we're reconfirming op margin expansion of 10 basis points to 30 basis points. I think it's important to see that in terms of our strategy, we're continuing to do this to really fuel organic growth. And lastly, I think one of the parts that really distinguishes us is our capital allocation framework, which is durable yet flexible. So, we're able to flex up and do inorganic to the degree that we see that we'd like to, while at the same time, continuing to increase our return to our shareholders. So, I think it's really, really great.
Julie Sweet: Great. Yeah. And there's no change in the strategies in the sense of we're still trying to -- we're still investing to either scale in hot areas or add new types of skills. So, you see that we're executing in capital projects like we described, right? In August, we did the -- yeah, in August, we did the Anser Advisory. We just added Canada. And then, of course, adding the niche skills in consulting and whether it's industry or functional. So, no change in strategy. But I would reiterate that it is really a huge competitive advantage for us that we can invest across the cycles. You saw that we did that in the first year after the pandemic, where we significantly increased, and again, always to drive organic growth and position ourselves for those next waves. So, you're going to see the AI acquisitions. You saw health in the UK, another great area of growth, capital projects. So, think about our strengths here is how we accelerate pivoting to growth.
KC McClure: And then, I'll just add, Tien-Tsin, that you heard me mention in guidance, that we are going to do now more than 2% in organic contribution for this year.
Julie Sweet: Yeah.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yeah. No, I'm sure you'll amplify the growth of what you buy. Just wanted to check on that. That's helpful. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks, and congratulations on the performance. Happy holidays from me. I wanted to ask about, as you have conversations with your clients with regards to budget and spending priorities into next year, if you can comment, first of all, on that? And then, it's only a couple of quarters since sort of the GenAI kind of took hold, but it's a fast-moving technology, and I want to kind of inquire into whether the nature of those discussions has changed or become more meaningful, gone past proofs of concept and so on.
Julie Sweet: Great. And happy holidays to you, too. Great question. So first, with respect to -- on your first point around what's happening in the market on client budgets is what I would say is that we're having lots of discussions that are pretty similar to what we've been talking about, which is, how do you prioritize in a more cautionary environment? So, we'll really know how that will play out in January as always because this is when we -- they finalize. But what I'd say is it's a consistent thing I've been talking about, which is in a cautionary environment, in a tough macro, we're helping clients prioritize. And they're in the things that we talked about in the script again today, things like building the digital core. It's using the technology to drive both growth and cost. And I would just say on the macro side, right, is that, our clients, we recognize you cannot cut yourself to growth. And if you think about the examples that I used in today's script, most of them were both cost and growth, right? Because that is what our clients are focused on, is how are they going to grow revenue despite whatever the environment is. And that, of course, is our unique capabilities to be able to do both. And then, with respect to GenAI, so first of all, I just want to say $450 million in sales this quarter, we're very pleased with. I mean, it demonstrates we are leading here. All of last year, it was $300 million. And to your point, the conversations are changing. You have examples like BBVA, which we talked about earlier in my script, where we're starting to use it at scale. Our clients want to get out of proofs of concept to material value, and we're super well positioned. Why? GenAI is not plug and play. It is not just technology. In fact, it's closer to any other technology. Think about cloud, that's farther away from the heart of the business. In order to scale, you have to deeply understand the technology, which is still rapidly changing, and the business value. And this is Accenture's leadership position, right? We have strategy. We have consulting, deep industry and functional expertise. We're the biggest partner with every major player. We're working with them at a product level and we can bring those two things together. So, think of 2024 as being the shift for our clients from experimentation to scale, and we believe we're at the best position to lead that shift to value.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. I want to ask also about operations performance. It did decelerate meaningfully. I think it was high-single-digit growth, and now it's flat. Is that also a reflection you mentioned just now, maybe a pivot from cost savings to revenue generation maybe is beginning? Is that what's happening or are there other factors in here?
KC McClure: Yeah. Maybe just in terms of the quarter performance, operations came in as expected. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, Ashwin, we do have some impacts in CMT that impact operations, and so we'll see that growth may fluctuate as we go throughout the year. As part, though, of our overall guidance for the full year of managed services continuing to be mid-single to high-single-digit growth for the year.
Julie Sweet: Yeah. And in fact, I would say, it's the opposite. Operations, which was impacted, by the way, by CMT, for example, look, it's going to build similar to the way Accenture is going to build over the course of the year. Actually, the sweet spot of operations is that it does both cost and growth. So, the BBVA example includes operations, Fortrea includes operations. So, these are -- our managed services are highly strategic because they are typically able to do both. Think about IT transformation. Our managed services are as much about modernizing. So, in IT, modernized tech is what drives growth. So, we really see our strength being that our managed services are strategic. And one of the reasons is that we do them in the context of understanding the industry and the function. So, we're not back office. We're bringing that strategy and consulting expertise to make sure that it isn't just a cost play. And that's an important differentiator for us.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you both.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, guys. Good morning. Happy holidays. I wanted to start on your some of the expectations around shorter cycle and discretionary work within S&C and SI. Do you have a sense of stabilization forming there or cuts still occurring in those areas? And maybe can you give us a sense on how you expect consulting to do in the second quarter?
Julie Sweet: Yeah. So, look, we're -- as KC said earlier, we're operating kind of the same environment we have for the last few quarters, right? Discretionary spend is down. And we're right in the middle of the budget cycle, so next quarter, we'll have a much better view of what's there. But if you sort of look around in the environment, there aren't a lot of green shoots on the economic side. And obviously, the volatility on the geopolitical side continues. And so, as KC said, we're not planning right now for kind of a change in the macro, which means that we're not planning for a change in discretionary spending. We just don't see that being meaningfully different as we go into 2024. And obviously, we'll update you. But that's why when you think about the question earlier on revenue conversion, our level of smaller deals is just down. It's going to stay down for a while, which means that how revenues going to -- how sales are going to bleed into revenue is going to be consistent with what we've been seeing. So -- and then, you want to comment?
KC McClure: Yeah. Just in terms of, Bryan, on the overall growth, there's no change from what we said at the beginning of the year in terms of our full-year outlook for consulting type of work. We see low-single-digit positive growth for the full year. That's in our 2% to 5%. And Q1 came in as we expected, which was negative 2%.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just a clarification around the M&A. So first, I don't know if you mentioned M&A in the first quarter, the contribution to growth, and we're saying greater than 2% for the full year. Just to be clear, that's just rounding around 2% or upwards of 3%? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, we're saying more than 2% for the full year, and it can fluctuate by quarter, so we really just stick to our guidance for the overall year.
Julie Sweet: Right. And if we get close to 3%, we'll talk about that. But right now it's more than 2%.
KC McClure: More than 2%.
Julie Sweet: Right. Because we gave you guidance, so it's down definitely more than 2%. And remember, we only do deals that we think are good deals. So, what we see right now is a lot of good deals that is going to get us to above 2%. And if that -- we have a lot of financial flexibility, so if that changes, we'll update if it gets above 3%.
Bryan Bergin: Thanks. Happy holidays.
Julie Sweet: Happy holidays.
KC McClure: Same to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks so much. One thing I noticed, I guess, gross margin growth, year-over-year expansion in gross margin was the strongest in about nine quarters or so. Is that just lower attrition, offshore shift? Maybe walk through why that's gotten nicely better.
KC McClure: Yeah. Hey, Dave. Thanks for the question. So, as you know, we run our business to operating margin, which we did 20 basis point expansion this quarter. And I will mention that if I didn't already, that the 10 basis point to 30 basis point that we have for the year, we might see more variability as we go throughout the quarters. But now back to gross margin, you're right, we did see expansion this quarter, but it's really hard to look at that in isolation. And why is that? Well, there's various things that can go in and out of gross margin in terms of increased or decreased spend. So, for example, one would be acquisitions. There's a lot of -- some of the investment acquisitions, some of that spend will go into gross margin, and that can be lumpy as we go throughout. As you know, it also depends on where people spend their time. So for example, you saw that, yes, we had improvement in gross margin, but then we also had increased sales and marketing costs, which is a result of people spending more time out in the market selling to create the $18.4 billion in sales that we have. So that's why -- again, we look at those components, but really at the end of the day, we always continue to run our business to op margin.
Dave Koning: Got you. Thanks for that. And then, maybe as a follow-up just to Jason's question at the beginning on kind of the back-end loaded growth. If I just put in normal sequential patterns in Q3 and Q4, I get to about 2% constant currency, so the low-end of guide. Is there a scenario given bookings were really good this quarter that it actually, the progression sequentially in the back half of the year is better than normal and then that kind of gets to the better parts of the guidance range for revenue?
KC McClure: Yeah. So, I think, obviously when you do -- what you're just kind of talking about is a bit of the math. What I would tell is give you the year-over-year way we look at it in terms of our guidance, right? So, we had 1% growth this quarter with strong bookings, right, 1% revenue growth with strong bookings. We see Q2 shaping up the same way year-over-year. And again, just reinforcing that we do see fuel in our sequential growth in the back half of the year based on the transformation deals that we have signed. That's no different than what we talked about at the beginning of the year. We've layered in then the sales that we expect as we go throughout. And that -- there's no difference to how we're doing our range that gets us to the 2% to 5% range. I would say at the top end of our range, again, as we said, last quarter, just when we said guidance, that when -- to get to the top end of our guidance range, you would see S&C reconnecting with growth would be one thing that we'd see. And you would probably also see the mid- to high-single digits that we've been referencing consistently in managed services be more like high-single digits. So hopefully that helps, Dave.
Dave Koning: Yeah, that's helpful. Thanks, guys. Nice job.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to ask on the clarification on the UK market in particular. I know the economy has been weak there for a couple years. So -- and I know it's been a call out for kind of the quarter. What exactly happened in the UK? And then, what's the outlook for that?
Julie Sweet: In the UK, as you said it, it has been kind of challenge for a couple of years, and we have a big banking capital markets business there, and we're really trying to pivot to more growth there in other areas. That's why you saw the acquisitions that we did, for example, this quarter. And what we're seeing is that it's just taking longer than we anticipated to really move into the other areas. And banking capital markets, which we've talked about, has been more challenged, particularly in the UK. And so, it's really about how long it's taking us to pivot. And we think it's going to take some time. So, I'm not going to call exactly when, but we do think it's going to take some time, and it's taking more time than we anticipated going into the fiscal year. So, we've got a good team. We're on it. And again, this is where you're going to see us do more acquisitions to diversify our business there as we reposition that.
KC McClure: Yeah. Maybe just also, Bryan, just for context, it's about 6% of our overall business, a little bit more than $4 billion that we have in the UK.
Bryan Keane: Got it. No, that's helpful. And then, KC, just to make sure we understand, the comments on the margins, given the movement in acquisition and the pick of an acquisition, there could be some fluctuations in given quarters. You're not going to have it perfectly 10 -- in the range of 10 basis points to 30 basis points per quarter. Any quarters to call in particular where it could fall below the range given the ramp of acquisitions and the ramp of investments? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yeah. I don't want to really guide to the quarter because 10 basis points or 20 basis points on a quarter, that's spend, Bryan, as you know. That's kind of big and small in terms of the dollar amount that we're talking about. So, we're going to guide overall to the full year of 10 basis points to 30 basis points for the full year. And I just wanted to point out that we might have some periods where it's just a little bit more variable than what you've seen us do over the years.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thank you. Happy holidays.
KC McClure: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. Just want to touch on headcount growth. I mean, it's still -- I think it's still a bit decelerating. And so, what are the expectations going forward, I mean, just given the backdrop of an acceleration on the revenue in the second half of the year? And then, Julie, maybe we could just touch on the linearity of the business one more time. Just if we could revisit the mix of the kind of business you're seeing now and the revenue per head you'd expect, or maybe just directionally, what you'd anticipate based on the mix we're seeing and what demand is for?
KC McClure: Yeah. So, thanks for that, Darrin. So, I'll talk about -- in terms of our people, in terms of number of people we have, first, I'll start with, as you know, managing supply-demand is really our core competency. And you can see that in our ability to manage our utilization at high levels. And I'll just point out that for the last 13 quarters, our utilization has been 91% or higher. And so, we hire for the skills that we need and we hire where we need them. And what you're pointing out is that we had about a 1% increase year-over-year in our headcount, as well as about a 1% sequentially. And that's in-line with what we -- how we see revenue going for the rest of the year. So there's really no change there. And as it relates to the revenue per head and the non-linearity, I mean, we do have automation. We do have value-based projects. So, while there still is a, obviously, connection to the amount of people that we have, we have been able to break that. There are parts where we are able to not fully disconnect, but not completely rely on headcount to drive revenue.
Julie Sweet: And Darrin, in terms of just demand, right, so I'd kind of anchor to, first of all, we're seeing demand for transformational deals. So, in an environment like this, the thing that I look at most is, are we continuing to have our clients do more than $100 million of bookings, right, which is in our industry, we are a real standout here. And what does that mean? That means that we continue to be at the heart of where clients are spending to do material transformations. That's where you want to be so that you're positioned when inevitably discretionary spending, the pace goes back up, the macro changes, you want to be at the heart. So, at times like this, that's what I'm really looking at. And that's where you're seeing -- I will tell you, this is one of the most exciting times in the market. Like you just take what we are announcing today on McDonald's. I talked about in the script, right? Incredible company, technology driven. We've been their long-time partner. Just expanded the partnership to take it all the way to the edge and reinvent their restaurants and their crew experience. This is going to be really cutting work at the edge, because that's where we're starting to see the leaders in cloud go, and we're leading there. Those are the kinds of things that then you see how they're going to expand. There's so much opportunity still in these big areas of cloud, of data, and AI. But cloud itself, yes, we've done a lot of migration. There's still more migration to go, but even more importantly, you've got to take it all the way to the edge. So, from a demand perspective, we continue to see the transformations that move the needle for cost and growth, and that's what we're expecting. From a mix perspective, we're not seeing a big change between managed services and consulting. The mix we're seeing is that in this environment, you're seeing less of the smaller deals, which convert to revenue faster, and more on the larger deals. And that's been around for a while, and that's what you're going to continue to see. And we are laser-focused on making sure we are winning in the reinvention, the transformation, and at the same time massively pivoting to GenAI, right? And our clients have so much work to do to be able to use GenAI, but you can see the momentum in our business, right, from that change from $300 million of all of last year to $450 million in a quarter. And I'll just remind you, that's not the pull-through. That's not data. We are very pure because we really want to be sharing with all of you where is GenAI in the market. So, we're pretty excited about where we are today and what's ahead.
Darrin Peller: That's really helpful. Look, you guys have obviously managed well through what was a softer discretionary demand environment. So, I guess, my question would be, if we thought about what a normalized run rate of revenues on really S&C would be, if we just said today's a normal, no longer softer discretionary environment, where do you think the difference is? I mean, I know it's probably hard to give an exact or precise estimate, but how much upside is there when we get that back?
Julie Sweet: Well, we have a good -- a really strong strategy in consulting business. And so, we're very positive about that business growing. But beyond that, I think, Darrin, we're not going to start to predict growth rates. But in the meantime, it is a huge differentiator. Nobody has that combination that we have, and that is what is driving the resilience of our business to be at the core of our clients' agenda. Thanks so much, Darrin.
Darrin Peller: Great. Thanks, guys.
Katie O'Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great, thank you so much. I want to just ask a couple of follow-up questions to those that have already been asked. First on the inorganic contribution, appreciate that it's going to be better than 2%. Can you talk a little bit about whether that increased activity is -- or how you would balance that increased activity between just better valuations and more opportunities from a purely financial perspective in the market versus it sounds like some of the acquisitions you're doing, you're just trying to push into new strategic areas, and just wondering how you're balancing those strategic imperatives versus perhaps a little better valuations?
Julie Sweet: Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't call out -- I wouldn't say that this activity is because of better valuations, right? At any given time when we look at the market, right, and we see where are the growth opportunities, we want to move quickly and we look at organic versus inorganic ways of moving quickly. We never do anything purely inorganic, right, or purely organic. And so, think about our acquisitions as being matched to what is the opportunity in the market and what's the best way to capture that growth quickly, right? And so, the strategy of categories is the same, right? So, there are new areas that we want to go into, like capital markets. That's an investment decision. We go into a certain number of those. We're executing now with rigor. We went and bought Anser Advisory. Now we bought the next one in Canada, right? So that's just about -- it's a great growth area and we're trying to pivot. And the best way to do that to build something that we don't have already organically is to make some inorganic acquisitions and then that becomes organic growth and we're able to kick in our recruiting machine. If you think about the UK, health is a great area. We just bought a health company, right? So, you look at the market and you say, "If I want to diversify, what's the fastest way to diversify into new areas?" And that's where often inorganic can help us do that through these niche acquisitions and consulting and industry. And then, you've got just massive opportunities like cloud and security, where you saw some of those acquisitions in supply chain. And that's all about both adding phenomenal talent quickly and scaling to go after a market that's today, right? So, that's how we think about it. It's extremely rigorous. We always have a decision what's the best way to get there organically or inorganically. And inorganic is always about acceleration and driving organic growth. So, it's very consistent. We've been doing it in a very disciplined way. And in these kinds of environments, we believe the companies that invest win. And that is why we do actions like we did last year to increase our business resilience and enable us to be really well positioned to invest when others are not.
James Faucette: That's great color. I appreciate that. And similarly, just on bookings activity and AI contribution, there are clear acceleration in the AI level of activity, et cetera. When you're talking to clients and that kind of thing, how are they thinking about AI budget allocation versus other initiatives, et cetera, right now? Are they looking at it as, "Hey, this is an incremental investment that we need to be making given the pace of change in technology," or are they trying to really use that spend or have that spend be to offset some other projects maybe that they're going to curtail a little bit sooner? Just trying to think about as that continues to build, how we should think about it being incremental versus substitutive within a lot of the budgets.
Julie Sweet: Right now we're seeing a lot of reprioritization, right, because -- I mean, obviously the market is growing. Like, we're growing. The market is growing. So, spending in technology is increasing. It's not increasing as fast as it was increasing a couple of years ago, right? So, spending on technology is increasing. But within that, you're seeing more prioritization. And our research, everybody's research is saying, hey, more spending on AI. For lots of companies, it's also more spending mostly on building that digital core, because many companies don't have the data estates in order -- they're not in the cloud. They don't have the data in order to use the GenAI. So, think of it as a real focus on building a digital core to enable as well. So, market is still growing. It's more about prioritization of where that spending is going. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. So, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support in all of our people for what you do every single day. And I wish everyone a happy and a healthy holiday season. Thank you for joining today.
Operator: That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-09-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2024. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie, and everyone joining us. And thank you to the approximately 733,000 Accenture people, who have worked hard to be at the center of our client's business across our fiscal year ‘23. Our laser focus on creating 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders is reflected in our overall strong results for the year. With record bookings of $72 billion, we had a record 106 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million in FY ‘23, up from 100 last year. We now have 300 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships, an increase of 33 from last year, demonstrating yet again the depth and breadth of our capabilities and the trust our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $64 billion for the year, representing 8% growth in local currency, while continuing to take market share. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points and delivered adjusted EPS growth of 9%, while continuing to significantly invest in our business and our people with capital deployed of over $2.5 billion across 25 acquisitions, $1.3 billion in R&D assets, platforms, and industry solutions, and $1.1 billion invested in the training and development of our people. And we generated free cash flow of $9 billion, allowing us to return over $7 billion of cash to shareholders. And we are delivering a little ahead of schedule on our business optimization actions we announced in March to reduce structural costs to create greater resilience. We also continue to attract, retain, and inspire outstanding people through our talent strategy. We're making progress toward our commitment to Net Zero by 2025, and we invested in our communities to help ensure we have vibrant places where we work and live. I will give more detail a little later in the call. Taking a step back, coming off two fiscal years of double-digit growth and a truly extraordinary FY ‘22, we are very pleased with our FY ‘23 results and the moves we have made to optimize our business. We are also rapidly taking an early leadership position in gen AI, which will be an important part of the reinvention of our clients in the next decade. Last quarter, we shared that we had sold 100 projects with roughly $100 million in sales over the prior four months. Demand accelerated in Q4 with another approximately $200 million in gen AI sales to bring our total to over $300 million for the year. We also are embracing the use of gen AI in our own delivery of services and the way we work across Accenture. As we reflect on how our market has developed over the last year, we and our clients have had to navigate a macro environment that is tougher than we anticipated at the beginning of FY ‘23. While it's played out differently across markets and industries, we have seen greater caution globally, with lower discretionary spend, slower decision-making, and in particular for us, a significant impact from the challenges the comm, media, and tech industries have faced. For example, in Q4, where we grew 4% in local currency, if we exclude CMT, we grew 7% globally, 6% in North America, 9% in Europe, and 8% in growth markets. Against that backdrop, as we enter FY ‘24, we remain laser focused on creating value for our clients. While the pace of spending has changed, the fundamentals have not. All strategies continue to lead to technology. And companies will need to reinvent every part of their enterprise using tech, data, and AI to optimize operations and accelerate growth. To do so, they must build a digital core. We are continuing to see significant demand in areas like cloud migration and modernization, modern ERP and data and AI, and the emergence of gen AI in particular, all of which represent areas of great opportunity. And it's still early. For example, we estimate that only 40% of workloads are in the cloud today, only one-third of clients have modernized their ERP platforms, and less than 10% have what we define as mature data and AI capabilities. We believe helping build a strong digital core and then using it to reinvent will be the drivers of our growth. Our ability to advise, shape, and deliver value-led transformation, leveraging the breadth of our services and industry expertise from strategy and consulting, to technology, to our managed services across industries and geographic markets, along with our privileged position with our ecosystem partners, is what makes Accenture unique. And you can see this unique positioning in the number of our Diamond clients, clients who turn to us for large-scale transformation. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. And thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which were within our guided range and aligned to our expectations, completing another strong year for Accenture. Our results reflect the diversity of our business and once again illustrate our ability to run our business with discipline and deliver significant value for our shareholders. So let me begin by summarizing a few highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 4% local currency, driven by high-single or double-digit growth in five of our 13 industries. As we called out last quarter, we expected increased pressure in our CMT industry group and we saw declines of 12% local currency this quarter. As Julie mentioned, excluding CMT, our business grew 7% globally. We delivered adjusted EPS in the quarter of $2.71, reflecting 4% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin was 14.9%, an increase of 20 basis points over Q4 last year, and includes significant -- continued significant investments in our people and our business. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.2 billion, driven by very strong DSO management. Now, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $16.6 billion for the quarter, a 10% decline in local currency, with an overall book to bill of 1. Consulting bookings were $8.5 billion with a book to bill of 1. Managed services bookings were $8.2 billion with a book to bill of 1. Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $16 billion, a 4% increase in both US dollar and local currency, representing continued market share gains. Now, as a reminder, we assessed market growth against our investable basket, which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public company competitors, which represent about a third of our addressable market. We used a consistent methodology to compare our financial results and theirs, adjusted to exclude the impact of significant acquisitions through the data of their last publicly available results on a rolling four quarter basis. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.2 billion, a decline of 2% in both U.S. dollar and local currency. Managed services revenues were $7.8 billion, up 10% in both U.S. dollars and local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services grew mid-single-digits, operations grew high-single-digits, and strategy and consulting declined mid-single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 1% in local currency, driven by growth in public service, health, and utilities. These increases were partially offset by declines in communications and media, software and platforms, banking and capital markets, and high tech. In Europe, revenues grew 7% in local currency, led by growth in banking and capital markets, industrial and public service. Revenue growth was driven by Germany and France. In growth markets, we delivered 6% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in chemicals and natural resources, industrial and energy. Revenue growth was driven by Japan. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.4%, compared with 32.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.8%, compared with 10.2% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.7%, compared to 7.1% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q4, we recorded $472 million in costs associated with our business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 290 basis points and EPS by $0.56, and also impacted our tax rates. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.4 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.9% adjusted operating margin and an increase of 20 basis points from operating margin in Q4 last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.4%, compared with an effective tax rate of 24.6% for the fourth quarter last year. Adjusted diluting earnings per share were $2.71, compared with EPS of $2.60 in the fourth quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 42 days, compared to 42 days last quarter, and 43 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $180 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $9 billion, compared with $7.9 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.2 million shares for $1 billion, an average price of $312.35 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $706 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.29 per share to be paid on November 15, a 15% increase over last year, and approved $4 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Now, I'd like to take a moment to summarize the year, as we've navigated a challenging macro environment and successfully executed our business to deliver or exceed all aspects of our original guidance that we provided last September on an adjusted basis. We delivered $72.2 billion in new bookings, reflecting 5% growth in local currency. Revenue of $64.1 billion for the year, reflecting strong growth of 8% local currency, and reflecting continued market share gains. Before I continue for the full-year, we recorded $1.1 billion in costs associated with business optimization actions, which decreased operating margin by 170 basis points, and EPS by $1.28. We also recognized a gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.38. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating margin of 15.4%, a 20-basis point expansion over FY ‘22. Adjusted earnings per share was $11.67, reflecting 9% growth over FY ‘22 EPS. Free cash flow of $9 billion was significantly above our original guided range, reflecting a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.3. And with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, we exceeded our original guidance for capital allocation by returning $7.2 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing approximately $2.5 billion across 25 acquisitions. In closing, we remain committed to delivering on our enduring shareholder value proposition, while creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders, clients, our people, our shareholders, partners, and our communities. And now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Let me now bring to life for you the demand we saw from our clients this quarter as they build their digital core and reinvent. We saw this demand across markets and industries. Our cloud momentum continued with very strong double-digit growth in Q4, as clients prioritized building a strong and secure foundation for reinvention. We're partnering with a multinational financial services company on a cloud-based transformation to deliver enhanced, personalized, and secure customer experiences, and to increase employee productivity. Together, we're developing an integrated hosting strategy that unifies their hybrid multi-cloud landscape and lays the foundation for their digital transformation over the next decade. This partnership enables innovative solutions across all bank functions and is backed by a trusted and secure foundation that supports advanced workloads and complex AI and data solutions. Working from a compliant cloud platform will safeguard the customer data, privacy, and financial assets, positioning the organization to stand out for its innovation and customer focus. And we are supporting a U.S.-based energy company on a total enterprise reinvention strategy to unify different technologies and business processes around a common digital core. We'll help leading the deployment of a cloud-based IT platform that integrates customer management, finance, HR, supply chains, asset management, and operations, improving the ability to assess and optimize operational performance. We also are helping manage and integrate the responsibilities and activities of the vendors involved in the project, standardize data from legacy applications, and enable company employees to understand and manage the new processes and technologies. Data-driven decision-making will be improved, allowing the company to cultivate better collaboration within their business, helping them operate more efficiently and better serve their customers. We are partnering with Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan to accelerate their path to becoming a world-class bottler and data-driven organization. The partnership includes establishing an innovative joint venture of significant scale of approximately 870 people that will accelerate transforming their digital core, optimizing their enterprise operations, leveraging the power of cloud, data, and AI to increase the value delivered from their core business functions. In support of their broader strategic business plan, Accenture will provide specialized talent, industry expertise, and leading-edge technology automation and managed services to help Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan adopt a strategy of continuous enterprise reinvention. Data and AI are an important part of building the digital core, and we see that work both embedded in our larger transformations, as you just heard, and in work focused on data and AI modernization. Accenture Federal Services is helping the defense health agency operate and enhance the Joint Medical Common Operating Picture platform by implementing data synchronization across multiple network domains and near real-time collaboration and information sharing, we will provide a comprehensive picture into Department of Defense medical assets. This increases visibility into unit health, equipment, and supplies and allows for faster and more informed decision-making. We are a strategic partner for the Saudi Data and AI Authority to boost the Kingdom's transformation to a data-driven economy and help the Kingdom become a world leader in generation and deployment of AI technology. We're working closely with Sadiya to support cutting-edge research, promote digital innovation in public life, and boost national capabilities and talent. We're especially pleased with the double-digit growth we have in the Middle East, a small, but growing part of our business. Security is essential to a digital core, and we had very strong double-digit growth in our security business in Q4. We're working with a major energy network in the U.K. on the transformation of its cybersecurity systems. We will provide an entire managed service for their cybersecurity capability, including migration to a more powerful security platform, continuous and active threat monitoring, and response services, as well as security tools management. Our solutions will help provide improved security, reduce exposure to potential global security threats, and ultimately better safeguard the safe delivery of gas to millions of U.K. homes and businesses. As clients continue to reimagine and prioritize the customer experience, Song delivered strong double-digit growth in Q4. We are helping smart Europe, maker of the next generation of smart vehicles, products, and services of the iconic brand from smart Automobile Company -- Co Limited., a joint venture between Mercedes-Benz and Geely. We are helping them reinvent car shopping by creating an ecosystem that supports a seamless, fully digital-driven buying experience. By putting data at the core, the system allows personalization of the customer journey, makes recommendations based on real-time data, and includes enhanced offerings such as extended insurance coverage. It will help smart Europe reposition its brand and support the launch of its intelligent, fully electrical car lines. We also continue to see demand for our supply chain in Industry X capabilities, the next digital frontier, which grew strong double-digits in Q4. In Industry X, we are partnering with a global chemical and materials company on a digital transformation of their manufacturing core and commercial capabilities. Through our Industry X capabilities, we have built a unified connected worker platform for operators, maintenance technicians, and job planners, along with a cloud-based data lake to help generate insight from disparate sources of manufacturing data. The program is already live in dozens of manufacturing sites and is expected to create significant revenue growth over the next few years for our clients. And in supply chain, we have partnered with a large global food and beverage conglomerate to strengthen supply chain resilience, so consumers have continued access to their products in stores and online. By creating a digital twin of its supply chain, we will develop stress test models to help identify supply disruptions with the highest risk before they occur. Across these examples, you can see our unique capabilities of both being a technology powerhouse, along with our industry and functional expertise from strategy and consulting to technology, to managing services -- managed services to help our clients reinvent. Now let's turn to generative AI. As a reminder, last quarter we announced a $3 billion investment in AI. While still in the early stages, gen AI technology is maturing rapidly and we believe it will be a significant source of value for us and our clients over time. We now have about 300 projects and I want to share a little color in how this demand is coming through. We have projects across all our industries with banking, public service, consumer goods, and utilities leading an activity. Clients are doing a variety of different types of work from strategy and use case implementations to tech enablement, to scaling, to model customization, tuning and training, to talent and responsible AI. For example, we're working with a multinational telecom company, Telefonica Brazil, also known as Vivo, to deliver a generative AI solution that helps its agents respond quicker to landlords' queries about property rental for network towers. The application quickly reads landlords' queries and proposes a set of actions to help fulfill requests, reducing the time it takes agents to respond. It also structures the response with a set of relevant answers to increase the response quality and ensure all queries are answered in a helpful manner. The solution has already reduced agent response time by 30% and increased the user experience score by 66%. Some of the key ingredients of our success in gen AI are: first, ecosystem partnerships. As always, we are starting with deep relationships and leadership in the ecosystem, from the hyperscalers to the model builders to the startups and academics. It is important to emphasize that we are early in the maturity of gen AI for enterprise, and our depth, experience, and insight on these [plant-forwards] (ph) is essential to guiding our clients. Second, Talent. We start with a deep technical knowledge and understanding of AI and gen AI and blend that with our industry and functional expertise to know how to reinvent across the enterprise, including processes and operating models, bringing together the depth and breadth of our expertise. And that is where Accenture is different, building the bridge from as is to the future. And we have already trained approximately 600,000 of our people in the fundamentals of AI. Now with generative AI, the pace and impact is growing rapidly. And we are now taking a further step to equip more than 250,000 people and using new AI tools equitably, sustainably and without bias. And with investments in our AI Academy focused on deep AI and gen AI specialization, we are also progressing towards our goal of doubling our deeply skilled data and AI practitioners from 40,000 to 80,000. Third, responsible AI is essential. At Accenture, we have an industry-leading responsible AI compliance program, which is embedded in how we use and deliver AI. And we're using the experience and lessons learned by us to help our clients build out their own responsible AI program, which is necessary to address the risks and get the full value from AI. Finally, we are embracing gen AI across our services, developing new cutting-edge tools and solutions, inventing gen AI in the way we work. Our approach takes into account where the technology is today, the need to deploy it responsibly, and the recognition that we do work in highly complex environments. While all companies want to explore and understand gen AI, what we find is that clients who are more mature digitally want to go faster, while others would like to test the waters with proofs of concepts and synthetic data, and others prefer to wait until they have built more of their modern digital core. The extent and pace of this generative AI progression will become more clear over the coming quarters as the technology and the market continue to mature and progress. Now turning to our people, who have made all of this happen. Core to our success is our ability to attract and retain and inspire our outstanding talent. Essential to our success is our robust talent strategy, and in particular, our ability to attract diverse talent and our Net Better Off approach to retaining our great talent. We continue to lead in our ability to attract people with different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived experiences. These differences ensure that we’ve -- have and attract the cognitive diversity to deliver a variety of perspectives, observations, and insights, which are critical to drive the innovation needed to reinvent. Our success is reflected in our being the top-scoring company on the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the second year in a row, and we also earned the number one position on the Refinitiv Global Diversity and Inclusion Index for the fourth time in six years. This index ranks over 15,000 organizations globally and identifies the top 100 publicly traded companies with the most diverse and inclusive workplaces. Our talent strategy includes inspiring and retaining our best talent through our Net Better Off approach. We want our people to feel they are Net Better Off for working at Accenture. This strategy has four dimensions, focusing on people feeling healthy and well, physically, emotionally, and financially, feeling connected with a sense of belonging, feeling their work as purpose and filing feeling they are continuing to build market-relevant skills. This year, for example, our people participated in approximately 40 million training hours, and we were a recipient of the Brandon Hall Gold Award for best benefits, wellness, and well-being programs. Building on our longstanding commitment to the environment, we are pleased to have hit a significant milestone on our path to Net Zero, approaching -- seeing 100% renewable electricity across all of our Accenture offices. I will wrap up with a comment on our work and communities. Vibrant communities are important to our business success, and therefore we continue to prioritize creating value in these communities around the world. For example, Accenture is helping to welcome refugees, recognizing how they enrich our communities with their courage, strength, and talent. In June 2023, on World Refugee Day, we committed to partner with organizations to help skill and support an estimated 16,000 refugee job seekers and migrants and to hire 100 refugees in Europe over the next three years. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '24, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.85 billion to $16.45 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be approximately positive 2.5%, compared to the first quarter of fiscal ‘23 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to positive 2% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘24, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be flat compared to fiscal ‘23. For the full fiscal ‘24, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 2% to 5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘23, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 2%. We expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal '24 GAAP operating margin by 70 basis points and EPS by $0.56. The following guidance for full-year fiscal 2024 excludes these impacts. For adjusted operating margin, we expect fiscal year ‘24 to be 15.5% to 15.7%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal ‘23 results. We expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘23. We expect our full-year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal '24 to be in the range of $11.97 to $12.32 or 3% to 6% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘23 results. For the full fiscal ‘24, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $7.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thank you. Good morning, Julie and Casey, I just wanted to dig in first on CMT, if you don't mind. Just curious there if the challenges are -- have changed at all, has it isolated just a few clients or is it more broad-based? And what's the strategy here to turn demand around? Are you seeing any green shoots there? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Great, thanks Tien-Tsin. So it is broad-based, I mean, we have -- we're seeing it broad-based across the globe and across clients. And we continue to see those challenges. So we do think that it's going to -- we do know that it's going to develop a little bit differently based on markets. The challenges in the U.S. are more difficult. They're more focused on both technology and the technology companies and comms, whereas Europe, it's a little different, the complexion. And so, over the course of the year, we expect that the improvement will come at a little different pace depending on the market. And in terms of how we're addressing it, it's really two-fold. So first of all, we're going to continue to pivot within that industry to areas like helping within the confines of how much they are spending, trying to help them cut costs, working on things like customer service investing in more network capabilities. And what we're also doing is pivoting our business to the higher areas of growth, and you see that with acquisitions, like we did answer technologies and Industry X in the U.S., we did Flutura in India and data and AI. And so we've got a lot of areas of growth and you can see that when you take out CMT with the -- how the rest of our business is growing and it's just going to take a little time to make that pivot and that's why what you're seeing in our guidance is that we're going to build over the year as the actions we're taking to continue to pivot the business play out.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Understood on that one. Thank you. Just my quick follow-up on gen AI, I know the sales doubled there and you went through a lot of good detail. I'm just curious, is it -- are the deal sizes getting larger? Is it pulling through more large projects from what you've seen recently? I'm just curious how that might evolve here as we get into the new fiscal year?
Julie Sweet: Sure, so at this point, and remember, when we give you gen AI numbers, we're being very clear it's pure gen AI, so we're not like, you know, sort of talking about data and all of those things. So the real gen AI projects right now are still in that sort of million dollar-ish on average range. And we expect that's going to continue for a while, right? That’s what we're seeing because there's a lot of experimentation. Now what it's doing though is leading clients to look harder at, well, where do I go faster, right, in terms of the digital core? You know, and so we started seeing a tick up, for example, in data migration, right? But it is still extremely early, but that's how we think it's going to, you know, play out over even the coming year, right, as people get more excited about it and it also points out the challenges. But keep in mind that, you know, implementing gen AI is not like, it's like, it's not easy. Entire environments need to be set up. It's quite complex, actually. So it really plays into our strengths of being able to help them understand what it takes, where their gaps are, and then how to take the next step on the journey to get there, even as we see clients being cautious, they're really focused on help us save money, so we can take those next steps.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. No, it should bode well for Accenture. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to, kind of, follow-up on a couple of questions there. One of the other areas that had seen some strength and seems like it's weakened a little bit has been managed services. Can you talk through, kind of, what's happening there and one of the things that we're also seeing is, hear is -- or hearing is that there's some variation in demand right now, especially geographically, maybe with Europe being a little weaker, but other markets being a little stronger. Can you just give color on managed services and what's happening geographically?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, James, for the question. I will -- maybe I'll start with, just kind of giving you a little bit of color on what we're seeing on managed services as it relates to guidance and just maybe broader guidance kind of overall. So I'll just start with our full-year, right? So we started with our full-year guidance, which is 2% to 5% growth for the year. I think the key part, as Julie mentioned, is that we expect that we're going to build as we go throughout the year. And you can see that in our range for Q1, which starts negative 2 and has 2 at the top end of our range. And then if you look at Q1, for the most part, what we are reflecting in our Q1 guidance is really more the same across the various dimensions of our business that we saw in Q4. And -- but we have a backdrop of a tougher compare in the first quarter of FY ’24, that's our toughest compare for the full-year. And then if you look at the full year, maybe three things to add. From a macro, we're not assuming that there's an improvement in the discretionary spend environment or the macro as we look at the year. The second on your -- to get to the type of work question, we're going to build as we go throughout the year and we see consulting for the full-year being at low-single-digit. And managed services is going to be a healthy mid to high-single-digit growth for the full-year. And then, depending on how the revenue builds, the last point would be on operating margin. We do expect to see more variability in the quarters as we go through fiscal ‘24 on our way to 10 basis points to 30 basis points of expansion for the year. So hopefully that gave you a little bit of color. Julie, if you want to talk a little bit more about specifics in managed services?
Julie Sweet: And what I would say on managed services, managed services continue to be really important for our clients, because it's both a cost play, but also a faster digitization play. But it will play out a little bit. So, for example, at Accenture, right, we've got trust and safety and other managed services in the CMT. And so that's going to affect some of our results depending on the quarter and the compare and how things kind of roll out. So that's why what we're thinking about next year will be somewhere in the mid to high-single-digits, but we don't see a fundamental issue around managed services. In fact, we think they are a really strategic priority for many of our clients, but it will play out a little bit differently based on industries. We see less of it based on sort of market per se because clients really need the managed services.
James Faucette: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up, can you talk a little bit about your inorganic strategy, just what contribution has been, and particularly in light of the increased capital return program for ‘24, if we should anticipate that that will have any impact on what you guys historically have done from an inorganic contribution? Thanks.
KC McClure: Sure. In terms of inorganic contribution, for ‘23, it was about 2% was the inorganic contribution and for ‘24, James, we're considering another about 2% in ‘24.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And, look, on our inorganic strategy remember that the way we think about it is, can we get into new areas through our inorganic, like what we did with Anser Advisory and Industry X, which is capital products. It's basically we're very small there before the acquisition, that's an $80 billion addressable market. So that's an acquisition to start to grow there. We think about it as being important to invest in our industry and functional expertise. So in France this year, we -- this last quarter, we did an insurance acquisition in strategy and consulting. And we think about it in terms of scale. So we bought a data and AI practice in terms -- in India this quarter. And so as we are pivoting to the higher areas of growth right now, a real advantage we have is the ability to leverage our investment capacity in order to do that pivot. And of course we're -- right now, we're kind of assuming 2%, but we have the ability to do more if we have the right opportunities. And so we really do think about this as a huge competitive advantage in our industry, in our ability to drive growth and to be in the hot areas of the market.
James Faucette: That's great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I might start on the business optimization program. Can you just give a little bit more detail in terms of what -- where exactly you are, what's completed, what remains in 2024, and maybe a little bit of more detail on how we should expect that impact to sequence in throughout fiscal ‘24? And then just remind us whether that's then the end of it and we should expect to kind of move back toward GAAP reporting at the end of ‘24?
Julie Sweet: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. So just in terms of -- just as a reminder, so we -- when we announced our business optimization program, we said it would be about $1.5 billion, and that would go through FY ‘24. So we still are saying $1.5 billion through FY ‘24. As it relates to next year, right, we expect to incur approximately $450 million. We were -- we did record $1.1 billion in FY ‘23, which is a little bit more than we expected to do in ‘23. So we were able to get a bit more into the P&L in last fiscal year '23. And I'm happy to go through the impacts on EPS, but you saw that it will be a $0.56 impact on EPS for ‘24, and I'm happy to go through some of the questions that you have. Yes. And also as we go throughout the year, the two -- we take the business optimization out of our results as we go throughout the quarters, so that doesn't -- that's not their driver for why we'll have more margin variability as we go throughout the year. And we'll see how it plays out. It really depends on the countries and different things that we have to go through in terms of process and procedures. And so we're not giving an update as we go throughout the year on the full-year estimate, but we're not breaking that up by quarter.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay, okay. Great, thank you. And then maybe my follow-up, just to -- a quick follow-up on the managed services question, maybe just a little bit taking a step back, Julie, I think over the last few quarters, as we've been seeing some of the softness in strategy and consulting and this shorter duration discretionary work, you've been highlighting pretty consistently that has not really bled over into the larger transformation programs. And I just wanted to kind of ask if you could kind of update us on the latest you're seeing on that given that we saw a little bit of a slowdown in some of the managed services bookings this quarter. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean, what I would say is that overall -- first of all, the large transformational programs include managed services, but they also include building, like so putting new modern ERP programs in place, right? So it's not only kind of managed services just to kind of set the stage for that. And just as you think about the fundamentals, because we think of the transformation deals, managed services are often a way to pay for them. They're often also a way to go faster and modernize, but we really look at those transformational programs in the round. So when you think about the fundamentals that our clients are facing, there is more reinvention ahead than they have done so far. So huge opportunity ahead. And you see that in where they are in the cloud journey, only 40% workloads, right? We estimate less than 10% of our clients are mature in data and AI. Only a third have put in the modern ERP programs. And so as you think about what they have to do, managed services will continue to play a huge role in paying for it and in actually modernizing much of it, as well the other big implementations. We do see, however, right, when you kind of go to the market-- and by the way, that's why we're super well positioned, right? Our strategy is to be that partner and then reinvention begets more, right? So you first build the digital core and then you've got a lot of work on top of that. And that is our growth strategy. Now, if you come to what we're seeing in the market, right? So always best to hear from what's going on in the ground. Last week, I was very busy and I was with about 20 different CEOs and they had three messages, right? Tech is super important, that's number one. Number two, they already have major programs underway and they know they need to do a lot more. But number three is they're feeling cautious about the macro and we've already seen that in the small deals. But they're asking us to help them save money and be more focused right now, even on the bigger programs. And so what I would say is and that's reflected in our guidance is that, the macro is having an effect on the pace of spending right now. Now, again, plays into our strengths in terms of being able to be the reinvention partner, being able to really think about the journey and positions us super well as they navigate that macro. But that is -- the reality is that there is this sense of caution and it's bleeding over to kind of overall, overall demands.
KC McClure: Right. And Lisa, maybe I'll just add, bookings can be lumpy, particularly in managed services. And we look at bookings -- book to bill over rolling four quarters and our goal in managed services is to be 1.2 or above. And that's exactly where we are on a four-quarter basis.
Lisa Ellis: Great. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Keith Bachman with BMO.
Keith Bachman: Hi, thank you very much. I wanted to ask -- go back to M&A if I could start with you, Julie. You're guiding to 2 points of M&A contribution to your full-year guidance which is consistent with sort of the past years, but the number here much bigger. 2 points is meaningfully than what it was even three or four years ago in terms of, A, the capital required to do those deals; and B, the integration therefore of the head count? And I just wanted to hear your, kind of, philosophically, it doesn't seem like 2 points can continue on for perpetuity, but just how do you think about any, kind of, balance sheet constraints or also the integration required to make sure the people side of the business -- because again, implicitly the deals are getting larger. And then as part of that, could you just speak to -- do you look at the same size deals or do you need to kind of flex up a little bit in terms of looking at larger opportunities? And then I have a follow up. Sorry about the background noise.
KC McClure: No problem, Keith. Thanks, I'll handle the capital allocation part and I'll hand it over to Julie. So just from a capital allocation standpoint, Julie referenced this a little bit earlier, but our capital allocation framework is really durable, but it is also very flexible. So we've been able to continue to return a significant portion of our cash through dividends and share repurchases. Well over the time we've been flexing at various times the amount of money that we spend in V&A and we can continue with that framework. So just again as a focus, we had about 80% of our free cash flow return to shareholders through dividends and repurchases in FY ‘23 and we actually have a $500 million, $0.5 billion increase in our guidance baked in for next year. So just shows that our capital allocation framework can flex as needed while still doing a great return.
Julie Sweet: And what I would say is that I'm really proud that how we do M&A is a core competency of Accenture, right? So we've now been on this journey. I helped start it when I was the general counsel. I remember that was -- I came in and they were like, we kind of need to increase this and I've done a lot of that in my prior life and what you see is that, as we've grown, we've continued to build the capabilities. We have a very mature machine around integration, but we also have an operating model where we have leaders close to the acquisitions, doing the integration. And they really do vary from very small to larger ones. We've done over $1 billion and we could do even bigger ones with our capital. The point is that, we know how to integrate and we've been doing this now for many, many years.
Keith Bachman: Okay, fair enough and thank you, Julie. My follow-up is just how do you think about headcount for Accenture through the year? You're just kind of finishing off your risk, but how do you think about headcount as we process through FY ‘24 and I'm really thinking on an organic basis, excluding the M&A. Many thanks and that's it for me.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Keith. Really what I would say is managing supply and demand. As you know, it's a core competency of ours and we're going to manage our supply skills based on wherever we see the growth. So we didn't expect that we would need to add a lot of people in -- from Q3 to Q4 as we said and that's exactly what happened. And so we're going to continue to hire for the skills that we need and we're going to focus on the automation and as Julie mentioned, the lot of re-skilling of our people.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. I just wanted to ask in terms of visibility that you'd say you have now in the environment relative to prior years on the outlook side. I mean, has anything changed and just maybe if you could reiterate for us where you're seeing the pockets of strength in a little bit more of a specific manner around example that customers need right now that might be -- that might buck the trend of what you typically see in a downturn macroeconomically. Just curious kind of what's fighting through the demand weakness no matter what just because it's really mission critical right now. Thanks again.
KC McClure: Yes. Great, thanks, Darrin. In terms of visibility, right, as we sit here at the beginning of a new fiscal year, as -- we're really confident that we're taking all the right steps to successfully deliver for a full-year and as you know well, we always aim for the top part of the range. But just like every other year at this time, the back half of the year is less certain, because we'll know more when the budgets are set which is really in the back -- which is in the H2 of our year. But as we mentioned, we are going to build throughout the year and why do we say that? Well, first of all, we're confident in the steps that we're taking that Julie highlighted many examples to pivot to the higher growth areas. And we expect that we'll see that come through in the back half of the year and that's also backed up by the investments that we'll make. The second part is that we do have the revenue from the larger scale transformations. It is out there, right? And so we just need to layer in some of the new growth area work that we'll get to as we approach the back half of the year. And the last part, as you're aware, I mean, we do have the benefit of each year comparison in the back half.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And then in terms of demand, it's exactly what we've been talking about. The number one area of demand is building that digital core. So you've got clients like the financial service client I mentioned in the script that's not in the cloud at all and is basically needing to migrate to the cloud, right? Then you've got those who are in the cloud but they haven't modernized their ERP. You saw a lot of examples of that. Then you've got security, right? Absolutely has to happen. And then lots of focus on now on data and AI, particularly for those who've already been investing, so they're in the cloud, they've got their modern ERP, and now they want to really accelerate AI. So what's not happening, right, is discretionary spend globally as we saw throughout the year, starting in North America, people are not doing smaller systems integration. They're not doing smaller strategy and consulting, they're prioritizing and focusing on larger deals. And even there, there's prioritizing, especially depending on the industry where you've got more challenges to say, can we -- we've got a lot underway, we're cautious about the environment, so help us Accenture cut costs, so we can afford all of the reinvention ahead of us and help us prioritize what we start next. And that's kind of the overall, sort of, more cautious spending. But I just want to reemphasize, nothing has changed about the fact that our clients have more ahead of them than behind them in terms of building the digital core and then using it to reinvent. And we're the only one in our industry that can both build the technology and at this scale have the industry and the functional expertise to then be positioned to help them use that technology to reinvent. So we are super optimistic about this industry in our position.
Darrin Peller: That makes sense, Julie. And just -- I guess, as a follow-up to that, the ramp time, you know, you talked about a billion dollars investment in AI last time, and we've obviously seen some evidence of success, but early days still. So now that you've had the luxury of a few more months, the ramp time you'd expect to see that really become a much, much bigger part of the business. Can you just quickly touch on that again? This is around AI and generative AI. Thanks, [Indiscernible].
Julie Sweet: I'm sure -- my team are going to love the luxury of a few more months. You know, so thank you for that, I'm going to tell them that. See you guys, you've had a few more months. So look, as I talked a little bit about in our script, we're still learning. Remember, these are like, you know, a million dollar sort of things. We're starting tom, you know, look at our -- work it in our own delivery. So it's going to take a few more quarters till I've really got a well-informed view of that. But what I will say is, gen AI is an amazing technology. It's going to do great things. And what I tell all my clients, can't use it unless you're in the cloud, have data, and you've, you know, modernized your core. So that's our opportunity.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to pick up on your earlier comment, I think you said that you're not assuming any improvement in discretionary spending in the overall environment there during F ‘24. So I know you guys typically start the year with a relatively conservative approach to guidance that certainly served you quite well in fiscal ‘23. So against that backdrop, can you tell us a little bit about what you're thinking regarding growth for each of the three business dimensions in F ‘24?
Julie Sweet: Yes. So, Jason, let me just kind of give you a little bit more color on guidance, right? So, as we mentioned, we're not assuming in our guidance any improvement in the macro discretionary spend, but we're going to pivot two years of growth. So the macro is going to be kind of this, you know, it's not going to help us or hurt us this year is kind of what really essentially what we're saying. In terms of, you know, color, I'll kind of stick to what we have in the type of work, maybe is the best way of thinking about it. And again, I think just consulting, it's going to build as we go throughout the year. And overall, I think, it's important to know that we are going to build in this environment. We're going to build as we go throughout the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, and then on -- just on bookings, any thoughts on the first quarter or the full-year? I know there's some seasonal elements that typically consider in the November quarter? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure. So let me just talk about maybe a little bit of bookings. You know, in bookings, we're going to start with the fourth quarter. I mean, if did come in a little bit lighter than we expected, and they can be lumpy, and we saw some deals, kind of, push out. Of the quarter, when it came to small deals, we didn't see any change in the discretionary spend environment. And just to reiterate that we're really pleased with the 21 clients that we had, over $100 million. Julie talked about that, if just reinforces our strategy to be the client's transformational partner of choice and to be at their core. And lastly, as it relates to ‘23, you know, we look at bookings that we're rolling for quarters and I mentioned this on managed services, but just overall we're at a 1.1 book to bill, which I'm really pleased about for the fourth quarters. And then for next year, looking at ‘24 Q1, you're right, it's seasonally a little lighter for us. However, we have a solid pipeline and we do expect that FY ’24 Q1 bookings will reflect growth over FY ’23 Q1.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Katie O'Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that question will come from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Mr. Keane, your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Wanted to just follow up on strategy and consulting. I know that that was an area that we were hoping at one point during the year that it was going to turn back to positive growth by the fourth quarter. And then I know we didn't think that was going to happen as of last quarter. So I'm just curious, as we go through the year into fiscal year '24, when do you think S&C might turn towards positive growth?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So, look, in terms of our full year range, at the top end of our full year range, which again, always where we try to be, it does reflect S&C reconnecting with growth, and that clearly is our goal. Now when -- really the pace is going to differ by market, right, so it's hard to tell exactly when it will be throughout the year. Of course, we'll update you as we go through. And North America is our biggest market, it will be a bit more challenged.
Bryan Keane: Got it. I'll leave it there because I know we're at the end of the call. Thanks so much.
Katie O'Conor: Thanks so much. Take care.
Julie Sweet: All right. In closing, I really do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors what they do every day, which is truly extraordinary and gives us a lot of confidence in the future. And I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. I assure you, we are working hard every day to continue to earn it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this conference is available for replay beginning at 10 AM Eastern time today and running through December 19 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 5848756. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847, with the access code of 5848756. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T event conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-06-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O’Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announced. As the operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market position before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the call. During our call today, we will reinforce certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today, and thank you to our people around the world for their dedication and commitment, which is how we are able to consistently deliver 360 degree value for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Turning to the quarter, I will start with the financials. While the macro environment continues to be uncertain overall, in Q3 we delivered solid revenue and sales with very strong profitability and very strong free cash flow, while continuing to significantly invest in our business. Now getting into the highlights, we had bookings of $17.2 billion, including 26 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, bringing the total year to date 85, which is 11 more than the same time last year. We delivered revenues of $16.6 billion, representing 5% growth with North America growing 2%, Europe at 7% and growth markets at 9%, all in local currency, bringing us to $48.1 billion of revenue at 10% growth fiscal year to date. Revenues were impacted by lower than expected small deal sales, especially in strategy and consulting and systems integration and lower than expected results in the communications, media and high-tech industry group for the quarter. Excluding [CMT] (ph), our business grew 8% globally, 7% in North America, 9% in Europe and 10% in growth market in local currency. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points, grew adjusted EPS 14% over last year and delivered free cash flow of $3.1 billion. And over the past 11 quarters we have operated at 91% or higher utilization, leveraging our digital enterprise to connect our sales, staffing, hiring and skill needs to make proactive real time decisions. We are on track with the business optimization actions to lower costs in fiscal 2024 and beyond, while continuing to significantly invest in our business with five acquisitions in strategic areas this quarter, bringing the total investment in acquisitions year to date to $1.3 billion. We invested in Cloud, Data and AI with the acquisition Nextira in North America, Objectivity in the UK and Einr in Norway. We also invested in sustainability with the acquisition of Green Domus in Brazil and in modern ERP services with Bourne Digital in Australia. We continued to take market share growing about two times the market. Now turning to other aspects of the 360 degree value we delivered this quarter. We continue to invest in learning for our people with 9 million training hours in the quarter, representing an average of 13 hours per person, giving them the skills to grow as our clients' needs evolve. We're incredibly pleased that we were recognized as a top 10 place to work in seven countries. Argentina, Brazil, Chile, India, Mexico, the Philippines and the U. S. Collectively, these countries represent nearly 70% of people. Vibrant communities are important for our business success and digital scaling helps ensure vibrant communities thrive. In collaboration with L'Oreal and our NGO partner, [Shambu] (ph) Foundation, we are supporting women in India to build digital literacy skills alongside the technical skills needed to access jobs in the beauty industry. Together, we have collectively created sustainable livelihoods for 2,500 women across 10 states in India, accelerating equality, delivering social impact in the community and continuing our commitment to embed diversity and inclusion in everything we do. Finally, this year we are proud to earn the number 22 position on [Brand Z's] (ph) prestigious top 100 most valuable global brands list, our highest rank today. Over to you KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our third quarter results and we are on track to deliver or exceed all aspects of our guidance provided in September on an adjusted basis. Now let me summarize a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 5% local currency, driven by high single or double digit growth in seven of our 13 industries. While we've been highlighting the pressures in our CMT industry group all year, this quarter the revenue was lower than expected with a decline of 8% in local currency. We delivered adjusted EPS in the quarter of $3.19, reflecting 14% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin was 16.3%, an increase of 20 basis points over Q3 last year and includes continued significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.1 billion and returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Year to date, we have invested $1.3 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 20 transactions. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $17.2 billion for the quarter, representing growth of 4% in local currency with an overall book to bill of 1.0. We were very pleased with our 26 clients with quarterly bookings over $100 million. Consulting bookings were $8.9 billion with a book to bill of 1. Managed services were $8.3 billion with a book to bill of 1.1. Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $16.6 billion, a 3% increase in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of approximately 2.5% compared to the approximately 3.5% headwind provided in our business outlook last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.7 billion, a decline of 4% in U.S. dollars and 1% local currency. We see the same level of consulting decline in Q4. Managed services revenues were $7.9 billion, up 10% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services grew high single digits. Operations grew double digits and we expect high single digit growth in Q4. Strategy and consulting declined high single digits this quarter and we see declines continuing in Q4. Regarding our market share, we extended our leadership position with growth estimated to be about two times the market which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Now as a reminder, we assess market growth against our investable basket which is roughly two dozen of our closest global public company competitors, which represents about third of our addressable market. We used a consistent methodology to compare our financial results and theirs, adjusted to exclude the impact of significant acquisitions through the date of their last publicly available results. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 2% in local currency driven by growth in Public Service for our U.S. federal business, Health and Utilities. These increases were partially offset by declines in Communications and Media, High-tech, Software and Platforms and Banking and Capital Markets. In Europe, revenue grew 7% local currency, led by growth in Banking and Capital Markets, Industrial and Public Service. Revenue growth was driven by Italy, Germany and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 9% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in Public Service, Chemicals and Natural Resources and Banking and Capital Markets. Revenue growth was driven by Japan. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.4% compared with 32.9% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% compared to 10.3% for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.5% compared to 6.5% for the same quarter last year. Before I continue, I want to note that in Q3 we recorded $347 million in costs associated with the business optimization actions we announced last quarter, which decreased operating margin by 210 basis points and EPS by $0.42. This quarter, we also recognized a gain in our investment in Duck Creek Technologies, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.38. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Adjusted operating income was $2.7 billion in the third quarter and adjusted 16.3% operating margin, an increase of 20 basis points from operating margin in the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 24% compared with an effective tax rate of 27.1% for the third quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.19 compared with diluted EPS of $2.79 in the third quarter last year. Days source outstanding were 42 days compared to 42 days last quarter and 44 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3.1 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.3 billion net of property and equipment additions of $142 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $8.5 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.8 million shares for $789 million at an average price of [$279.65] (ph) per share. As of May 31, we had approximately $3.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $708 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on August, a 15% increase over last year. So in closing, we remain committed to delivering on our long-standing financial objectives, growing faster than the market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion and stronger earnings, while at the same time, investing at scale for long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to shareholders. Now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet : Thank you, KC. As we look at demand in our larger deals, we continue to see two common themes that I've highlighted before. First, the rapid rise of generative AI interest among our clients highlights yet again that all strategies lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. And second, companies remain focused on total enterprise reinvention as they execute compressed transformation to achieve lower costs, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. Now let me give you more color on the quarter to bring this to life. Starting with the digital core, our cloud momentum continues with very strong double-digit growth in Q3 as clients priorities building a strong and secure foundation for reinvention. We have been working with ENI, a global energy company for more than 30 years. Now we are helping them as they continue their hybrid cloud transformation and embark on a total enterprise reinvention strategy with a focus on sustainability, digital transformation and security. We are managing their IT infrastructure and telecommunications integration and helping implement new operating models, all hosted in the ENI green data center, one of the largest data bunkers in the industry to securely hold the company's data. The ENI green data center houses one of the most powerful nongovernmental supercomputers in the world, enabling the highest use of data across the value chain from exploration and production to the energy of the future. New operating models will help exploit the full value of data, AI and cybersecurity for faster adoption of new business processes. This transformation is the first step toward creating a secure digital core that will accelerate ENI's energy transition, drive innovation in AI and R&D and build even greater resilience. Clients are also working with us to do multifaceted compressed transformation that utilize all of our deep industry and functional expertise in our SNC services, along with our outstanding technology services. We are helping DuPont, a global multi-industrial specialty products company with a compressed transformation to standardize their finance processes and achieve operational excellence. Building on our trusted relationship of over 35 years, we are now supporting our client with its strategic pivot to innovation-based growth across electronics, sustainable water and protection solutions, industrial technologies and next-generation automotive. We've been supporting their transformation to an agile cloud-based IT infrastructure to maximize data access, drive efficiency and modernize their landscape. Our work with DuPont is focused on achieving greater resilience, reducing costs and increasing revenue growth and shaping its portfolio through M&A with industry-leading innovation for long-term success. With companies expanding their digital footprint and cyber risk widening security continues to rise in importance as a fundamental part of the digital core with very strong double-digit growth in Q3. We are working with a food and beverage company to strengthen their cybersecurity and prevent vulnerabilities along the supply chain. Building on previous operations transformation work, we are now providing managed security services, which will cover perimeter security, detection and response as well as threat intelligence and monitoring dark web activities. We also will provide day-to-day identity, data and privacy management, helping provide a holistic security approach for our client. We're helping a global universal bank future-proof their cryptographic landscape and corresponding risks for over 1,000 applications, procedures and data. Based on the analysis, we will develop and implement an end-to-end mitigation strategy, including evaluation of solution vendor strategies, mitigation principles as well as change management procedures. We will also design and implement post-quantum methods and new architecture blueprints, which will help scale the solution, all to help the bank achieve post-quantum computing readiness. Our Managed Services continued to grow double digits in Q3, demonstrating the relevance of our approach to run, digitize and transform our clients' operations. We're providing a global health care and insurance company with managed services to help run its complex claims and membership processes. As part of our long-standing relationship with the company, we will improve the efficiency and quality of these tasks and simplify the customer journey, ensuring members can easily access the support they need when they need it. Its employees will now have more time to focus on boosting customer satisfaction by better serving its millions of customers around the world. A new cost solution has also been introduced to determine fair and accurate pricing for the company when purchasing services and products from vendors to reduce costs across the business. We recently worked with a major media brand to launch a streaming platform that will help attract new subscribers, expanding their content portfolio and power-targeted broadcasting and advertising offerings, all while lowering costs. We helped engineer aspects of the new platform from the content supply chain to the player experience, ensuring that customers have a seamless viewing experience across all devices and platforms and enabling the company to use data insights to continually enhance its platform. We delivered the program as part of a managed services arrangement, demonstrating the industry and engineering innovation that we bring to help clients reinvent their business with cloud, data and AI. As clients continue to reimagine and prioritize customer experience, Song experienced strong double-digit growth again in Q3. We are partnering with Virgin Media O2, a British media and telecommunications company to reimagine their customer experience. Accenture Song will design a new, more predictive and personalized customer journey, enabled by an AI-powered cloud-based digital core. Customer care journeys will be omnichannel, combining customer calls, chat and instant messaging to increase first-time resolution and upselling, leading to greater customer satisfaction. We also will deploy our managed services capabilities to support contact center activity using AI to provide timely agent assistance and route calls intelligently to drive precision and reduce call volume. Our work will help build brand loyalty supporting Virgin Media O2's mission to be a more customer-first business. We see continued demand for our Industry X capabilities, which grew strong double [indiscernible]. We are working with one of the world's leading consumer products companies on a transformation of its manufacturing practices to achieve energy savings. We are developing a comprehensive program to collect and analyze energy consumption data from their production plans and use data-driven analytics to identify energy savings and greenhouse gas reduction opportunities. We are also helping to track energy efficiency gains and deliver value through operational improvements in the manufacturing process. As clients progress on their total enterprise reinvestment journeys, talent is at the forefront. We are working with an international consumer goods and services provider in the European market on a digital transformation of its core human resources organization and talent acquisition processes. We will design and implement an approach that includes program management, process design, training and development and additional services. Together, we will create greater efficiencies in the human resources function, leading to a data-driven culture focused on better employee experiences. Now stepping back, our strategy is to be at the center of our clients' business and help them continuously reinvent themselves to reach new levels of performance and to set themselves apart as leaders in their industries. And our clients are at different starting points. All are interested in AI, and particularly generative AI. But most recognize the work ahead of them to get their data, people and processes ready for AI. To reinvent requires a strong modern digital core. And as they embark on this journey, clients are looking to us for unmatched global scale, deep industry and functional knowledge, breadth of services from strategy and consulting to technology to managed services. With that context, I want to turn to generative AI and AI more broadly. No previous technology wave has captured the intention of leaders and the general public as fast as gen AI. We are now embarking on the age of AI, and companies will need to reinvent how they operate with AI at the core. And it is also early. Think of it as the cloud over a decade ago. Foundation models and products based on them are still maturing with many products announced but fewer at the general availability stage and ready for wide deployment. And with our position as the largest partner with most of the major technology companies, we are at the center of helping our clients navigate their choices in the evolving landscape. We've been investing in AI for years. And so while it is early days, we see generative AI as a key piece of the digital core and a big catalyst for even bigger and bolder total enterprise reinvention going forward. In fact, in a survey of global executives that we completed just last week, 97% of executives said gen AI will be transformative to their company and industry and 67% of organizations are planning to increase their level of spending in technology are prioritizing investments in data and AI. Our approach to AI is clear. Just as we have successfully done with cloud, we are investing to take an early lead and position for the opportunity ahead. Last week, we announced a $3 billion investment in AI, a big step to accelerate our clients' reinvention journey, which includes us doubling our data and AI workforce from 40,000 to 80,000 strong, including the expansion of our center for advanced AI that today has over 1,600 generative AI experts bringing new assets such as our AI navigator for enterprise to life and developing new GenAI-powered industry solutions. And across this all, we are leading with responsible AI to be the most trusted source in helping our clients mitigate the risks as they drive value. And this isn't just about tomorrow. We have sold over 100 generative AI products -- projects over the last four months. Let me give you a flavor of these across a few industries. We are working with Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, a Japan-based subsidiary of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings to improve customer service by using generative AI and simplify operations for accident response. The generative AI solution will draw from the company's knowledge base, including policy causes and related laws and regulations, which will generate appropriate response plans in a timely manner, dramatically improving the accuracy and speed of explanations to customers. We're working with a global broadcast company to explore how generative AI can be used to drive audience engagement and growth through deeper and more personalized customer experiences. Together, we recently launched testing that leverages generative AI and large language models to explore how we can automatically create content for the company's customer-facing platforms. The content will help enhance engagement, grow the consumer base across new coverage areas and channels. We believe it will demonstrate how generative AI can be used to create content at scale for a wide variety of experiences and events. We are working with [Linda Basel] (ph) Industries, a leader in the chemicals industry to increase its enterprise data and analytic capabilities and help unlock new value. We will develop a strategic data-led digital transformation program across multiple parts of their business and embed new capabilities in areas like sustainability, customer data, digital manufacturing and generative AI to drive more insightful and predictive decision-making. Companies are coming to us for help with the strategy in the business case to understand how and where to apply AI, and gen AI specifically, to get their digital core in shape, to help assess which ecosystem partners and models to use, to rewire their processes to be AI-driven, to upgrade and reskill their talent with new ways of working and to navigate the risks and challenges responsibly. In short, we believe clients need our full range of services and we are well positioned to be the leading trusted AI partner for the enterprise as they move from exploration to experimentation to reinvention. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure : Thanks, Julie. Now turning to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.75 billion to $16.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about flat compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 and reflects an estimated 2% to 6% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal 2023, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 4% compared to fiscal 2022. For the full fiscal 2023, we now expect revenue to be in the range of 8% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal 2022, which assumes an inorganic contribution of about 2%. We continue to expect business optimization costs of $800 million in fiscal 2023 to reduce EPS by $0.96. The gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies will increase EPS by $0.38. Our guidance for full year 2023 excludes these impacts. For adjusted op margin, we now expect fiscal year 2023 to be 15.4%, a 20 basis point expansion over fiscal 2022 results. We now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal 2022. We now expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal 2023 to be in the range of $11.52 to $11.63 or 8% to 9% growth over fiscal 2022 results. For the full fiscal 2023, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion. We now expect property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8.1 billion to $8.6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O’Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Let's dive in on the Strategy and Consulting. I know it was a high single-digit decline this quarter just looking back at your comments from last quarter. I think that came in a little bit softer than you expected, but then also called out many new projects coming in related to gen AI and other technologies. Can you just talk a little bit about kind of what's changed, what that evolution looks like and kind of what's your confidence level in the time horizon that we'll see Strategy and Consulting improve over the next couple of quarters? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Thanks, Lisa. So I'll first give some color on that. So, the big difference in our expectations from last quarter and where we ended up really was all in the small deals. And we saw a further -- they came in lower than, and we saw that extend to Europe and the Growth Markets. Now that was both in S&C and systems integration. But that's the big reason that we have a difference in sort of where we thought where we would be this quarter. Now our job is to continue to pivot to higher -- where there is higher growth, and we're working on that in digital manufacturing, supply chain, data and AI. But that will take a little time. And what we're seeing is that, there's a lot of extensions going on in small deals, but it's the newer small projects, while at the same time, we continue to have very strong bookings and interest and huge opportunity in transformation. So I think our clients are kind of holding back on the small stuff and doing the bigger stuff, which obviously converts to revenue differently. But you see where Strategy and Consulting makes a big difference there, like in the DuPont example that I gave in the script where you have to have so much expertise in the industry, as well as the functions, as well as technology. What that means is that, it is going to take a little while for the turnaround. And we're not going to go to next year because we really want to see how Q4 evolves, and KC will give a little bit of color on how we are thinking about our Q4. And what I would also say is that, things like gen AI are a big opportunity, but it is early. So we did in the last four months 100 projects. That represents about $100 million in sales. That's kind of the average size of those projects where it is. And so, we're going to continue to pivot there, but it just takes a little bit of time. So why don't I let KC give you a little color on how we're thinking about Q4.
KC McClure: Yes. Great. Thanks, Julie. Yes. So let me just kind of maybe step back and look at Q4 and the overall guidance for the full year. So first, I did mention this, but I just want to -- just reiterate that we are on track for our business optimization actions. So we're going to do about $800 million of cost for the full year 2023. Additional color is that, for Q4, as we look at bookings, we think they'll be about the same as what we did in Q3 of this year and have about the same complexion. Julie talked a bit about small deals. What I will tell you in terms of our revenue guidance for Q4, which is 2% to 6%. At the top end of our revenue guidance, that reflects some improvement in small deal performance, while the bottom end allows for some further deterioration. And we commented also in our scripts about CMT. And so, within our overall range of 2% to 6%, we do allow for CMT to get a little bit worse. And then lastly, to bring it on home as it relates to North America, because these two factors do impact North America performance in the context of our overall 2% to 6% range for the quarter. North America, which was 2% growth this quarter, it would likely be flat around the midpoint of our guidance range and it reflects a slight decline at the bottom of our range. And as Julie mentioned, obviously, we will give you more color, as I always do on next year when we get into September, and we'll see how Q4 plays out.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. And then maybe for my follow-up, maybe a more strategic question. I mean, Julie, you talked a lot about gen AI in the prepared remarks, particularly around the revenue opportunities that you're seeing in your clients. But can you give your view on how you see gen AI impacting the IT services industry overall? Like a lot of people make an analogy to sort of the impact of offshoring on the industry and sort of other big sort of step function changes to the operations and the kind of composition and the way IT services is done. Can you kind of give your latest perspective on that, how you see it affecting Accenture and your industry more broadly? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Yes. And I think another good analogy actually, maybe even less so than the offshore is more about like SaaS, right? Because you remember when we talked about when SaaS came, what would be the opportunities. And there was a lot of worry about how SaaS would interrupt IT services. And obviously, it's been just a huge opportunity. So I think, Lisa, if you think about this, so obviously a big opportunity for us to help our clients. We see it as two other areas of opportunities. So the first is help our clients, big opportunity. The second is, the opportunity for us to improve the delivery of services to our clients, right? Now what is -- and that, we think, is a huge opportunity for us. So think about it first. In context of Managed Services every year, right, we have to find at least 10% of productivity. So we talk a lot about our platform, things like myWizard and that. That's all AI-enabled. Like just year-to-date in operations, not using gen AI, right, we have automated 13,000 jobs and then we've reskilled those people and redeployed them. Our business model requires us to get at least 10% productivity year in and year out. As we're kind of getting to the maturity of automation and AI before generative AI, we see generative AI as our ability to continue to give at least that 10% productivity year in and year out. So in the managed services area, we see that more as the ability to continue doing what we have to do as kind of the next generation of technology. Where we're super excited is in software development that is more around our systems integration and our big transformations around platforms because while we do automate there, we think gen AI may provide a real opportunity to do even more. And remember, our strategy is to deliver compressed transformation. So the more that we can find ways to deliver faster and less costly, that's going to be a big differentiator. So we're leaning in hard. At the same time, these technologies are [indiscernible] early. And so for example, we're doing a lot of experimentation now. It's really good for things like documentation, but complex integrations, being able to use them for highly architectured systems, which is what our large enterprises do. GenAI isn't there yet, right? So think it's going to take some time. We also don't yet know the cost. And one of the things we are really -- a lot of clients are looking at for us to help them with the business case because most of the studies, including our own, are all about what potentially uses of it. But because these products aren't out yet, we know that -- it's much more expensive to use gen AI, it's much more energy efficient. And so the actual ROI, so there's the art of the possible, but what's actually the return, it's still really early days. So we're very excited that we can get new kinds of productivity, particularly on things like consulting and systems integration but it's early days yet. And we are leaning in because we think it's a big opportunity for us to differentiate. And that's why we are investing $3 billion over the next three years because we think this is like another cloud first moment where we were out early, we invested at scale. The last thing I would say is, there's also an opportunity for us to use it in our own enterprise. And of course, we like -- part of our strategy is to be our own best credential. And we're prioritizing it, using it wherever we think we can use it for us and then take it to market to help our clients. So overall, we think that like prior big changes, right, first, the change to cloud, right, and before that to servers, that it always creates new opportunities as long as you have the ability to invest, like we do, you've got leading partnerships, we've just announced yesterday expanded partnerships with all of the three big cloud providers; and you have that agile innovation mindset that says embrace change and move fast.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you and good morning both. I guess…
Julie Sweet: Good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi. Can you hear me?
Julie Sweet: Yes.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Sorry. I was hoping that you could provide a little bit more information. I know you said that you'll comment specifically on fiscal 2024 after -- in September as you normally do. But that seems to be one of the primary questions that people are asking. So more about the framework of how you're going about the planning process for that, just given that there are so many moving parts when we kind of think of macro, when we think of AI, when we think of headcount trends, the tough comps in the first half. Maybe just kind of framework that for us and that would be quite helpful.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So just a few things, Ashwin. So first of all, the most important thing right now just as a framework is, stay close to our clients, and really understand. And the thing is, our clients do need ways to get value in the short term as well as to transform. And so, we're working hard on finding new ways to get value to them faster. That's where the gen AI, for example, comes in. And so, over the next quarter, we're going to be developing new opportunities, new campaigns, new ways of pushing out our investments in gen AI to help us address the small deal pressure that we're seeing. We don't have a crystal ball that is going to say what the economy is going to do, how fast clients are going to get comfortable. Because you remember, we saw this over this quarter to more industries, including industries that are doing well. There's just a level of caution right now. And so, how we're looking at it is certain things we can't control, focus on not only doing the big large transformational deals, but finding new ways to develop returns faster, which is why the work we're doing on gen AI is so important. And you're seeing that kind of early focus with 100 projects in four months. So we're going to keep doing that. Secondly is, stay focused on those transformational deals, right? This provides a base level of resilience in our business. So we've got to absolutely try to do -- maximize the small deals, but it is really important that we continue to be the transformation partner of choice. And that is where bringing together all of these services and making sure that we've got the right proposition is super important. So that is a core part of our strategy. And so that's really how we're thinking about it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you for that. And I guess the next question is with regard to hiring expectations. And there's a near-term aspect to that and the longer term so let me ask both. Near term, just kind of given what you said with regards to macro and so on and, of course, the headcount cuts announced a couple of quarters back, what should we expect in the next one or two quarters? And the longer-term question is, with AI, do you think that headcount growth dissociates from rev growth trends over time?
Julie Sweet: Let me just take the second one first, right, is, again -- and we've been talking about this for years, right, because AI has been such a big part of our strategy and automation, right, is that we will continue to manage it just like I talked about in my last answer, like where we've already automated 13,000 jobs this quarter and we've reskilled. And so, we will continue to manage that headcount as a result of AI in the way that we've been doing it for years. So no real change in that because we have a digital enterprise system that looks at what we need and sales. And what's really core is that we can reskill people as they are being freed up, and then we can adjust how much we have to hire. And of course, with attrition that in our industry is high relative to other industries, it gives us a lot of flexibility over time to get that people hiring right. So that's how I would think about it. And then for the way that we're going to hire, we saw a year-over-year increase of about 3% over last year. 11 consecutive quarters of 91% utilization. So you should just expect that every quarter we're going to manage carefully that headcount based on where we see the growth and to do that well. And I think we've proven our ability to do that.
KC McClure: That's right. And I would just add just maybe on Q4, in particular. As Julie talked about, we did not add any heads really between -- any people between Q2 and Q3, which is what we expected. And then just Q4, we don't really see a need to grow our overall headcount as we continue to focus on the automation and reskilling that Julie talked about.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Hi. Thank you so much. Good morning, guys. I just want -- I think you went through the small deal outlook to Lisa and Ashwin's question. So how about large deals? Can that momentum continue? I think you're up from about 17 to 26 large deals year-over-year. So just curious about...
Julie Sweet: Yes, large deal momentum is continuing. Yes.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Yes. So yes, -- no, I'm just going to ask that, how does that look going into the fourth quarter here? And are signed deals converting on time. My follow-up to that.
Julie Sweet: Yes. So as KC said earlier, our bookings are going to be about the same, and that includes a lot of momentum in large deals, right? So we saw 26 clients with bookings over $100 million this quarter. We're ahead of last year by 11 at this point. We can see -- continue to see that momentum. And we're actually really excited about the demand there, right? Because as you can imagine, things like gen AI are just accelerating the ability to say, "Hey, we have to do bigger deals." And by the way, that may be impacting some of what we're seeing on the smaller deals because we do see more excitement about -- because the thing is the problem with gen AI for most companies is if you don't have the data, you can't use it. And so that gets you right back to the big transformations of your digital core. KC, anything to add?
KC McClure: No, I think that's it.
Tien-Tsin Huang : So on the AI front, you did mention, I think, the cloud-first. As you draw that parallel when you guys -- I think that was three years ago, you did a $3 billion cloud first investment. That's paid off very well for you. So I'm curious, do you expect a similar return here on the $3 billion you're putting into AI? How should we measure that? Or is it going to perhaps convert differently in terms of the returns?
Julie Sweet: Tien-Tsin, that's a great clever way to try to get us to talk about more of the future. But what I would say is, we've got a great track record of investing and getting a great return. And so, we think that it's going to pay off well.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Yes, no, I like [indiscernible] and the coincidence of similarity there. Thank you, guys.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Hi. Thanks, guys. Just wanted to start actually picking up a little bit on Tien-Tsin's question around the larger deals. It sounds like that's going to persist the strength there in Q4. And I think that will be at least a few quarters in a row at that point of those larger deals showing relative strength. Can you just talk just qualitatively about to what extent those provide a foundation for top line growth in fiscal 2024? I would assume that those deals generally ramp to full run within, what, two to three quarters or so?
KC McClure: So in terms of what you should think about on our larger deals, they really do -- it really does vary in terms of how they fill in over the quarters going into next year and sometimes depending on what the work is, particularly in managed services, and there's larger deals, they can go out -- they can go into another fiscal year. So that's no real change in what we have experienced in terms of how the bookings fill in by the -- what I would say, the sales category size. What you're seeing is that, we do have a good foundation as we look out, right? And we've had a good foundation throughout this year everything that we've been booking in the transformational deals. But what really does also matter as you get into the year and then into -- closer to the quarters is how do you fill in with some of the smaller bookings.
Julie Sweet: If said another way, if small deals don't come back. We're going to have -- that's an important part of sort of understanding, which is why we want to see how Q4 works out before we look at next year.
Jason Kupferberg: Totally understand, totally understand. Let me switch over to bookings just for a follow-up. And by the way, thank you for the level set on AI. It's not too surprising that just a tiny fraction of your total bookings given how it's still early days. But I wanted to actually ask on the Managed Services bookings. Just curious versus your internal expectations how those came in, in the quarter. I know they can be pretty lumpy. But it does seem like looking ahead to Q4, the managed services bookings will slow a bit on an LTM basis just based on some of the commentary that you provided around Q4 bookings mix.
KC McClure: Yes. So let me just talk about overall Managed Services. Yes, we're very pleased overall with our Managed Services bookings, right? They were up 9% this quarter and they're up 22% on a year-to-date basis. So we're very pleased with the bookings overall and the result of revenue, which continue to be very strong. We also have a very strong book-to-bill with the trailing of 1.1. And when I talked about Q4, Jason, we'll have about the same complexion of bookings in terms of the breakout of type of work. And I would -- and I will highlight just the continued strength within our bookings of our operations business, which, again, Julie had a lot of great examples in her script. It really is around when clients are focusing on digitizing their core, cutting costs of operations business is a differentiator and obviously very strategic.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, KC.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane : Hi, guys. Good morning. Also, just kind of a follow-up on generative AI and the understanding and timing. I get that it's early, but the big question everybody is asking is how long will it take before it moves the needle in bookings and revenue? Is that a couple of years out still? Or is that the time frame and the rapidness of the use of the technology should push it earlier than a normal technology wave?
Julie Sweet: Well, Bryan, I think in general, we think gen AI is going to go faster than, say, cloud, right, which took more like a decade. I would focus on -- so first of all, we're being very rigorous when we talk about gen AI, because we're really saying like what are the actual gen AI. The big growth, we think, is going to be in all the companies that then have to get their data done faster. And we're not lumping that together. And so, I don't know what others are going to do, but we're really being very pure in saying like, "Hey, this is pure gen AI." And if you think about where companies are, our research shows like only 5% to 10% of companies are mature right now with data and AI, and they're the ones that are really going to be able to use gen AI at scale. About -- we just had this research done that came in last week that hasn't been published yet. About 50% of companies have not started on their data or AI journey and everything in between -- some are good in data but not AI. They're having a hard time to scale. So where we think growth is going to come particularly next year, the bigger growth is going to be not in like the pure gen AI, but it's going to be in helping companies finish getting their end-of-life data migrated to the cloud. Because you need your data in the cloud, right? It's going to come in the data strategy and the -- all the governance and getting it architected while some of the stuff around gen AI gets sorted out. So for example, like cost is not there yet. And how do you take data from one cloud and there's cost to take it and put it another cloud. All of that, we're going to be working with our clients and our technology partners to really create the right business cases. But the growth we think in the near term is going to be from accelerating the digital core. And that's why we feel really good about the bigger transformational deals continuing next year because there's so much work to do.
Bryan Keane : No, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, are there M&A opportunities of scale to grow in generative AI? Or is it still early in the days there, so there's not really a lot of M&A you can do?
Julie Sweet: It's really early. I mean, there's a lot of companies popping up as we know, and we're going to continue to scan. But one of the great things that we have is the ability to train, right? We've already trained in the last quarter another 1,000 people in gen AI. And by the way, since 2019, we have been requiring all of our 700,000 people to take a course on AI. So we have a really good baseline. And so, we think that it's going to be a lot like when we move to digital, a lot of organic. And this is where we're so competitively well positioned because we have great credentials in how we have trained our own table to rotate.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Rod Bourgeois of DeepDive Equity Research.
Rod Bourgeois : Hi, guys. You sometimes comment about pricing and contract profitability. So I wanted to ask if you could provide an update on pricing and contract terms, particularly on a like-for-like basis in both consulting and outsourcing. Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. Rod, so let me just comment on pricing and what we're seeing. So just let me start with as a reminder, when we talk about pricing that we define that as contractility or the margin on the work that we sell. And so what we're seeing in pricing is after five quarters of consecutive improvement in pricing, we mentioned last quarter that it's stabilized. And this quarter, we see the pricing is lower in some areas of our business. I continue to be very pleased with how we are managing pricing, particularly navigating the more challenging wage environment that we've experienced over the last few years. So very pleased with how we're performing in pricing and our overall contract profitability that we have this year. .
Rod Bourgeois : Okay. Great. And then maybe just to wrap up, as the consulting business has slowed some here, can you talk about what demand themes have slowed the most and maybe the outlook for those themes, I mean, maybe across your various solution areas, like cloud and ERP and security and data. Are there certain of the themes that have slowed the most? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, on our consulting on the systems integration side, it's really more a tale about the small deals, right? So what we're seeing is that, sort of some of the small things versus the bigger, so a lot of the big transformations are continuing. So that's -- we're not seeing -- I mean, basically anything around the digital core, moving to cloud, all of that's going really well at the bigger levels. It's more about starting new projects right now. And so -- which is why we expect that demand to come back when people are less cautious.
Rod Bourgeois : Okay. Thank you.
Katie O’Conor: Operator we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap-up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Thanks very much. Just a couple of follow-up questions from me here. First, on AI and AI-related projects. How do you envision pricing, project constructs, terms and statements of work to change with the introduction of and adoption of generative AI generally?
Julie Sweet: I mean, we're not anticipating any big changes in those areas.
James Faucette: Got it, got it. And then you mentioned, in reference to generative AI, like the [B&A] (ph) opportunities are pretty small right now and really nascent. But how are you thinking about B&A more generally going forward? Should we expect ongoing sustained and pretty stable levels of inorganic contribution? And -- or should we expect there to be some changes as expectations and emphasis shifts a little bit more to AI.
Julie Sweet: Well, no, a couple of things. So first of all, no shift in how we view inorganic, which is a core part of our business model, right? So we expect to get about 2% of our revenue growth from this year from inorganic, and this has been a stable part of our strategy. And I just want to be clear that the shift to AI is just -- let's go back to total enterprise reinvention. What are clients doing? They are reinventing every part using tech data and AI. So when you look at our growth priorities, cloud, both the move to the cloud, but also cloud-based platforms, all growing very significantly, right, at the top level overall. And so, it's about building a digital core. And then the opportunity to take AI is to then reinvent the processes and the ways of working, which is, by the way, a huge opportunity for Accenture because we're not just about the technology. Our strength is in being able to do all of that. So I think it's really important that it's not an emphasis shift on AI. It's a rapidly accelerated opportunity because companies who were kind of resistant or not focused on it are now focusing on it. So I think that's important. Then the last piece is we will -- our focus is not going to suddenly in M&A be around just data and AI. And in fact, we think that there's going to be much more organic because there isn't a lot out there. But we use AI, right, to scale things like consulting, industry expertise, digital expertise. We've done that for digital manufacturing, supply chain. We also use it to get into new areas. So I'm super excited that yesterday we announced that we acquired Answer Advisors, which is a primarily US-focused, North America-focused company and capital projects. That's a really small business today in the U.S. and we just acquired a great company with 900 professionals in a market that has an $88 billion addressable market in North America, growing really well. That's a whole new area of net new growth for our North America business. So we use our ability to invest, right, to scale great things and continuously seed new areas of growth for Accenture. And you've seen us do that over and over again. We did it with Song, we did it with Industry X and digital manufacturing. We're now in supply chain and we're moving into capital projects. So that is just a huge advantage as you think about, not just the next couple of years, but growth over the decade for Accenture.
James Faucette: That’s great color. Thank you so much.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well, thanks, everyone. In closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Look forward to being back together in a quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And this conference will be available for replay beginning at 10 a.m. Eastern Time today and running through September 28 at midnight. You may access AT&T replay system at any time by dialing (866) 207-1041 and entering the access code of 4564655. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. Those numbers again are (866) 207-1041 or (402) 970-0847 with the access code of 4564655. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-03-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Katie O’Conor, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katie O’Conor: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Katie O’Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Katie and thank you to everyone joining today and thank you to our 738,000 people around the globe for your incredible work and commitment to our clients, which has resulted in our delivering another strong quarter of financial results and the broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders. Let me share a few highlights of value we created in our continued disciplined execution. I am very pleased with our record bookings for Q2 at $22.1 billion, our highest ever including 35 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million, our second highest quarter on record for such bookings, representing the continued trust that our clients have in us. We delivered revenues of $15.8 billion, representing 9% growth in local currency, bringing us to $31.6 billion of revenue at 12% growth through H1 and we continued gaining market share, growing approximately 2x the market. We continued our inorganic investments with six acquisitions in strategic areas, including cloud with the acquisition of SKS in Europe, which will expand our specialized technology consulting and regulatory capabilities, enabling us to better serve our financial services clients; security with the acquisition of Morphus in Brazil, a cyber defense risk management, cyber threat intelligence service provider; and supply chain with the acquisition of Inspirage in the U.S., which will enhance our technology capabilities to accelerate innovation for clients through emerging technologies such as touchless supply chain and digital twins. We also continued our investment in our people with 10.3 million training hours, a 12% increase year-over-year. We are optimizing our business to lower costs in fiscal year 2024 and beyond, while continuing to invest in our business and our people to capture the significant growth opportunities ahead. KC will be giving you more detail on these actions. Finally, we believe our focus on creating 360-degree value differentiates us in our market. We earned the number one position in our industry for the 10th year in a row and number 32 overall on Fortune’s list of the World’s Most Admired Companies. We ranked number one in our industry and number four overall on the JUST Capital list of America’s Most JUST Companies. And we have been recognized by Ethisphere as one of the world’s most ethical companies for the 16th year in a row. I am very pleased that our results demonstrate once again that our strategy to be the execution partner of choice for transformation, lead in the five forces and have a diverse business across markets, industries and services continues to allow us to lead and take market share. And in a world in which all strategies lead to technology, we have distinguished ourselves in our impact to the market. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. We were pleased with our overall results in the second quarter, setting a new bookings record at $22.1 billion, $2.5 billion higher than our previous record set in Q2 of last year, with consulting bookings close to matching our previous record. We delivered revenue growth for the quarter at the top end of our guided range as we continue to deliver on our shareholder value propositions. Before I summarize results for the quarter, let me spend a moment on the business optimization actions we are taking to reduce costs for fiscal ‘24 and beyond, which includes streamlining operations, transforming our non-billable corporate functions and consolidating office space. We estimate cost of $1.5 billion through fiscal year 2024, of which we expect to incur approximately $800 million in FY ‘23 and $700 million in FY ‘24, comprised of approximately $1.2 billion in severance and $300 million for the consolidation of office space. These actions are expected to impact roughly 2.5% or 19,000 of our current workforce, of which over half are non-billable corporate functions and include over 800 of our more than 10,000 leaders across our markets and services. Nearly half of the 19,000 people will depart by the end of fiscal year ‘23. Now, let me summarize a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 9% local currency, driven by broad-based growth across all markets with more than half of our 13 industries growing double-digits. We also continue to extend our leadership position with growth estimated to be about 2x the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. In Q2, we recorded $244 million in cost associated with the business optimization actions, which impacted operating margin by 150 basis points and EPS by $0.30. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. We delivered adjusted EPS in the quarter of $2.69, reflecting 6% growth over EPS last year. Adjusted operating margin of 13.8% increased 10 basis points, with 20 basis points expansion year-to-date and includes continued significant investments in our people and our business. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2.2 billion and returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Year-to-date, we have invested $1.1 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 15 transactions. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $22.1 billion for the quarter, representing growth of 17% in local currency with an overall book-to-bill of 1.4. Consulting bookings were $10.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Managed service bookings were also a record at $11.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.5. We were very pleased with the strength of our new bookings, which were broad-based, delivering a very strong book-to-bill across all of our geographic markets and across our services with a book-to-bill of 1.5 in operations, 1.4 in technology and 1.3 in strategy and consulting. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $15.8 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency and were at the top end of our range, adjusting for a foreign exchange headwind of approximately 4% compared to the 5% provided last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.3 billion, a decline of 1% in U.S. dollars and an increase of 4% in local currency. Managed services revenue were $7.5 billion, up 12% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, technology services and operations grew double-digits and strategy and consulting declined mid single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 5% in local currency, driven by growth in public service, health and utilities. These increases were partially offset by a decline in communications and media and high tech. Revenue growth was driven by the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 12% in local currency, led by growth in industrial, banking and capital markets and public service. Revenue growth was driven by Germany, Italy and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 14% revenue growth in local currency, driven by growth in banking and capital markets, chemical and natural resources and public service. Revenue growth was led by Japan. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 30.6% compared with 30.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.9% compared to 9.4% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.8% compared to 7% for the same quarter last year. Adjusted operating income was $2.2 billion in the second quarter, reflecting an adjusted 13.8% operating margin, an increase of 10 basis points from operating margin in the second quarter of last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 19.2% for the second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.69 compared with diluted EPS of $2.54 in the second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 42 days compared to 48 days last quarter and 41 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.2 billion compared to approximately $400 million last quarter, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.3 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $108 million. Our cash balance of – at February 28 was $6.2 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.1 million shares for $1.1 billion at an average price of $273.55 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $4.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $708 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on May 15, a 15% increase over last year. Finally, turning to the 360-degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders, we are partnering with Save the Children to connect with new audiences and invigorate donors through fundraising and creative campaign excellence. So at the halfway point of fiscal ‘23, we are pleased with our results. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. I will start with the overall demand environment, which is more of the same. We believe that the ongoing volatility and uncertainty in the macro environment is making it even clearer to clients that they need to change more, not less. And that two of the five key forces of change that we have identified for the next decade, the need for total enterprise reinvention and the ability to access, create and unlock the potential of talent are critical to succeed in the near, medium and long-term. We see two common themes. First, all strategies continue to lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. This is reflected in the latest market estimates, which are down slightly, but are still hovering around 5%. And second, companies remain focused on executing compressed transformations to achieve lower cost, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. We remain laser focused on pivoting to our clients’ changing needs and being relevant across the enterprise from the frontline to core operations to corporate functions. Our ability to advise, shape and deliver value-led transformations, leveraging the breadth of our services from strategy and consulting to our strategic managed services across all industries and geographic markets is what differentiates Accenture. Now, I will give you more color on the quarter and in particular, how total enterprise reinvention and talent are critical to our clients. For example, we are helping Shionogi & Co. Limited, a Japanese pharmaceutical company with a compressed transformation to improve its business process efficiency and create a more agile organization. We will enter into a joint venture with the company that will provide managed services capability to oversee back office functions such as human resources, finance and accounting, public relations, facility management, procurement and marketing. The joint venture will also be charged with the management of the pharmacovigilance function from safety management operations to post-marketing operations to regulatory compliance. As part of this transformation, we will upscale over 400 employees, enabling them to play a greater role in the growth and development of the wider business, hence demonstrating the value of all our services from strategy and consulting, our deep industry knowledge to technology and operations coming together to enable the clients transformation. I would like to take a moment to recognize Egawa-san, our Head of the Japan market unit and our extraordinary people in Japan for how they are consistently creating value for our clients with double-digit revenue growth for each of the past 5 years. As clients focus on building their digital core with a modern cloud-based infrastructure, our cloud business continues to grow very strong double-digits. For example, we are working with the state of Missouri to replace its legacy applications and infrastructure with a modern ERP in the cloud, introducing new capabilities in finance, supply chain management, human capital management, payroll and budgeting. As the current ERP system no longer fully meets the business needs of the state, they are looking for a modern system that is efficient, scalable and flexible, all delivered by a best-in-class implementation partner. This compressed transformation, one of the earliest and most complex ERP implementations for any state will help reduce operating expenses, provide opportunities for upskilling and improve customer experience and services. We are partnering with minority and women-owned businesses on this transformation and we will bring in apprentices, the program’s lifecycle part of our shared commitment with the state of Missouri to foster diversity and inclusion. With our cloud-first strategy, our approach has been to help clients migrate to the cloud and then partner with them on their journey to grow and innovate in the cloud. Our cloud growth is driven by both migration and clients who are moving forward on this journey, such as Enel, one of our largest utilities clients who has taken their mass migration to cloud a few years ago to the next level, changing their operating model, tools and talent and largely automating IT operations. We are now helping them accelerate the modernization of their application landscape, reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 80%, support a significant acquisition and divestment agenda and pivot to platform-based business model for integrated retail delivery beyond meter services, grid and renewable energy. Using cloud as their operating systems is helping this market leader manage increasing levels of complexity by bringing together data, AI and applications to optimize their operations and accelerate growth. A strong and secure digital core also is essential to total enterprise reinvention. We are seeing continued very strong demand for our security services, which experienced another quarter of very strong double-digit growth. We are working with Empresas CMPC SA, a Chilean pulp and paper company and a cybersecurity transformation of their plant operations. We will implement a security program across its 48 industrial sites focused on threat detection, management and response as well as governance and workforce training. Through our global and local Industry X capabilities, we will help strengthen the company’s cybersecurity expenses through continuous monitoring of its physical locations and equipment. We continue to lead in managed services, which experienced strong growth again this quarter at 16%. Managed services are strategic for our clients, because they enable clients to move faster, leveraging our digital platform expertise and talent as well as delivering cost efficiencies. And our clients are turning to Accenture because of the depth and breadth of our industry, functional and technology expertise that we bring together into the transformation journey. Our approach to managed services is to both run and transform and run and modernize. We deliver cost savings as table stakes. For example, we are partnering with the UK’s Department for Work and Pensions, which is responsible for welfare pensions and child maintenance policy to modernize its legacy systems, eliminating backlogs and delivering a better experience for citizens and employees. We developed a cloud-based intelligent optimization platform that combines robotic process automation, AI, analytics and machine learning to provide bots as a service to create the equivalent of a virtual workforce available 24/7. With routine tests now automated, the organization has already saved 2.4 million human hours, which can be reallocated to more complex higher value tasks. Let me pause to thank our global H&PS colleagues for their amazing contributions as evidenced by 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. As our clients continue to prioritize cost optimization as well as growth in Vigilance, Song is more relevant than ever. In Song, which grew strong double-digits this quarter, clients are focused on more capital efficient growth that creates efficiency, drive short-term growth and optimizes existing assets with clear outcomes and shorter time horizons to keep up with the pace of change with customers and technology. We have moved quickly to help clients seize new opportunities in contact centers, not only for enhanced customer service, but also customer acquisition and growth. We are working with a global biopharmaceutical leader in North America to reinvent digital marketing at scale. Driven by data and using technologies integrated with SynOps, the company will be able to create, produce and deliver consistent world class content that informs and educates healthcare providers and patient communities around the world, helping to deliver innovative health services. We are working with the Prada Group, the Italian luxury fashion player, to offer its customers an entirely new customization experience through an online 3D configurator. Accenture Song created a digital twin of Prada’s iconic show called America’s Cup, which allows shoppers to fully customize it from material to color to trim across the overlay, lining, sole and other parts. With more than 50 million possible configurations, more than any web platform could handle, this innovative approach allows customers to see high resolution 3D models of their custom builds with the same quality and fidelity as a physical shoe. Song solution to online product customization is fully scalable to the cloud. It gives Prada the flexibility to apply the same strategy to other products, ensuring the outstanding experience that their shoppers expect. As I continue to move across the enterprise, industries and markets, I want to also highlight Industry X, which grew very strong double digits again this quarter, and which we believe is the next digital frontier where our digital engineering capabilities are advancing sustainability services. For example, we are working with Recharge Industries, a battery research and production company in Australia, to help design and engineer one of the world’s largest lithium-ion battery facilities. Once built, the facility will generate up to 30-gigawatt hours of storage capacity per year. Finally, moving to the metaverse and the ongoing tech revolution. We’ve talked about the importance of artificial intelligence in building the digital core for our clients. While generative AI has recently burst into the popular imagination, at Accenture, we’ve been working with the technology from its earliest stages and are already applying it at clients. For example, we’re working with a multinational bank to transform how it manages high volumes of post-trade processing e-mails every day. We are leveraging a generative AI solution as it is built to understand the context of e-mails with high accuracy. It automatically routes large numbers of e-mails, daily to relevant teams and draft responses with recommended actions and related information. Our work will help reduce manual effort and risk, boost worker efficiency and improve interactions with customers. And finally, on that note, we will release our Tech Vision 2023 on March 30. The 4th and 5th key forces of change we have identified for the next decade at a metaverse and ongoing tech revolution. And this year’s tech vision is particularly relevant and actionable as our clients face a rapidly changing landscape in which generative AI, metaverse cloud, science, tech and other technologies are driving more opportunities for change and reinvention. This year’s vision will explore how these technologies and more are blending the physical world and the virtual world into a shared reality, creating a huge opportunity for our clients and for Accenture. Now turning to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ‘23, we expect revenues to be in the range of $16.1 billion to $16.7 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 3.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal ‘22 and reflects an estimated 3% to 7% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘23, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 4.5% compared to fiscal ‘22. For the full fiscal ‘23, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 8% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘22, which assumes an inorganic contribution of 2%. We expect business optimization actions to impact fiscal ‘23 GAAP operating margin by 120 basis points and EPS by $0.96. We expect our anticipated gain on our investment in Duck Creek Technologies to impact EPS by $0.39. Our guidance for full year fiscal ‘23 excludes these impacts. For adjusted operating margin, we expect fiscal year ‘23 to be 15.3% to 15.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘22 results. We expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal ‘22. We expect our full year adjusted earnings per share for fiscal ‘23 to be in the range of $11.41 to $11.63, or 7% to 9% growth over fiscal ‘22 results. For the full fiscal ‘23, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion, $300 million higher than our previous guidance. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O’Conor: Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, thanks so much. I had to ask, given the great bookings here, your confidence in being able to replenish those bookings as we look to the third quarter and ahead? I’m sure a lot of people are thinking what’s going on in the month of February and March as well. I know your guidance implies some reacceleration in the fourth quarter, but just curious about your ability to replenish on the bookings side? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So we do feel good about our pipeline even after our record bookings this quarter. And our sales outlook for the next quarter, Q3 is solid. We expect to have slightly lighter bookings than what we’ve had compared to the record quarter that we just had.
Julie Sweet: And maybe just to add a little color. Look, as you can see in our bookings, there is just continued strong demand for the larger transformational deals, right? And the need to, in particular, build the digital core. And I’m personally working right now with clients across insurance, healthcare, consumer goods, banking and telecom, all of whom are very focused on how do we upgrade our – get rid of our technical debt, how do we build more resilience. They are trying to build digital products, but they have got really old systems. And so we remain in the early innings of building the kind of digital core that really need to transform every part of the enterprise. And so we continue to feel good, not just about our pipeline, but about the demand we’re seeing really rooted in our view that all companies are going to have to do total enterprise reinvention across the enterprise that it’s really a continuous cycle starting with a digital – a strong digital core. And there is a lot of work to do on building those cores out.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good. Glad to hear. Very encouraging. So given that, given both your comments and the optimization, I’m just trying to think about is it more playing offense versus defense? So I’m just trying to think about – I know a lot of your clients are going through similar optimization efforts as well. How does this one fit given that? And should we still think about this within the 10 to 30 basis points of typical margin expansion that we think about sort of philosophically? Or could this be incremental?
KC McClure: Yes. So just let me answer the last part first, is you should view this as creating the room in our P&L to ensure that we can continue to deliver on that enduring shareholder value model, including the 10 to 30 basis points, which for a short period of time will be on an adjusted basis. So – and as you think about it, it is – I like that, is it offense or defense. It is offensive. I mean if you look at where we are today, right, we’ve got record bookings, a strong quarter of – strong view of the year, 8% to 10%, 91% chargeability. We’re going after structural cost, right, to ensure that we’re in a better position. As you know, we’ve been dealing with the difficult challenges of compounding wage inflation. And we’ve been doing that with pricing, but we’ve also been doing that with cost efficiencies and digitizing. And we have identified an opportunity to go after more structural costs to kind of create that resilience and that room in the P&L as we look forward. So very much in our view, getting ahead of and dealing with these structural issues that have been created over the last couple of years.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Awesome. That’s great. Great results then. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to follow-up on a couple of those items. First, can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing around the actual conversion and decision cycles? Obviously, the bookings themselves speak well to being able to do conversions, but are we seeing any changes in the sales cycle times or the types of projects that customers may want to engage in?
Julie Sweet: Well, let me just start with the type of projects. I mean what we’ve been seeing over the last several quarters is just a laser focus on cost, right? So most programs, clients want to see a shorter return on investments, right, more focused on cost. They love cost and growth, but it has to be, in most cases, a shorter return on the investment. At the same time, it’s important that not all industries are in the same place, right? So if you’ve got industries like, say, in the high-tech area, and some spots on retail, for example, cost optimization is very dominant, right? If you have – you’ve got some of the other less affected industries, say, insurance, energy, it’s – everyone wants to be more resilient and lower cost. But they are really trying to deal with their technical debt, they are thinking about growth, how do you reimagine the customer experience. And so I would say a common theme is that in this kind of an environment, everyone does want to be optimizing costs, but where they are focusing is different by industry is what I would say first. And then just to your first part of your question about are you seeing changes in decision making and I’d let KC talk to you about the yields in our pipeline because you all saw, in general, seeing a trend toward these larger deals. So there is – and we talked about this in the last couple of quarters, we’re seeing less of the smaller deals in SMC and to some extent, SI, particularly in North America, where we’re seeing more caution. North America had record sales this quarter. But in areas tending towards the bigger transformational deals, not the smaller SNC and to some extent, SI deals. And those – that transformational pipeline, which is our strategy, right, like if you think about it, what have we been trying to drive for the last few years? We want to be at the center of our clients’ business, we want to be able to be relevant, really help them transform and then be well positioned to continue to be that partner. And I would just say, Enel in my script, is a great example of that. I mean they are hugely innovative utility. They were very early in cloud. We help them get to the cloud. And now they are modernizing and once again being super innovative. That’s exactly the way we want to work with our clients, be their core and then be there for their next big transformation. Maybe, KC, if you want to just comment on the yields real quick.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. No problem. So when we – let me focus really on consulting bookings because it is important to understand the impact of F&C and our consulting bookings and also how to what we’re doing in our larger transformation deals because they do convert to revenue at a slower pace. So as I mentioned in my script, I was very pleased with our SNC bookings and our overall consulting bookings, which were very close to the record that we had last year. And SNC participates, and is a critical part of winning the larger deals, which we have 35 clients over $100 million. And so what you’ll see is in SNC, you may see a conversion that’s a little bit slower than we typically have because we still do have some pressure in our smaller deals, particularly in North America. And so maybe I’ll just – how does that all work in terms of yield then? What that means for next quarter? As we look at SNC, I mentioned that we had a modest decline, a decline in mid-single digits this quarter. We think we will be in the same zone overall in Q3, and we’re going to look to reconnect with SNC growth in Q4. It may take us a little bit more time than that. But I just want to make that connection to your question as it relates to our very strong consulting bookings in SNC. They were definitely part of that discussion and clearly part of that the reason why we are able to get the 35 clients in a $100 million, but you will see that come into our P&L at a little bit slower conversion.
James Faucette: Thank you. That’s really helpful. And then just quickly, on D&A, it seems like we’ve seen a little bit of a deceleration there. How are you thinking about D&A going forward? And what was inorganic contribution in the quarter and how should we think about that for the year? Thanks.
KC McClure: So I’ll just maybe reiterate the contribution for the year. So we now see inorganic contribution to be about 2%. And acquisitions can be lumpy. And we – as you know, we can’t always really control the timing, but there is no change to our strategy. In any given year, you’ll hear us kind of go up or down a bit on the percentage of contribution. No change.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Wanted to just ask about…
Julie Sweet: Good morning. 
Bryan Keane: Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the communications, media and technology group that did come in at flat local currency and is kind of a standout versus the others. Can you just talk a little bit about what’s happening there and what the outlook might be?
Julie Sweet: Yes. That’s primarily happening in North America where we’ve got comms and media and high-tech are more challenged, cutting back spending for sort of obvious reasons. And then our software and platforms business, which has been really a strong business for us for the last few years has – it’s still slightly positive, but has come down a lot, and I think for kind of obvious reasons that we’re all reading in the press. And so we do think this will last for a bit of time as you look at sort of some of the ways they are approaching spending in that. And – but it will eventually come back, and these are great companies. And we’re helping them in many places, but their spending is just lower right now. So that’s – I think long-term, we’re very positive. These are all great companies. And this why it’s so great that we’re diverse, right, that we serve so many and not just diversity in industries but in markets because you’re seeing a different picture, for example, in comms and media in Europe, where it was growing double digits last quarter in growth markets where it was positive. So the diversity of our business really plays to our strength and why we’re continuing to deliver strong financial results.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Got it. And I was just trying to reconcile in my head the strong bookings, but the actions also taken to lower costs in fiscal year ‘24. What does that signal, I guess, for the demand environment in fiscal year ‘24? Should we expect slightly lower growth rates than typical as a result of the actions taken?
Julie Sweet: No. I mean the actions, I can just kind of reground you on like what we’ve been saying, right, which is we’ve been achieving hypergrowth and there is been wage inflation like none of us have ever experienced and it’s compounding. And we’ve been addressing that through a combination of improved pricing, cost efficiencies, and so this is really us taking a step back and being able to more structurally address the impact of compounding wage inflation. So it’s a real positive for how we’re moving forward. And think of it as really being – creating more room in the P&L so that when you think about our enduring shareholder value proposition is we still expect next year to grow faster than the market. We expect to invest at scale in our business, to deliver 10 to 30 basis point margin expansion on an adjusted basis, to have a disciplined capital allocation, including a meaningful return to our shareholders. So that is a commitment – this is an offensive mood to say, yes, today, we’ve got great demand, we’ve got great utilization, and we can take out more structural costs to put us in a better position as we move forward.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Great. That’s really helpful. Congrats.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a kind of follow-up on the sort of connecting the dots questions. I noticed that your headcount growth slowed a bit this quarter, up 6% year-on-year and was flat sequentially. Can you kind of connect the dots that side, what you are seeing and sort of what you’re thinking about on the hiring side with the fact that you have record bookings in the quarter and then typically, those two things kind of move a little bit more in tandem? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Thanks, Lisa. So maybe I’ll just first start with just looking back over the last two previous quarters. We added 28,000 people in the previous quarters. So let’s first start there. And you’re right, Lisa, when you take a look at what we were able to accomplish this quarter, first of all, we had record bookings. We drove 9% – 9.3% revenue growth, and we had 91% utilization of our people, right? So we have the skills and all the people we needed to deliver to the demand in the market. And if I look – answering your question, looking forward, we sequentially did not add headcount from Q1 to Q2. We see that being about the same in Q2 to Q3. And then looking forward, based on the outlook that we have now, we do see that we would add additional heads in the fourth quarter.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up is related to AI. Maybe this one is, Julie, for you. Just can you talk a bit about how you apply AI in your own operations? I know every time this topic kind of stirs up, there is this question of whether it’s a positive or a negative for the operations of IT services firms. Can you just talk about how you sort of applied internally and how you think about that over the long-term? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. In fact, I was just at a client this week where we are helping them really transform their whole IT department. And one of the things they want from us is our myWizard platform, which is a great way of explaining how over the last several years, we have built a platform that integrates the best-in-class technology. So, we didn’t write our own code, right. We use the best technologies. And the way it uses AI, for example, is that when a ticket comes in to address something, an IT issue, AI looks at it, identifies whether or not it’s been a problem solved before, in some cases, can solve the problem, in other cases, routes it to the right people. And then it learns from every ticket. So, in the past, when we have talked about – with you about why is it – how do you think about revenue and people, we said, look, we have already been breaking that for years now because we are using so much technology and AI in how we are delivering all of our technology jobs. The same thing is true, for example, with testing, which is incredibly automated, using different technology, including AI. We are continuing to use AI in the way we run our business, for example, in how we look at our accounts payable and receivables and finding ways where we can optimate to have better efficiencies there. We are using it today in the way we are delivering our consulting services as well and definitely very much so in how we look at sales and being able to predict based on lots of factors. Should we be running after the sale or not, or can we show the data that these – this is not the right kind of sale, we are not the right fit. So, we have increasingly been using AI, both in how we deliver services as well as in how we run ourselves. Of course, our SynOps platform for operations is also AI-enabled. It’s one of the reasons why clients turn to us because it’s helping them digitize faster. They are not having to build these things. So, long-term, we see these technology changes, things like generative AI is playing to our strengths because to use these technologies, it requires deep understanding of the industry, the use cases, the process changes. When people talk about the new kinds of generative AI, which we are super excited about, being like a co-pilot to human beings, the entire process has to be changed in order to make that work. You have got to up-skill the people and you have to be able to do all of that in a very responsible way. So, we are already working with. There has been a lot of demand to understand this. And in understanding it, understanding actually how hard it is to be able to implement at scale in an enterprise versus, I am assuming you are – we are all having fun playing with it, but how you build that into an enterprise is very different and a great opportunity, and we are partnering with all the major players to help them take the technology go from technology to implementation to impact.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks Lisa.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Could you delve into demand trends in the financial services vertical in a little greater depth, especially given the evolving banking crisis we have seen in the last month or so, particularly with some of the regional banks struggling? And maybe as part of that, if you could just remind us of your profile within bank-related IT services, smaller banks versus regionals and money centers.
Julie Sweet: Sure. As a client base, we skew towards the larger banks across all of the markets. So, we don’t comment on individual clients, but we don’t have any big exposure to kind of the smaller regional banks and in general. So, as you sort of think about the stepping brake, obviously, the developments on the banks for the – are still early in the last couple of weeks. So, as I talk about demand trends for our clients, which are generally the bigger banks, a couple of things really stand out. So, first of all, there is a lot of focus on their technical debt, because the banks, a lot of them are still in the mainframe. Our mainframe practice really across industry has growing like gangbusters right now as clients across the industry are really having to take on some of that harder technical debt, which they need to do because the more and more they digitize their services, which is a continuing trend in financial services, if the systems behind it aren’t agile, then it can take a lot of time to introduce new services. You have got to – oftentimes, we will have multiple systems. You will have to test things. You can’t go as fast. And so the banks are kind of reaching their limits in terms of what they can do without touching their core. So, we expect the sort of addressing the core to be a really important driver. We are seeing, in asset management, more and more views – more and more companies in asset management, really digitizing. They had been kind of slower behind the banks. And then insurance, we are working with leading insurers across the world who not only are kind of trying to catch up because banking was ahead of insurance, but finding sort of new and exciting opportunities on how to use data, in particular, to grow their business, how to transform their experience and claims. So, financial services which covers banking, capital markets and insurance, we continue to see as a vibrant area. Where things are slowing down a bit in the U.S. where we have been a big player is in integration. We will see that might pick up again. Let’s just see how all of this shakes out. But that has slowed down for a bit. Hopefully, that gives you some color.
David Togut: It does. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning. Thanks guys. I just wanted to ask about Q3 bookings. If you can discuss consulting versus managed services, just expectations there? I mean I think the year-over-year comparison for consulting at least gets a bit easier.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks Jason. I am not going to comment specifically on kind of individual breakout of the bookings. But maybe I will just reiterate what I mentioned to Tien-Tsin. So, we had record bookings this quarter. We do see that next quarter. We will have lighter bookings than what we had this quarter in terms of the record bookings. Overall, what you can see, Jason, you know us well, is that the mix right now is much more favored halfway through the year to managed services, all the reasons that Julie talked about. We were really pleased with consulting this quarter that did – we thought it was going to be strong, and it came in even stronger. And so that, we are very encouraged by that, and we do have a strong pipeline, and we continue to see solid bookings for Q3.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And then just on the cost side, what’s the estimated savings from the cost takeout program? And I know the charges will aggregate to $1.5 billion, but I just wanted to understand kind of what the fully annualized run rate of savings is? And are you essentially reinvesting the savings? I mean I know at least for this year, we are not changing the underlying margin guidance. So, just wanted to get a picture of how much of this is being reinvested, or are you essentially just offsetting some other headwinds around wage inflation, etcetera?
KC McClure: Thanks for the question. Let me just first start with FY ‘23. So, the actions that we are taking are not about FY ‘23. They are about FY ‘24 and beyond. So, in terms of what we will do with those savings, it really is going to depend, Jason, on how the market develops, the growth opportunities that we have next year. And as Julie said, the key part of what we are really focused on is just going to give us more room to continue to execute our enduring shareholder value proposition, what she mentioned. And I know you know that.
Jason Kupferberg: Yes. Alright. So, just…
Julie Sweet: Keep your model – to be clear, keep your model 10 basis point to 30 basis point adjusted margin expansion. We are going to invest in our business and we are going to grow faster than the market.
Jason Kupferberg: We love the consistency. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey. Thanks guys. I mean when you put the pieces together with the bookings we are seeing and the actual changes in the efficiency, it really does sound like we are finally seeing more of a divergence in linearity between headcount growth and bookings capabilities and revenue contribution. So, I mean I know you mentioned AI, obviously, is a big theme. But is there other factors that we can point to that are structurally part of the model now, or is it a function of the mix type of bookings or anything else?
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I will just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of headcount, Darrin, and what we are recording in revenue in terms of how we are generating our revenue. And Julie, if you want to add in, you certainly can. But in terms of what you are seeing is we have been very focused on hiring, balancing our supply, demand to what we need to both sell and drive the revenue to meet our client demand and continue to take market share. And part of what you are seeing throughout the year is we have been continuing – you have heard us talk about us really focusing on continued strong pricing. Again, reminder, that when we talk about pricing, it’s the margin on the work that we sold. And that has been improving over the last five quarters. It’s not stable, which we are really happy with. And so some of that is part – there is a part of that that’s helping to drive our revenue production as well.
Julie Sweet: And I would just say, a lot of its mix, right. If you have longer transformational deals like the numbers of people that you need to drive are different. So, I wouldn’t say there is some big, wait a minute, we have got some new inflection point where you have disconnected more. As I talked about earlier, we have been disconnecting to some degree, for a while now, but there is no big change in that perspective. Just as we have executed our strategy. And I think it’s so important to understand that it has been a deliberate strategy to say we want to do transformational deals. We want to take our SNC people who have deep industry and functional knowledge, put them together with our technology people to do either big implementations, right, that are changing the digital core or transformations that are coupled with managed services and just how that works out. And so while we love when the economy is booming and SNC and the small deals are also booming, the strategy is to be at the core so that we continue – we help them with one big project, we understand their company and met it more. We take them on the next big project, and we are really getting that kind of stickiness in our relationships. And so we will kind of deal with the sort of softness in the smaller deals. But over time, this is exactly what we want to do. And in fact, if you think about this year, consulting – last quarter, we thought consulting this year would be mid-single digits to high-single digits. We now see it as mid-single digits for the year, and we are fine with that, right, because that’s about kind of lower SNC and SI smaller deals. North America in December, we thought it was going to be mid-single to high-single digits. We now see that as the mid-single digits for the year. Again, it’s because sort of the caution that’s impacting the smaller deals, record sales, great large transformational deals, and that’s just going to how it deals with. And that’s why, as KC said before, SNC, we are going to see a very similar performance next quarter probably, and it may take a little bit longer to reconnect with growth. But remember, we don’t look at that as separate. We see SNC as a competitive differentiator for these larger transformational deals, which is our strategy.
Darrin Peller: That actually makes a lot of sense. One follow-up on that and related is the cyclicality of business is it’s not surprising, you would see some of the smaller deals get impacted first by pause or concern among enterprise spending. When we think about the larger transformational side, the pipeline is longer. The sales cycle is longer there. So, having that strong still is probably not – if you do – given how well you guys execute, it’s not shocking, I guess. But on the same side, the magnitude of strength was better than I think we expected. And so looking ahead, what in your experience, cyclically, when do you see that sort of slow down if the economy does take a step down?
Julie Sweet: Look, it’s never say never I guess the economy slowing down and what we do it, but I really stay focused. We try to stay focused on our strategy being relevant across cycles, so – and basically growing stronger than the market. And so the market is still faster than market, it’s still kind of hovering around 5%. And so that’s what we kind of watch more than the economy because technology is so core to every strategy that when the economy goes down, what are you seeing, well, people are saying, we got to optimize. We have got a lower cost. We have got to do managed services. So, we watch more – the economy can kind of do an uplift, right. But what we are trying to always do is grow faster than the market. So, that’s the big indicator for us. And you see it’s a very strong market. And it makes sense. I mean I will just tell you like the amount of the just technical debt across these industries and how much work to do, we are still very much in early innings of what needs to be done to take advantage of cool things like generative AI. You got to have data.
Darrin Peller: Yes. Awesome. Alright. Thanks Julie. Thanks KC.
KC McClure: Thank you. Operator, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that last question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi guys. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on consolidation activity. And whether – how much of this has helped to really offset some of the areas that have pulled back in the shorter cycle work? And I guess has that picked up meaningfully? And if you were to step back and look at those 35 deals over $100 billion, can you give us a sense of the mix of those that might include an aspect of vendor consolidation?
Julie Sweet: Vendor consolidation is certainly a part of what’s going on in the market, but there are some industries that did that a long time ago in some clients. So, I am not – I don’t have the numbers off hand of what we have in our 35 clients. But I am not seeing that as sort of the big driver of our growth. Right now, we are often telling clients who like basically need to get revenue faster, but more – it’s interesting, the vendor consolidation for many of our clients is less about cost and more that a lot of the industries, like say, consumer goods, telecom where they have lots of different countries. It’s very hard to move to a platform business and sort of build things consistently if you have a ton of different vendors, right, because you want the stuff done in the same way. And so the – it’s interesting the vendor consolidation play for many is more about how do we actually implement a strategy of kind of moving to global platforms being able to have a single approach to data, super hard to do if you have got 50 vendors to 100 vendors. So, I would just say it’s tied to exactly the kind of strategies that we are advising clients on, but no big theme for us.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, with the record bookings in managed services, any near-term margin impacts we should consider as you ramp up and invest in those? Any considerations on adjusted operating margin cadence as you go through the second half?
KC McClure: Yes. No, there is nothing unusual.
Bryan Bergin: Alright. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support in all our people for what you are doing for our clients and for each other every day. Thanks everyone for joining.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today’s conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern today through June 22nd. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 4319130. International participants may dial 402-970-0847 and those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 and entering the access code 4319130. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-12-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Katie O'Conor. Please go ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2023 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Katie O'Conor, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you'll hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and, as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you to everyone joining us today and especially to our people around the world for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering another strong quarter of financial results and the broader 360-degree value we continue to create for all our stakeholders, our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Let me share a few highlights of this 360-degree value and our continued disciplined execution. We delivered strong bookings of $16.2 billion, with 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, demonstrating our clients’ continued commitment to transformation and our ability to understand and anticipate our clients' needs, whether for growth, cost optimization or resilience and our ability to deliver compressed transformations. We delivered revenues of $15.7 billion, representing 15% revenue growth in local currency, with double-digit growth in each market. We estimate that we are growing more than 2x the market, while delivering margin expansion of 20 basis points. We continue to invest in our people, with 10.4 million training hours this quarter, representing an average of 15 hours per person, providing learning opportunities and upscaling to enable us to pivot as our clients' needs evolve. We earned the number one position on the Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index for the third time in the past five years and a top score on the Workplace Pride Global Benchmark, recognizing Accenture as the leader in our industry. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion is both the right thing to do and an essential element of our business strategy and strong financial performance. We have reached 97% renewable electricity, closing in on our goal of 100% by the end of 2023. Our own progress in sustainability is important to our ability to lead in helping our clients harness this key force of change and in attracting top talent. Finally, I want to congratulate our more than 1,200 new promotes to Managing Director, 119 new appointments to Senior Managing Director and the more than 90,000 people we promoted around the world in Q1 overall, reflecting our commitment to providing vibrant career paths. Over to you KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were pleased with our overall results in the first quarter, where we continue to drive growth across markets, services and industries to extend our leadership position in the market. We ran our business with rigor and discipline and expanded operating margin while investing at scale, and we continue to deliver on our shareholder value proposition to both our financial results and by creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. Let me begin by summarizing a few key highlights across our three financial imperatives from the quarter. Revenues grew 15% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of about 9.5% compared to the 8.5% provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusted for the actual foreign exchange impact in the quarter, we were approximately $150 million above our guided range with double-digit growth across all of our markets and industry groups, with 10 of the 13 industries growing double digits and three high single digits. We continue to take market share with growth estimated to be more than 2x the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin was 16.5% for the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our people and our business, including acquisitions. We delivered very strong EPS of $3.08, up 11%, while absorbing a substantial FX headwind. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $397 million and returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $686 million in acquisitions. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $16.2 billion for the quarter with a book-to-bill of one and growth of 6% in local currency. Consulting bookings were $8.1 billion, with a book-to-bill of one. Managed Services bookings, which we formally refer to as Outsourcing, were $8.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. In addition, we continue to see improved pricing on our new bookings, which refer to contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $15.7 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.4 billion, up 1% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currency. Managed Services revenues were $7.3 billion, up 11% in U.S. dollars and 20% local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, Technology services grew strong double digits, Operations grew double digits and, as expected, Strategy & Consulting grew low single digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 11% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Public Service, consumer Retail and Travel Services, Industrial and Health. In Europe, revenues grew 17% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Industrial, Banking & Capital Markets and high single-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services. Looking closer to the countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy and France. In Growth Markets, we delivered 19% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Public Service, and Chemicals & Natural Resources. From a country perspective, gross markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.9%, consistent with the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.8% compared with 9.7% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.6% compared to 6.9% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.6 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 16.5% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q1 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.3% compared with an effective tax rate of 24.4% for the first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.08 compared with diluted EPS of $2.78 in the first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 48 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $397 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $495 million net of property and equipment additions of $99 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $5.9 billion compared with $7.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 5.2 million shares for $1.4 billion at an average price of $272.3 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $4.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share for a total of $706 million. This represents a 15% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on February 15, a 15% increase over last year. Finally, turning to the 360-degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders. We are extremely proud to be recognized as one of the seven company all stars on the Wall Street Journal Management Top 250 List for Excellence in customer satisfaction, employee engagement and development, innovation, social responsibility and financial strength, and we also received the top score for social responsibility overall. In summary, we were pleased with our results in the first quarter, and we're off to a strong start for the year. And now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, KC. We remain laser-focused on staying close to our clients, advising them how to navigate the macro, providing the right solutions to enable compressed transformations and adjusting to their changing needs. Let me give some further color on what we're seeing in the market and how we see the demand environment shaping up. Over the last quarter, as we can all read, the economic estimates for 2023 continue to decline. While the latest industry estimates for 2023's technology spending continue to show robust growth of 5% or so, we will see how the market evolves as clients finalize 2023 budgets. So what does today's market mean for our clients? We believe that the current macro is making it even clearer to clients that they need to change more, not less, and that two of the five key forces of change that we have identified for the next decade: the need for total enterprise reinvention enabled by tech data and AI; and the ability to access, create and unlock the potential of talent, are critical to succeed in the near, medium and long term. We see this continuing across industries and markets with two common themes. First, all strategies continue to lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security. And second, companies remain focused on executing compressed transformation to achieve lower costs, stronger growth, more agility and greater resilience faster. What does this mean for Accenture? Our strategy positions us for continued industry leadership because we have a unique set of strengths that our clients need to navigate today and succeed tomorrow. We are able to do so because of our deep strategy and consulting expertise across industries, allowing us to be a trusted adviser during different economic cycles as we bring the expertise, coupled with the real-life practical experience they need. Our ability to help clients achieve total enterprise reinvention through our depth across the enterprise, from the frontline to core operations to corporate functions, as well as our ability to advise our clients shape and deliver value-led transformations, and through our breadth of services, from strategy and consulting to our strategic managed services, which help clients digitize faster, access talent and lower costs. And our global footprint allows us to act at scale and with speed. Together, this positions us as the compressed transformation partner of choice, as you can see, and yet another strong quarter of clients who selected us for work of more than $100 million this quarter. I am pleased to see how quickly we are pivoting to meet the evolving needs of our clients. We have seen a higher level of sales and pipeline coming from cost-focused initiatives, often also including growth or capability enhancements. We are leveraging our breadth of services, deep-client and ecosystem relationships and industry and functional expertise to help our clients and Accenture shift to the highest value opportunities. Our track record of delivery at speed and scale over many years with clients -- remember, 99 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years, this gives our clients confidence that by partnering with us, they will deliver on their commitments. Investments in our assets and solutions such as myWizard and SynOps, which underlie both strategy and consulting, technology and operations managed services, as well as our delivery of compressed transformation, enables us to differentiate with our insights and services. Our ability to invest in acquisitions helps us to expand our relevance across the enterprise from building a digital core with Sentia and Albert, to optimizing upper duration to achieve agility, efficiency and resilience with Pilatus, to accelerating their growth agendas with RAMP, and our substantial investment in the skills of our people allows us to pivot to new areas of demand to be an attractive destination for top talent. Now let's turn to the quarter. To bring to life this demand environment across the five key forces of change for our clients: total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the metaverse and the ongoing tech revolution, which in turn drag our growth. First, total enterprise reinvention, we continue to help our clients achieve a new performance frontier by building their digital core, optimizing operations and accelerating growth, leveraging cloud, data and AI and new ways of working. We are helping Roche, a Swiss multinational health care company specializing in pharmaceuticals and diagnostics, with a total enterprise reinvention, building a digital infrastructure to match changing business needs. Using data integration, we have changed the way tumor boards are organized and conducted, empowering counter teams to be more efficient and effective in determining next steps for cancer care. And we have built a digital ecosystem that will create innovative products and solutions to drive diabetes care. Now as part of one of the largest ERP modernizations in the world, we are working together to deploy a digital backbone that will unify and harmonize nearly 700 business processes for more than 100,000 end users. The integrated platform will simplify the system landscape and connect activities across the value chain from R&D and manufacturing to patient treatment. Cloud, a $26 billion business in FY '22 grew 48%, with even stronger growth in Cloud First and continues to grow very strong double digits. In fact, we believe that the cloud continuum will become the new operative system for the future enterprise. Migrating to the cloud to drive efficiencies is just the first step. As we anticipated with our Cloud First strategy and investments, we are seeing our clients make significant investments to modernize, improve and innovate in the cloud, leveraging data and AI to drive new business value. For example, Accenture Federal Services is partnering with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a U.S. federal agency under the Department of Health and Human Services, to accelerate its migration to the cloud across the enterprise and modernize its IT portfolio. Through this work, we will also help to achieve CDC's mission to protect people from health, safety and security threats by supporting the development of integrated, real-time public health data and surveillance systems. As our clients build their digital core, security continues to be more important than ever, as reflected in our very strong double-digit growth in Q1. We are expanding our cybersecurity footprint for a large health care network in Brazil to elevate their cybersecurity posture to a new hot level of preparedness. We are growing the organization's security profile with a cyber as a service solution that will enhance the cyber readiness of their infrastructure and operations. This new project not only consolidates the work that up to four different providers typically do, it also is the largest cybersecurity contract ever signed in Brazil by any provider. High demand for our strategic Managed Services, reflecting $7.3 billion in revenue and 20% growth in the quarter, demonstrates the importance of these services to our client strategies as it enables clients to move faster, leveraging our digital platform's expertise and talent. Our Managed Services are differentiated by our ability to bring in our deep expertise from across the enterprise, including Song, which grew double digits in the first quarter. For example, we're expanding our partnership with Allianz, an Italian and main bank of Allianz Group, to continue the bank's digital transformation with a new platform in the cloud, a modern IT architecture and a new operating model. Our Song team is helping to create a new customer mobile app to improve customer experience. And our end-to-end managed services capabilities, tailored to the financial services industry, will help the bank grow and scale its position in the market, ensure regulatory compliance and lower total cost of ownership. We continue to see strong demand for our industry edge capabilities, digitizing engineering and manufacturing, which we see as the next digital frontier with continued very strong double-digit growth in Q1. We are helping Celanese, a global chemical and specialty materials company on their digital transformation journey that will increase their manufacturing production resiliency, productivity and predictability of plant operations. We're teaming with ecosystem partners to design and implement a scalable digital twin platform at one of their largest manufacturing facilities, which plans to increase revenues through increased plant output, reduce costs through improved productivity, product quality and equipment reliability and improve overall safety in the workplace. We also are supporting an enterprise cloud transformation to provide a scalable platform for future enterprise growth and innovation. Next, talent. Our clients continue to look to us to access, create and unlocked talent as a critical element of their transformation. We're helping a global chemical manufacturer with an end-to-end IT transformation as part of their multiyear digital journey. The Company faces increasing IT costs, aging assets and tools and overreliance on contractors. We're implementing a full Managed Services model that will help modernize its IT, and this digital transformation includes a talent transformation. Together, we will upskill their people and data cloud and AI through our Accenture Academy so that everyone grows together, helping the Company leapfrog its competitors with innovative industry-leading solutions. Now, sustainability. We continue to prioritize embedding sustainability into our clients' digital transformation and on providing a direct sustainability service. For example, we are expanding our partnership with the European Multinational Aerospace Corporation to help improve their environmental and social impact across the enterprise. In recent years, we have worked together to digitize the Company's supply chain and manufacturing operations using a digital twin to improve productivity and reduce waste. Now we are working together to advance their sustainability agenda. We're supporting their aviation decarbonization road map, from accelerating the use of sustainable aviation fuel to helping design low-emissions aircraft. We are finding new ways to help make the supply chain more transparent and ethical, helping the Company replace hazardous materials from the product life cycle with safer, greener alternatives. And we are outlining a strategy to help them meet its net zero targets and internally foster a culture that is focused on sustainability. Finally, the metaverse and the ongoing tech revolution. While still in the early innings, we believe the metaverse will not only change how people work, but it will also profoundly change every part of every business, from how we interact with customers, what products and services they offer, how they are made and distributed, how you engage with your people from employee onboarding to personal productivity. We're partnering with NTT DOCOMO, a Japanese mobile operator to speed up the adoption of Web3, a new blockchain-based version of the Internet that promises a digital economy with greater social impact. We will develop and grow a secure technology platform for Web3, which will enable new products, services and community building. Training will ensure that Web3 engineers and business leaders collaborate with organizations effectively and securely on the platform. NTT DoCoMo's work on societal issues will now expand with the use of Web3, helping companies and governments transform social infrastructures and provide solutions that would improve people's lives. We continue to invest ahead of our clients' teams to the future, with a keen focus on innovation and the ongoing tech revolution. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Turning now to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '23, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.2 billion to $15.75 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '22 and reflects an estimated 6% to 10% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '23, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 5% compared to fiscal '22. For the full fiscal '23, we continue to expect our revenue to be in the range of 8% to 11% growth in local currency over fiscal '22, which continue to assume an inorganic contribution of about 2.5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal '23 to be 15.3% to 15.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '22 results. I mentioned last quarter, we may see more variability in quarters as we go throughout fiscal year '23, and that's playing out as we expected, with contraction in the second quarter expected and potentially overall for H1. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal '22. For earnings per share, based on the change to FX, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '23 to be in the range of $11.20 to $11.52 or 5% to 8% growth over fiscal '22 results. Full fiscal '23, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.5 billion to $9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $800 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.7 billion to $8.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1%. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Katie?
Katie O'Conor: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep one to question and a follow-up to allow us to as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Happy holidays. Really good results, strong results here. The one area that was a little softer was the Strategy & Consulting area, and I think you guys called that out as expected. Just thinking about Strategy & Consulting that you knew it was going to be a little bit softer, and it's becoming a little bit softer. Is that just more the move towards the cost agenda versus growth and just thinking about what we can expect there going forward?
KC McClure: Hi, Bryan, thanks for the question. As you mentioned, our Strategy & Consulting results for Q1, they did come in as expected. But let's talk about what we're seeing go forward. And we do see a slight decline in Strategy & Consulting for Q2 before we're going to reconnect with growth in H2. And why is that for Q2? It's really a couple of things. We do see that we are going to have some impact from less revenue from smaller deals that which Julie will talk a little bit about here. And second, we do continue to see our S&C practitioners focus on high impact transformational deals, and they're going to bleed into revenue a little bit later in the year. There's a really important to our clients, but the revenue conversions at a slower pace.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Bryan, maybe -- I want to maybe say -- to make sort of two points. So first of all, specifically on S&C, I think it's important to understand we really have a tale of two worlds. So our S&C work is growing high single-digit to low double-digit when it's tied to areas around cloud, enterprise and industry platforms, talent, cost reduction, everything tied to building to the core. So underneath our results, like that's growing great. The other world, right, is S&C that's tied to things like ad spend, creative marketing strategy and campaigns and other sort of front-office initiatives are contracting, right? And that's, of course, the strength of Accenture, is that we've got a very broad range of services even within the Strategy & Consulting as well as a broad range of industries. And so while the -- at the top line, you saw it 3% this quarter, there'll be a slight decline next quarter, underneath that, you've got a lot of strength in everything that's really driving our results. And I think that's really important to just understand. But then, I want to take a step back and just maybe comment on the demand environment. KC just mentioned kind of the impact in S&C and smaller deals. So first of all, like we're obviously super pleased with Q1, right? Great growth, and we're really happy with how we're seeing the year start. Now at the same time, what do we see over the last 90 days, what we saw what everybody saw, right, which was the macros continue to have uncertainty and you've got GDP estimates declining over the past 90 days. And on the one hand, our clients clearly are remaining ambitious, right, they're committed to revamping their business. And you see that in the 24 clients with quarterly new bookings over $100 million, right, which is an increase over this time last year. At the same time, they're more and more focused on cost and resilience. And many are having to make pretty hard choices, right, because the macro affects the industries differently. So you've got some industries, retail consumer goods, that are much more challenged than say, energy. But at the same time, and we talked about starting to see this last quarter, kind of regardless of industry, as the macro uncertainty has increased, right, they're being a little bit more cautious. So we're seeing some delays in decision-making. We see changes in the pace of spending, and we're seeing some pausing of the smaller deals. And all of this impacts the smaller deals more than the bigger deals because we're continuing to see that big transformation focus. So that impacts our revenue and profit build over the year, which is part of what we're seeing in S&C in the second quarter with the decline. And then, I just want to remind everyone that this is exactly the environment that you see the strength of Accenture. It is because we are so broadly diverse. I mean you saw it in the examples in my script, all around the world, all around industries. But who else could be in Asia doing border security, in the U.S., working with the state of Missouri on a talent and tech implementation; in Europe, working with a European grocer doing IT modernization, cost reduction and customer experience? Just moving around the world, you're back into Asia, working with a telecom operator, digitizing their platform, creating a new customer experience. And so, you just continue to see that our strategy that we've had for decades to be across industries, a global footprint and depth and breadth of services. I mean Managed Services is on fire because we could digitize faster, get that compressed transformation, help them access the talent and lower cost. So back to you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Just to – and good morning. I just add to the Bryan's last question here, just as on the visibility side, especially in consulting relative to Managed Services. And given, Julie, what you just said there, any change in your thinking on mix of growth across Consulting versus Managed Services, asking for both, I guess, bookings as well as revenue here?
KC McClure: Yes. I'll take – Hey, Tien-Tsin. I'll take the -- in terms of the outlook for how we see growth going by our various – by our two types of work. So for the full year, at the top end of our range, we see Consulting high single digits, and we see Managed Services continue to grow double digits. And as it relates to outlook and bookings, what we're seeing is that we do have a strong pipeline and we actually see continued strong pricing in that pipeline. And we do see that we will have a solid bookings quarter in Q2, and that includes Consulting. It's likely -- it will likely be lower though than the record bookings in Consulting that we had last quarter, and we expect to continue to see really strong bookings in Managed Services.
Julie Sweet: Yes, and we're going to continue to focus our Strategy & Consulting expertise on these platform and cloud-led transformation.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Gotcha. Okay. Perfect. Then a quick follow, if you don't mind. I heard the pricing favorable utilization looks like it's steady attrition nicely, better or lower, 13%, I think I saw on the sheet there. So just same question on visibility with respect to cost and margin, if you're flexing or changing anything here, I know the range overall is the same, but it feels like you've got a good line of sight in terms of your costs. I just wanted to confirm that.
KC McClure: Yes. Sure. So I'll talk a little bit about on the attrition point, and then we can get into kind of what we're seeing overall in our cost and our visibility in that regard. So attrition was down to 13%, and I think all of you know, but there's a structural pattern of attrition that typically comes down from Q4 to Q1. This year came down at a tick more, and we're really pleased with that. And that means we have to hire fewer replacement people, it means less recruiting costs, and you saw that in our improvement in G&A this quarter, and it's less ramp up for new hires. And so Tien-Tsin, in terms of visibility of what we see, I mean, we expect to continue to hire for the specific skills that we need. With upskilling, we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout the year. But we have a very deep -- and we have a very deep competency in our supply and demand balancing and we're always focused on. And in terms of profit, let me talk a little bit about what we're seeing in operating margin. So operating margin, we're pleased with the 20 basis point expansion that we have in Q1 and really pleased to be confirming our 10 to 30 basis points expansion for the year. And as I said last quarter, we'd be pleased to land anywhere within the 10 to 30 basis point range. But let me give you a little bit more color about what we're seeing in Q2 and then just the visibility, as you ask, about the rest of the year. So I mentioned last quarter, we may see more variability in the quarters as we get through fiscal '23. And as I mentioned in the script, that is exactly playing out. Now, there's a few reasons for that. So in Q2 overall, the first thing, and I think all of you know, it's a structurally lower profit quarter just to begin with, in part because of the holidays. As well as for us, it's when most of our compensation increases kick in. So while we've planned for those comp increases, it does take some time to work through our P&L. And then in addition, in Q2, the impact of the changes of smaller deal volumes that Julie described, it's going to impact Q2 revenue. And that -- when you take everything into consideration, that's why we expect the Q2 operating margin decline in Q2 and potentially for the first half of the year. And so with that, then the math shows that most of our margin expansion will be in the back half of the year. And how -- why is it that we see that? We have a strong pipeline, as I mentioned. We have continued strong pricing improvements in our pipeline. And as always, we have some simple, but important levers on how we run our business. We are going to in addition to pricing, focused on cost efficiencies and delivery efficiencies within how we run our contracts. We're going to manage supply and demand, as we always do, with even more rigor and discipline. And we're going to continue to work on digitizing and cost-effective running the operations of Accenture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from SVB MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: I wanted to ask, Julie, a bit about the progress on compressed transformations. I think you started using that phrase about two years ago sort of in the earlier days of the pandemic. And now as you're working with clients looking out into 2023, can you just give some color on sort of like how far they are along in the compressed transformation? Is this -- do we -- are we still only in the third or fourth inning? Or a lot of your clients sort of in full rollout mode and we've got a couple of years left? Just trying to get a sense for sort of that big push we've seen, how far through the process are we? How much of this sort of sustained growth can we expect going forward?
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Lisa. It's a great question. And there's a couple of ways that you look at it. So what we saw particularly in the early days was that leaders before the pandemic kind of we're doubling down and becoming more ambitious. And from that time, you've got more and more companies then looking to see their competitors and sort of being pushed to themselves being more ambitious. And so, I think I shared last quarter that we got some recent research that said something like 68% of CFOs we surveyed are working in companies that have three or more transformation programs in progress in parallel. That being said, it's still very much the early days because we're so early in building the digital core that's enabling these transformations. So while we've had a big acceleration on the migration to the cloud, it's still kind of early innings, 35% or so. And most of the companies report, that although the -- when they get to the cloud they haven't actually been able to access the services and get the value yet, and that's why you're continuing just to see this drive in our cloud business, particularly Cloud First, because we continue to do all the migration work. And then those we've migrated are now coming to us and say, "Hey, look, we sign these big consumption contracts. We're trying to figure out how to transform our business and we don't know how to." So you basically got people who have moved fast, have lots more to do, and that's this concept of total enterprise reinvention. And then you have many companies that are just starting to really take on these more ambitious programs. So, we see this as a decade of transformation.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Good. Then a quick one on M&A. I think you highlighted, KC, about close to $700 million in this past quarter in M&A. Can you guys just give a little more color on what you're seeing in the environment? Have you seen some of the private valuations come in? And are you seeing sort of an uptick in activity in that space?
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean great companies never come at cheap prices, is what I would say. So -- and we really try to focus on buying highly valued companies. So we really aren't seeing that. The broader environment, yes, but where we're focusing, we're not really seeing any big differences. And we think that's the right answer, right, we want to buy great companies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: And I guess my question, I've noticed your -- the strategic priorities continue to grow significantly. And they grew at the same pace, at least the qualitative like numbers you wrote were at the same pace as last quarter. Is that -- I mean, is that like very close to, I guess, the same growth? Like did it decelerate at all? Or is that actually very similar? And what percent of revenues are those? Just I'm kind of thinking through the rest of the business must have decelerated a little more of that.
KC McClure: Yes. So, overall -- let me say first, Happy Holidays. It's good to talk to you. In terms of overall, our strategic priorities, as you mentioned, and you're right, you would expect in a quarter where we grew 15%, we did have higher growth overall in terms of what we have in our strategic priorities. They would -- in total, they did grow at a faster pace than the rest of Accenture at 15%, which is the intent overall of our strategic priority. And so -- which does account for the majority of our revenue.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, as you go forward, we talked a little bit about earlier, you've got parts of our business like some of the customer focus ad spending and marketing that's -- where clients are more challenged to be able to prioritize those areas, you also see some changing in industry. So, we're all reading about comms, media and tech, right? So, we are going to see -- we expect kind of a slowdown in spending from those clients as they reposition and think about sort of their -- what the changes they need to make, and we're helping them do that. So again, the diversity of our business really helps us balance. You do have, at any given time in an environment like this, areas that -- where the clients are having to make different choices and we're trying to pivot to help them and be really relevant to their current needs. And that's why it was so important to see the -- we've been talking about this for a couple of quarters, the importance of cost and to see that really coming through in our sales and pipeline, just demonstrates how our breadth of services allows us to pivot to the needs of our clients.
David Koning: Yes. Got you. And just one quick follow-up. You mentioned in Consulting, I think Tien-Tsin asked, you mentioned in Consulting, I think, bookings being down. Was that sequentially or year-over-year? And is that on a constant currency basis?
KC McClure: Yes. So just first of all, bookings overall in terms -- let's just talk about bookings overall, Dave. They were up in local currency by 6%. But when you take the FX headwind, they were down overall in U.S. dollars. And what I mentioned was -- we expect a strong bookings quarter in Q2. The question that Tien-Tsin had was about the Consulting bookings expectation for Q2, and we expect a strong bookings in Q2. I just want to remind you that that's where we -- that was also the quarter though, last year, where we had our record Consulting bookings last year of about $11 billion. And so I just wanted to set the expectation that will be strong, it may not surpass the $11 billion that we did last quarter, last year in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Just wanted to follow up on the D&A question, and I completely get the point around valuations and wanting to look at the best companies. But are there any specific capabilities we should think about that you would be targeting especially as you're seeing clients evolve a bit their needs in the current environment?
Julie Sweet: So a few things, right? So first of all, since the pandemic began, we've been very focused on building scale in markets around cloud, data and AI because that's so critical to building the digital core. So last quarter, we bought something in the Nordics, for example, that was all about getting scale. We bought something in France around mainframes because that's a very specific skillset that is relevant to moving some industries like financial services off of these core systems. And so we'd expect to continue to invest there. And we did this quarter, for example, with eLogic and with Sensis, these were acquisitions that we did this quarter, all in sort of the cloud and cloud platform technology space. Data and AI solutions will continue to be important. And again, we try to focus both on scale and getting scale in market. So we made a really exciting acquisition in Japan this quarter around data and AI solutions because we see that such a big market for us and we see a lot of interest, and it was just a great company. So, if you think about what clients are focused on building their digital core, that's going to continue to be a focus. The next digital frontier, so supply chain, digitizing supply chain and manufacturing, so we made a couple of acquisitions there this quarter, MacGregor, Stellantis. And so really, we keep very close to our strategy, which is tied to clients. They want reinvention across the enterprise, so continuing to build areas like in the digital frontier, making sure we've got scale and all of the capabilities needed across the digital core will continue to be a focus.
James Faucette: That's great. And then just as a quick follow-up, and it's kind of related to accounting or some of the accounting metrics that are moving in. Looking at DSOs, you guys almost always have industry-leading DSOs. But for you specifically, it looks like it's a little bit higher than last year. Can you talk us through puts and takes and what's moving that around? And should we expect to see improvement from here? Or is this something, just from a monitoring working capital, that this is the kind of level we should expect going forward?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks for the question. And you're right, we do have industry-leading DSO, and we continue to have industry-leading DSOs. So let's talk about what we're seeing this quarter. So we had 48 days this quarter. And I think as you know, we do have a structural uptick every year from Q4 to Q1. And this is about a day of higher uptick than we would traditionally have, but it's nothing that we're concerned about. And we do feel really good about our DSO coming down by the end of the year. As I mentioned in our free cash flow guidance at the beginning of the year, we did allow for a couple of days uptick in DSO, and that's what we still expect. And maybe I'll talk a little bit about the free cash flow. So when you take a look at that in free cash flow and our expectations, overall for free cash flow for the year, you heard me reiterate the free cash flow guidance for the year. So that allows for us to have a few days uptick in DSO. And so, we're still really -- feel that the $1.1 billion is a really very strong free cash flow guidance, and it takes into account and increased DSO for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: I wanted to follow up on the growth outlook and a little bit of the client behavior. So I'm curious if you've seen any actual change in backlog or prior book sales being deferred or potentially coming out there? So I hear you on the macro uncertainty, and I'm curious if their incidence of clients actually taking work out versus more so dragging on new bookings?
KC McClure: Yes. So, I -- we haven't seen any real change. What you're talking about is what's happening with the work that we've already sold, we're not seeing any real change in anything that's already in our book of business in terms of what's happening with the macro. And Julie, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add?
Julie Sweet: Yes -- no. And really I think what's important is that regardless of industry or country, the focus still is on transformation, right? There is nobody saying, "I'm going to change less," right? Unfortunately, the companies are having -- sometimes are having a harder time, right, doing what they'd like to do because they're under pressure. And again, that's where our relationships really matter because we're the trusted partner, right? And if you got to know that whatever you are going to spend money on, it's going to have to deliver value, it's a flight to quality, right? And so, we've seen that since the early days of the pandemic, and it continues in this environment. And remember, that the idea of total enterprise reinvention is things are connected. Like I gave the example of the European grocer, right? One company that can transform IT, do an ad strategy, provide personalized customer experience and lower overall cost, right, that is not easy to do, and it requires industry expertise and expertise in many parts of the enterprise. And that's really where our resilience comes from. And by the way, also our ability to pivot, right, to pivot, and that particular one started as a cost play, and we were able to show the client how not only could they reduce cost, but they could actually drive more growth by connecting these things and understanding the intersections. And that's what we're focused on, right? We always start with what do our clients need. And right now, they need to be more efficient, they need to do more with less, they need to optimize what they have and we're investing. And I will tell you that one of the things that's so critical are assets and solutions. Because I was just doing or earlier this week, and I always ask the client what do you think about what you've seen, and they're like, it's amazing like you have this myWizard platform, it's got data, it's got AI, it's stuff that we can even begin to build, and you not only have it built but it's been used in thousands of clients. So that's the kind of place where our ability to invest, not just now, but over the last decade, really matters to clients. And compared to anybody out there, right, the amount of money that we're putting in acquisitions and solutions is really tremendous in driving value for our clients.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. That's good to hear. Follow-up, just geographic and vertical growth performance was quite broad-based here. Did you expect that to continue through the balance of the year? And I was particularly surprised on Europe and Growth Markets actually outperforming North America, is that going to persist or do you see that changing?
Julie Sweet: By the way, my CEO of Europe and my CEO of Growth Markets like that out to their friends in North America as well. So, a little good-natured competition there, but KC, why don't you...
KC McClure: Yes. And so in terms of what we expect to see for the year, we do expect to see Europe and Growth Markets for the full year be in the double-digit range. And we do expect that North America, which is -- as the CEO of North America says, "I have a much, much bigger business," will grow at a mid- to high single-digit range for the year. And Julie, I don't know if there's anything else that you want to add on...
Julie Sweet: Yes, on North America, I mean, they had unbelievable growth last year on a huge book of business. So growing anywhere in the high single digit to double digit again this year is quite impressive. I mean their growth was 26% last year. So, we are very pleased with kind of the growth we see ahead.
Katie O'Conor: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call. Please go ahead.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Let me say a good quarter in a tough environment and also Happy Holidays. Let me -- I'll ask both the questions together. The first one is I see the sequential hiring growth, and obviously, many other tech companies cutting back. And I'm wondering if your positive hiring is partly a function of the rapid decline in attrition, so you might not have put the brakes on hiring yet? So, what should we expect for hiring? And could you comment on wage inflation?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Hi, Ashwin, nice to speak with you. So just in terms of what we expect for hiring, first of all, as you know, our ability to manage supply and demand is a core competency of ours, and we're always focused on it. And so, we did hire about -- we added about 17,000 people this quarter, as you mentioned. And we will continue to hire for the specific skills that we need. I think I made reference to that earlier, which means we may not need to hire as many people as we go throughout the year, but we'll balance that as we go through. And on wage inflation, I'll just go back to what we said when we set guidance, we did see wage inflation continuing. We do have comp increases that are kicking in that we've planned for, of course, and included in our pricing. But they are higher than they've been, and that's a statement across all industries, all geographies. And of course, that we're no different in that regard.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And then on bookings, obviously, a good quarter overall. And you've referenced the underlying sort of Consulting versus Managed Services a couple of times. I want to kind of take that forward and ask the revenue conversion question because, obviously, Consulting, one might think of shorter cycle and it gets into revenue faster; Managed Services, longer ramps and things like that. Is that a fair observation still just looking at what you signed? And how might that affect sort of the calendar 2023 layout, if you will?
KC McClure: Yes. I think here's the way I would look at it. In terms of when you look at Managed Services and Consulting, as a broad statement, you have more the benefit of Managed Services is that you have already sold a fair amount of work, right? So while they are longer deals and they made the deals that you sell in that quarter may turn into revenue a little shorter than they would in A consulting sale, for example, which is typically a shorter duration, you have more work already sold as you go into a quarter. So there's a terrific benefit to that, which is why we like this diversity, right? We have that as well as in Consulting. They do -- the length and shape of them really do vary. And when you look at it overall, Ashwin, if you go back, and I know you followed us for a long time, and just look at our mix, of Managed Services to Consulting, it doesn't really change the bookings, really don't change much as you go throughout our history, in terms of the percent -- the proportion of each.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean this year, the bigger shift that we called out is just the smaller deal volume that's tied more to the macro and the sort of the shift on to these mega transformation deals, some of which are Consulting, some of which are Managed Services, they just bleed through revenue differently. So, that's more of the impact this year that we see right now. Okay. Well, thank you very much, and happy holidays. Good. So in closing, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support and all of our people for what you do every day. And I'd like to wish everyone a happy and healthy holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-09-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2023. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and effect are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and everyone joining us today. And thank you to our 721,000 people around the globe for delivering a truly extraordinary year. We measure our success by both our financial results and the broader 360-degree value we create for all our stakeholders, our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Strong financial results allow us to deliver more 360-degree value. Let me share a few highlights of this extraordinary year. In FY '22, we delivered record bookings of $72 billion. As our clients continue to execute compressed transformations, we had 100 clients with quarterly bookings greater than $100 million compared to $72 million last fiscal year. We delivered revenues of $62 billion, representing a record 26% growth in local currency, adding $11 billion in revenue for the year. We continue to take significant market share growing more than 2x the market. Our financial results reflect our commitment to creating value for our clients every day, which is why they are turning to us as their trusted partner across the enterprise. We now have 267 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships compared to 229 last fiscal year. We expanded operating margin by 10 basis points and had EPS growth of 22% over adjusted FY '21 EPS, demonstrating our ability to grow profitably and at scale. We achieved this profitable growth while continuing to invest significantly in our business and people with $3.4 billion deployed across 38 acquisitions that are well balanced across markets, services and strategic priorities; $1.1 billion invested in R&D assets, platforms and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,300; and $1.1 billion invested in the training and development of our people to grow the skills needed to serve our clients. We continue to offer an employee value proposition that includes providing vibrant career paths and opportunities for our people with approximately 157,000 promotions and over 40 million training hours while expanding our workforce by almost 100,000 and achieving 47% women as we continue our progress towards gender parity by 2025. We believe our unwavering commitment to diversity, broadly defined and inclusion is an essential element of our ability to deliver market-leading financial results because our diversity and inclusiveness makes us smarter, more innovative and more attractive to top talent. We achieved over 85% renewable electricity powering our offices and centers around the world on our way to 100% by 2023. We prioritize creating value around the world and the communities where we work and live, both through investments and job creation and through our direct support of meaningful local initiatives, including our apprenticeship programs in the U.S., UK, Switzerland and Latin America and our growing partnership with Youth Business International, which will help an additional estimated 240,000 young entrepreneurs, ages 18 to 35, build skills and success in a digital future on top of the 370,000 young entrepreneurs already supported through this partnership in many different communities throughout the world. This year, we are proud to achieve our highest brand value and rank to date on BrandZ's prestigious Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list, increasing 28% to over $82 billion and ranking number 26. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which completes another outstanding year for Accenture. Once again, our results continue to provide strong validation of our leadership position in the marketplace, the relevance of our services to our clients and our ability to consistently deliver on our shareholder value proposition, including both our financial results and creating 360-degree value for all our stakeholders. So let me begin by summarizing a few highlights from the quarter across our three financial imperatives. Revenue grew 22.4% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth across all markets, services and industries. We once again extended our leadership position with growth estimated to be more than 2x the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin was 14.7%, an increase of 10 basis points for the quarter. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our people and our business. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.60, which represents 18% growth compared to EPS last year. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3.6 billion, driven by superior DSO management. Now let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $18.4 billion for the quarter, our second highest ever with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Consulting bookings were $8.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1. Outsourcing bookings of $9.9 billion were a record with a book-to-bill of 1.4. We were very pleased with our strong bookings this quarter, which reflects 22% growth in U.S. dollars and 31% growth in local currency, including 26 clients with bookings over $100 million in the quarter. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $15.4 billion, a 15% increase in U.S. dollars and 22.4% in local currency. Consolidated revenues for the quarter were $8.3 billion, up 14% in U.S. dollars and 22% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $7.1 billion, up 16% in U.S. dollars and 23% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our sales dimensions. Technology services grew very strong double digits, operations grew strong double digits and strategy and consulting grew double digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 18% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in public service, software and platforms and consumer goods, retail and travel services. In Europe, revenues grew 26% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in industrial, banking and capital markets and consumer goods, retail and travel services. Looking closer to the countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in Germany, the UK, Italy and France. In growth markets, we delivered 26% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in banking and capital markets, consumer goods, retail and travel services and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan and Australia. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.1% compared with 33.3% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.2% compared with 11.3% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 7.1% compared to 7.4% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.7% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q4 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 25% for the fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.60 compared with EPS of $2.20 in the fourth quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 43 days compared to 44 days last quarter and 38 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3.6 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.8 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $177 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $7.9 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.1 million shares for $605 million at an average price of $293.23 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share for a total of $614 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.12 per share to be paid on November 15, a 15% increase over last year. And approved $3 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Now, I would like to take a moment to summarize our outstanding year. We were extremely pleased with our performance in fiscal year '22, greatly exceeding almost all aspects of our original outlook that we provided last September. We delivered $71.7 billion in new bookings, reflecting 21% growth in U.S. dollars, hitting 100 clients with quarterly bookings of $100 million, which positions us well as we begin FY '23. We added significant scale with a record $11 billion in incremental revenue, almost double what we added in fiscal '21. Revenue of $61.6 billion for the year reflects growth of 26% in local currency. Operating margin of 15.2% reflects a 10 basis point expansion over FY '21. We were extremely pleased that we were able to deliver within our original guided range particularly with the continued significant investment in our business and people, including higher wages. Earnings per share were $10.71, reflecting 22% growth over adjusted FY '21 EPS, which is our highest growth in over a decade, reinforcing our ability to grow at scale profitably. As a reminder, we adjusted earnings last year to exclude gains on an investment. Free cash flow of $8.8 billion was significantly above our original guided range, reflecting a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.3. And with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, we exceeded our original guidance for capital allocation by returning $6.6 billion of cash to shareholders while investing approximately $3.4 billion across 38 acquisitions. In addition to these excellent financial results, let me turn to the 360-degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders. Through our partnership with Save the Children, we are preparing young people for a more sustainable and exclusive future by skilling an estimated 70,000 people to drive social and environmental change. For more information on the 360-degree value we are creating, please go to the Accenture 360-degree value reporting experience, which reflects new information each quarter. So again, FY '22 was a truly extraordinary year and we are now focused on delivering in fiscal '23. And now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. We succeed by being close to our clients, understanding and anticipating their needs, helping them from strategy to execution with the best solutions for their businesses, whether for growth, cost optimization or both and resilience. And it all starts with technology. With the breadth and depth of our existing capabilities, combined with our incredible learning organization, we are able to pivot as necessary, positioning us to serve our clients' changing needs and capture new market opportunities all while being laser-focused on our own operational excellence. I will give some color on the demand we are seeing. First of all, against the backdrop of the current macroeconomic environment, we delivered $18.4 billion in new bookings in Q4, a year-over-year increase of 31% in local currency. While industries and markets are being affected differently, there are two common themes: all strategies lead to technology, particularly cloud, data, AI and security, which are fundamental to its strong digital core. Our cloud business is now $26 billion and grew 48%, with Cloud First being the biggest driver of the growth. Companies are also seeking to execute compressed transformations, the second theme. These mean bold programs on accelerated time frames often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise at the same time. Managed services have become increasingly strategic as companies seek to move faster and leverage our digital platform and talent, and they are turning to Accenture because of our excellence across the enterprise. We are unmatched in terms of breadth and depth of capabilities and industry coverage. We continue to see a growing number of companies embrace the need to harness the five key forces of change that we have identified for the next decade. Total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the Metaverse Continuum and the ongoing tech revolution, which in turn will fuel our growth. Let me bring this demand to life. First, total enterprise reinvention. We are helping our clients transform every part of their business with technology from building a digital core to optimizing operations to achieve agility, efficiency and resilience to accelerating their growth agendas. While it is still early stages, there are leading companies that have begun systematically transforming multiple parts of their enterprise from moving to the cloud and adopting new ways of working to digitizing manufacturing, to reimagining shared services to creating entirely new business models. Unilever, one of the world's largest consumer goods companies is an example of a company that is leading in total enterprise reinvention. Together, we are setting a new industry standard by reinventing technology delivery with cutting-edge automation, delivering cloud migration at scale, the largest ERP migration to the cloud and the industry and shifting to technology solutions that support their growth strategy. They have changed their business model from a matrix structure to being organized around five distinct business groups. Each business group is fully responsible and accountable for their strategy, growth and profit delivery globally. Now we are helping them build a B2B marketplace that will help millions of small retailers in emerging markets grow their business and create what the Company called shared prosperity. We helped launch in seven markets in just 12 months, implemented a cloud-native, scalable commerce platform powered by data and advanced analytics, and we are managing front-end back-office operations and campaigns delivered in partnership with the Accenture Song team. Because across our industries, we are as relevant to the boardroom to the CFO to the business unit leader to the GM of the factory, and we understand the connections across the enterprise we are uniquely positioned to help our clients as they seek to often simultaneously drive growth, efficiency, cost reduction and increased resilience. For example, we are helping Lupin Limited, a global pharmaceutical company, become an intelligent enterprise by enabling its data-driven transformation journey. A new digital platform will unlock enterprise data to increase efficiencies and decision-makers will now have real-time visibility into integrated data across 100 countries and 15 manufacturing and research facilities. This consolidated view of global business operations and performance will help the Company navigate supply chain disruptions and accelerate product innovation and speed to market while supporting the Company's mission to provide affordable health care to people around the world. We see continued demand for our industry capabilities, which are all about digitizing engineering and manufacturing -- this is the next digital frontier. Industry X revenues grew 38% in FY '22 to total $7 billion. We are helping EDF, a French multinational utility company digitize the construction of a nuclear power station that will provide low carbon energy for more than 6 million U.K. homes. As part of a total enterprise reinvention, our Industry X team transformed EDF digital construction processes by creating a global digital factory model on a secure cloud infrastructure, driving cost efficiency. Construction methods that used to be paper and blueprint based will be digitized and AI will consolidate parts information from millions of pages of supplier guides. Digital dashboards will provide real-time data visibility across all systems and digital twins will help identify areas for automation across power plants, all of which drive safety, efficiency and quality. We are leveraging our expertise of nuclear construction in our cutting-edge cloud, digital and AI capabilities to help EDF deliver on one of the largest capital projects in Europe and accelerate its mission, helping Britain achieve net-zero. And our operation services, now a $9 billion business with 19% growth in FY '22 are fundamental to total enterprise reinvention for our clients because they help our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce cost. For example, we are collaborating with one of the world's largest commercial vehicle manufacturers to develop an independent finance operation, leveraging our deep functional expertise in finance and accounting. With our managed services, we will implement a new platform underpinned by SynOps. Automation, data and analytics will drive and provide real-time decisions while digitizing processes to improve efficiency and user experience, all leading to significant cost reductions, better decision-making and savings. And as our clients build their digital core, security continues to be more important than ever, With over $6 billion in revenue and 45% growth, our integrated security capabilities from identity to threat intelligence to manage security services to incident response are critical as our clients respond to increasing risk as the security landscape widens. We are working with an Asian multinational conglomerate to deliver a comprehensive managed security services, security operations center and holistic security solution to detect, monitor and respond to global security threats 24/7. We will also manage tools to continuously monitor end-user devices to detect and respond to cyber threats, like ransomware and malware and will perform regular threat hunting activities to detect new cyber hacking techniques. This will provide its business units with timely detection and defense against cyber attacks, deliver threat intel for proactive defense, reduce false alarms by 90% and minimize emergency incidents to less than 1% of total incidents. Moving from total enterprise reinvention to the other five forces. Next, talent. Our clients look to us to help them access, create and unlock the potential of talent. We collaborated with Sky, one of Europe's leading media and entertainment companies to modernize its employee experience in human resources operations in the era of hybrid working. By migrating to a Software-as-a-Service multi-platform human capital management solution, all in the cloud, employees will be empowered with anytime, anywhere self-service solutions and access to real-time data and dashboards across all markets in one place. The solution supports all people, management functions from recruiting and onboarding to performance management and learning as well as compensation, benefits and payroll integration. Employees have the full picture of their work experience at their fingertips helping them to build their careers and perform at even higher levels. Now, sustainability. With $1 billion in revenues in FY '22, we continue to believe clients will increasingly need our sustainability services in the decade to come. We collaborated with Swisscom, Switzerland's number one firm for communications, IT and entertainment, on a climate strategy to reduce the Company's emissions and help its customers reduce their emissions by 1 million tons of carbon by 2025 and equal to 2% of Switzerland's total carbon emissions by leveraging technology such as cloud, data, AI, 5G and IoT. These technologies will address faster and higher capacity data transmission with remote management and control of connected devices. We are also helping the Company explore strategies to incorporate technologies within the emerging Scope 4 classification that can help further reduce carbon emissions from customers, allowing Swisscom to positively impact the planet and provide their customers with a larger number of green products and services to choose from. Moving to the metaverse and the ongoing tech revolutions. We continue to invest ahead of our clients' needs and have more than a decade of experience and leadership in metaverse-related capabilities. In fact, we expect to onboard over 150,000 new joiners using Accenture's end floor, and we use our experience and expertise to help our clients as we believe the Metaverse Continuum provides greater possibilities in the wave of digital transformation, and it is still early days. For example, we are helping Tokyo Land Corporation, a Japanese leading leasing, construction and retail real estate company, leverage the metaverse to transform the customer experience through digital twin technology leveraging computer-generated imaging to recreate walk-throughs of its condominiums online to greatly improve its in-person model retour. Customers will be able to visualize the property online, including different home equipment options and the Company will attract more buyers and increase sales while reducing marketing costs and the environmental impact of the construction, operation and removal of the model room. Into the future, we will help create continuous touch points with customers throughout the real estate life cycle and develop new collaborative digital businesses such as purchasing furniture and home appliances and ordering renovation services. And with our continued focus on innovation and the ongoing tech revolution, we continue to invest in our business for the future. For example, in Q4, we invested in Pixel a leader in cutting-edge earth imaging space technology. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '23, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.2 billion to $15.75 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be approximately negative 8.5% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '22 and reflects an estimated 10% to 14% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '23, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 6% compared to fiscal '22. For the full fiscal '23, we expect our revenues to be in the range of 8% to 11% growth in local currency over fiscal '22, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 2.5%. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '23 to be 15.3% to 15.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '22 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 24% in fiscal '22. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '23 to be in the range of $11.09 to $11.41 or 4% to 7% growth over fiscal '22 results. For the full fiscal '23, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.5 billion to $9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $800 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.7 billion to $8.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1. Finally, we expect to return at least $7.1 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep one to question and a follow-up to allow us to as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Good stuff here. Just a question about the outlook for fiscal '23. Can you elaborate a bit further on what underlying macroeconomic outlook that you have embedded in guidance above and beyond the 6 points of FX translation. And maybe the broader question is sort of how, if at all, are you seeing the rising rate environment inflation sort of escalating dynamics of what we've been seeing all year long affecting your business?
Julie Sweet: Great. Thanks, Lisa. So yes, let me give you a little bit of color around our guidance assumptions. So our revenue range of 8% to 11% for fiscal '23, it includes 2.5% inorganic contribution, and that's compared to about 5% that we did in '22. And that would represent then about 8.5% organic growth at the upper end of our range. And so, we continue to see really strong demand for our services, Lisa. And as you've seen, the most recent estimate for IT Services continues to show the growth for our industry will be about 5%. So anywhere in our range, it will show us continuing to take share. But at the same time, while our growth is not directly correlated with GDP, we read the same things that you do. And the latest GDP estimate for most of the world's largest economies are lower in 2023 than 2022. So again, we're calling for double-digit growth at the top part of our range. Another year of double-digit growth, which would have us adding significant scale, yet again on top of our current $62 billion business.
Julie Sweet: Maybe I'll add, Lisa, is that -- when we think about the macro environment, what we're really thinking about is what do our clients need, right? So as -- so -- and I talked a little bit about this last quarter, right, is this environment affects different industries differently. So, you've got those who are really tied to the supply chain disruption and the inflation continuing to focus on cost. But you also see that as the uncertainty increases. So over the last 90 to 120 days, you saw changes in the estimates around the GDP growth for 2023, it makes all clients really think about, okay, what's my resilience? Is there more that I can do? Can I take advantage of the environment to push through deeper cost cuts that require you to change behaviors? And so we really think about the environment as what does that mean we need to do to help our clients and how do we continue to pivot. And it's very similar if you think about what we did in the early days of the pandemic, where we've pivoted a lot to, for example, cloud using all of our learning organization. So that's the focus. So it's always an opportunity to better serve our clients.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Yes. Great color. And then just quick follow-up on bookings, realizing they're obviously always lumpy to quarter-to-quarter and the overall number this quarter was extraordinarily strong, continuing that 1.12 book-to-bill. But is there any -- was it sort of an unusual shift in mix into outsourcing and less consulting? Is there any color or call out there? Or is that just sort of the vagaries of the kind of quarterly fluctuations?
KC McClure: Sure. And so Lisa, as you mentioned, we feel really good about our bookings in Q4. It was our second highest bookings ever our highest also being this year in the second quarter. What I really liked about it was driven by broad-based demand. So across all markets and our services, and we peel it back. We had good book-to-bill in all dimensions of our business. And with outsourcing a record of almost $10 billion, and that was almost $1.3 billion more than what we did for our last record. And we do continue to see a strong pipeline going into the year, even with those the second best record bookings. But I will say that as we often do, we have seasonally lower bookings in quarter one and we are seeing that again this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just tacking on what Lisa just asked there with this larger book-to-bill in outsourcing relative to consulting. Is the shift to larger deals, does that tell you or should it tell us anything about client priorities? And I'm curious if that changes or even improves your visibility overall for fiscal '23, given you have so much more in the way of larger deals in the backlog.
Julie Sweet: Yes. I mean I don't -- I mean, obviously, we've got larger deals. You have more visibility around larger deals just because they're larger deals and you see how it is. And certainly, how we think about the business so much, I mean, I think if you just take a -- your underlying question is what are clients focused on, right? And so what we do see is -- and what we actually -- more than just see what we are recommending is that leadership teams remain sort of focused on prioritizing where they can get good time to value, making sure that they are doing things that are material, not having 1,000 different pilots as opposed to actually getting to scale. And so a lot of that does lead to a focus on larger transformation deals, and it's tied to what we call total enterprise reinvention, right? What we're talking to clients about is systematically reinventing. And actually, we've got some research coming out at the end of September that says 68% of CFOs say they today have either three or more transformation programs either going right now or about to start in parallel. And so, what that really does mean that is that you've got more companies do what we've been talking about since the early days of the pandemic, which is systematic transformation. We'll try to do it faster and that does lead to larger programs. And probably the bigger impact for us is less about visibility, but those obviously convert to revenue differently.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe Tien-Tsin, I'll just add in terms of -- if you just look at our bookings this year from an outsourcing type of work compared to consulting type of work compared to our history over the last few years, there's really no difference, right? We actually have a slight percentage uptick in what we closed out this year in consulting type of work looking versus outsourcing. So there's no real difference in our mix.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Very good. No, that's really helpful. Just on the -- my follow-up on margins, if you don't mind. Just thinking about investment priorities, organic versus inorganic, I know it's a lower inorganic assumption on growth this year. But -- any update there in terms of the balance? And I'm wondering, I wrote down, I think you said 48% growth in cloud for the year. And I think back to the Cloud First investment you did, I think it was a $3 billion investment. It seems like you got a good return out of that. So, we see more investments like that at this point in the cycle? So yes, just think about organic versus inorganic investing.
KC McClure: Yes. So, I'll take the inorganic point, and then I'll hand it over to Julie to give some more color. So, first of all, there's no change overall to our capital allocation strategy, right? So, we will continue to use V&A to fuel our organic growth. And so, you'll see the 2.5%, Tien-Tsin, is an inorganic contribution. It's generally in the zone of what we've done in previous years. And so maybe I'll also just take a chance to talk about what that means in terms of how we're going to invest in our business next year and how that relates to how we're seeing our profit because I think it's really important to point out that we're really proud of what we accomplished this past year in '22, where we did 10 basis points of expansion. And Tien-tsin, we were continuing to invest at scale in our business, right? And also in our people, particularly this year with managing wage inflation. So as we look through next year, we expect to continue to invest in our business. We expect wage inflation to continue. It's across all industries and across the globe. And for us, it's going to vary by geography by scale. And we will navigate that like we did this past year with a focus on pricing, which we all know can lag compensation a bit. But I just want to point out that we did see the benefit of improved pricing in our P&L in '22. And so again, we're going to do all of this while changing the mix of people in our contracts, the use of technology to absorb the higher investments that we're making organically and the higher investments that we're making in our people. But -- so it's really important that we continue on our investment profile. And with that, like I'd be really happy next year to land anywhere within the 10 to 30 basis points of op margin expansion. And I would say that based on how we're going to invest throughout the year, there's a bit more potential for us to have a more variability in the quarters as we go throughout fiscal year '23 on our way to 10 to 30 basis points of expansion for the year.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, I just -- Tien-Tsin, I would just emphasize, we believe it is very important to continue to invest at higher levels in our business every year and that's our commitment. And it's been -- we think a big reason for our success is that through every cycle, we continue to invest.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Keith Bachman with BMO. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: I wanted to ask to start with on the outlook. In particular, Julie, if there's any comments directional or otherwise, you could give on bookings. I understand you provided the revenue guidance in constant currency, even the backlog runoff of the booking -- tremendous bookings you've given so far, the revenue guidance seems very reasonable, if not a touch conservative. But as you indicated in your prepared remarks, you had record bookings this year. You're facing -- your clients are facing a deeper economic challenge. So, is there any comments you could give whether book-to-bill or the growth rates or any parameters on how we should be thinking about bookings this year? Because it seems like the trajectory there could be different from the revenue growth.
Julie Sweet: Well, I'll let KC start, and then I'll add on.
KC McClure: Yes. So Keith, maybe I'll start with a little bit more color on how we actually see revenue kind of breaking out for the year. So from a type of work perspective for the full year '23, we do see consulting revenue growth to be within the context of the 8% to 11% that we gave out overall, which remember has been 6% FX headwind embedded in that. We see consulting revenue to be high single digits to double digits. And outsourcing, we see being double digits. And when you think about what our bookings expectations are, while we don't guide to bookings, you should -- our view remains the same. We look for over a rolling four quarters period of time for book-to-bill to be over one.
Julie Sweet: Great. And Keith, what I would just say is that -- remember, our focus is helping our clients create value within whatever environment that they are operating in, right? So -- and which is very different depending on your industry. So like pick right now, providers in the U.S., right? They are focused on cost cutting because they went through a tough time with COVID, they're behind in digitization, so they're investing there. And they have to because they're facing one of the most difficult labor markets they've ever had to now sort of resistance and difficulty in automating before. That is a completely different that a global consumer company like Unilever, we talked about in our script, who's reinventing everything that been on this journey for a few years, looking to the next thing, right? And they're dealing with supply chain disruptions, right, cost inputs. And so, that is how we continue to succeed is by understanding the depth of difference in our industry. We're using knowledge that we had from other industry to now accelerate what the providers are doing because they're now implementing SaaS solutions to connect their patients that we've been doing for years in retail, right, and in banking and in lots of other industries. So that our outlook for the year reflects our confidence that we are going to continue to be able to use that knowledge, stay close to our clients and deliver on what they need.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Okay. My follow-up is then focused on free cash flow. The free cash flow guidance is a touch certainly lighter than what we had modeled and I think Street had modeled your margins continue to move higher. So I was just wondering what the puts and takes that you might want to call out with the free cash flow guidance for the year. And then I will see the floor. Many thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Keith. So, as you know, when we set our guidance, we always first start with looking at the ratio. So the ratio that we have in our free cash flow guidance is a very strong $1.1 billion free cash flow to net income ratio. So, we're happy with that. We also are allowing in that guidance a bit of an uptick in DSO from our current level. And then also, we are assuming we are going to have the FX impact of 6% that will obviously impact our free cash flow as well. And as you know, it's not unusual for us to start guidance at the beginning of the year with a free cash flow guidance range, that's below where we delivered the previous year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Obviously, a lot of folks are asking about the macro. So just curious how the macro has changed for you guys over the last three months and how that's influenced your business because it doesn't really show up much in results? So just curious how you would frame that?
Julie Sweet: Well, as KC said earlier, our guidance for the year takes into account the current estimates for 2023 for GDP, which, as we all know, over the last sort of 90 days have decreased. So, we take that into consideration. And where we see that really affecting our business is our ability to help our clients and think about what to do, right? How do you execute a faster transformation? Are there new opportunities? I'm talking to a consumer goods client now, where we're helping them think about, well, how do we cut marketing and get more effective because they need growth, but marketing is one of the biggest spend areas for a consumer goods company. And by the way, let's not waste a good environment to be able to catalyze cultural and behavioral change as they think about things. So that's where we are seeing it. And otherwise, our guidance reflects -- as you know, it's not a one for one, but we obviously take into account the economic environment.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Yes. Yes, I was just looking at Europe, in particular, up 26% in local currency, given all the concerns around Europe. It's just a pretty amazing number. It doesn't seem to have come off much from the growth rates you've been putting up.
Julie Sweet: Yes. We're very proud of our European team because they are really close to our clients.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe, Brett, I'll give you a little bit of color on that as it relates to Q1. Let me give you a peel back a little bit on the revenue outlook that we have for the first quarter -- and when we look at the markets, we see all the markets for the first quarter within that 10% to 14% revenue range that we gave. They all have the potential to be double digits, and that includes Europe. And then also for the consulting type of work in Q1, we see a high single-digit to low double-digit growth range within that 10 to 14. And I would peel back consulting a little bit for you, too. Within consulting, we see the detect portion of consulting the systems integration, we'll have continued strong demand and S&C, we expect to be in lower single digits.
Bryan Keane: No, that's really helpful and then just a quick follow-up, just thinking on KC on visibility. How has visibility changed at all, if at all, for Accenture? When you look out further on in the quarters as we get to Q4, it's obviously almost 12 months away, so it's probably a little bit hard to figure out exactly the right growth rates, but just thinking about the visibility of the business.
KC McClure: I would say, Brian, that in terms of looking at the back half of the year, I mean, that's no different than the way it is, honestly, every year. We talked a lot about what we just mentioned on how we look at the macro in the market. But the back half of the year, we always -- it's always less certain at this time of the year than obviously the first quarter and the first half. Again, it's no different than what we have experienced every year.
Julie Sweet: And as always, clients still -- most of our clients are calendar year, and they'll set their budgets, and we'll know more about that in January. So it's really the same.
KC McClure: It is. It is.
Bryan Keane: Got it, great. Congrats on the results.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
KC McClure: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Appreciate all the commentary today as usual. Looking at kind of the supply and kind of how you're managing your own employees, et cetera, how does the shift in client priorities manifest itself in where and how your services are being delivered? And how is that influencing your talent strategy right now around pace of hiring, where you hire, et cetera?
Julie Sweet: Well, as you know, our -- we have a very deep competency in supply and demand. And actually, over the course of the last couple of years, we continue to innovate. We have an incredible what we call integrated talent control tower that is able to predict earlier and earlier in our sales cycle, where the skills will be needed and what type of skills. And so for us, this is just normal business, right? And keep in mind, technology demand is really incredible, right? I mean you saw that in our results. All strategies lead to technology. And we're super pleased with not only our performance there, but what we're seeing ahead as clients continue to build the digital core as fundamental to all of their other strategic needs. And our talent supply chain is able to see that, predict it, understand the skills and keep moving forward.
James Faucette: That's great. And then turning to pricing, just wondering what the tone and tenor of pricing conversations have been? How those have progressed. And how are you building in? Or how should we think about what's being built into your formulation of outlook around magnitude of potential uplift to revenue from pricing versus margins, et cetera?
KC McClure: So let me just remind you that when I'm talking about pricing in my answer, I'm talking about the margin on the work that we've sold. And I'm really pleased that we've continued to see improvements in pricing. And we are seeing the benefits. I mentioned this earlier, but I'll just repeat it. We are seeing the benefits come through in our P&L. And we continue to focus on improvements in pricing as we enter into fiscal year '23. So I'm really I'm really pleased with the progress we've made.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: KC, I just wanted to pick up on your comment on one of the prior questions around -- I think you said strategy and consulting, up in the low single-digit range in Q1. So Curious if that's the same kind of range you anticipate for the full year fiscal '23? And is that below corporate average level, just reflective of the more kind of discretionary nature and growth-oriented nature of those services?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Jason. In terms of Q1, it's really just a few simple things. One, we got a tough compare. Two, is there's less -- when I mentioned less inorganic that really does also hit in essence in the S&C part. And then as Julie talked about, a lot of our S&C practitioners are really focused on some -- a lot of the larger transformational deals. And that just has Jason, a different revenue yield, and it bleeds in later throughout the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. Maybe just turning to the supply side for a second. It looks like attrition was unchanged in Q4 versus Q3. And wondering what you're expecting there in fiscal '23 as well as what you're expecting for wage inflation relative to 2022 and whether or not some of the broader layoffs across other parts of the tech industry, is that taking some of the pressure off some of your supply metrics at all?
KC McClure: Yes. So I'll start, Jason, with the last part. I mean we had -- I'm really pleased with the way we were able to grow at scale profitably while managing the wage inflation in FY '22. And as we said a little bit earlier, but just to repeat, we do expect wage inflation to continue, and we have factored that into our guidance.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And look, I would just say to you that technology skills are in demand by both companies as well as our competitors because technology is at the core of strategy. And so, we're expecting to have a continued tight labor market, and we continue to expect us to really excel because despite that market, as you know, even this last year, we added 100,000 people. So, I don't -- the fact that there has been some layoffs in certain markets isn't really, I think, going to change much.
Angie Park: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that question will come from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: I wanted to start on the growth outlook. Can you just give us a sense on how you're thinking about the second half trajectory just in the fiscal '23 range, just given a significant uncertainty? Just curious how you went about building that second half forecast. And then just within the year, are you expecting the strategic priorities to hold the double-digit growth? So across Song and Cloud First and Next or are any of those a little bit more exposed to potential slowdown and uncertainty?
KC McClure: Yes. So, I'll maybe just start with the overall outlook that we have read. You can see that we started with 8 to 11. I already gave the color on that. So -- and within that, obviously, we have a strong start at 10% to 14% growth. And in terms of really what that looks like for the rest of the year, I mean we'll continue to give guidance like we typically do as we progress through FY '23. I mean, as Julie mentioned, we see continued strong demand in our technology -- our areas of technology. And other than that, we don't really give any more guidance and kind of view on revenue outlook than what I've already shared.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And just -- I think it's always important that we are continuously thinking about both the near term, this fiscal year and the longer term and anchoring on the five forces of change for the next decade. And so, total enterprise reinvention, talent we talked about the investments we're making in sustainability. We just made a great acquisition that's on Carbon Intelligence, which is all about consulting around carbon getting to net-zero strategies. The Metaverse Continuum, small today. We're the leading enterprise user our own way of onboarding, but lots and lots of interest, and we're already making those investments and then the ongoing tech revolution. And so that's why as you think about our results, right, we are investing today and tomorrow and really are looking at the demand that we see over the next decade.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Okay. And then it looks like just on M&A, it looks like you did close on more in 4Q than you had initially anticipated. So how should we think about the planned spend in fiscal '23 for M&A underlying the 2.5% growth contribution? And then just how do you start off the year in 1Q? What's the inorganic assumption in that outlook?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So you're right, we did end up spending $3.4 billion for the year in '22 because we were able to get some of the regulatory approvals done this last fiscal year '22 that we weren't sure of the timing. And you'll see that because of that, while we're going to continue to always provide the inorganic outlook on a full year basis. So, that 2.5% is a full year. We're not -- we don't really do that by quarter because that again can also be lumpy. We're not going to continue to provide the capital allocation amount as we go into '23, just because it can really vary by the end of the year, and we'll be able to -- you'll be able to see it and we'll report it every quarter.
Julie Sweet: Yes, it's probably worth reminding that last Q1, we had Umlaut and Novetta, which were both very large acquisitions come in, in Q1. So probably just good to remind everyone that's part of what's driving the Q1 S&C results too. Great. So before we wrap up, I do want to mention that Angie Park, who has been our Head of Investor Relations for the past six years, has been promoted to become the CFO for our really outstanding technology services business. Angie has been an absolutely incredible Head of IR and we're particularly grateful for how she has helped lead us through some of the most turbulent times in the history of Accenture. I know from speaking to our investors and analysts how much they've appreciated Angie's steady hand, her commitment to transparency and connection. And I know we'll all miss her in this role, but are extremely excited to see her start the next chapter of what has already been an incredible career. So thank you very much, Angie. And I am also pleased to welcome Katy O'Connor who will become our new Head of Investor Relations. She's got incredible experience. She's held many finance roles during her 25 years at Accenture. So please join me in welcoming Katy and I know she's looking forward to getting to know all of you in the days ahead. In closing, I do want to thank again all of our people and our managing directors for what you're doing every day. Our people, our actions and our results in FY '22 have positioned us to be very strongly going into FY '23 and create even more 360-degree value. And finally and very importantly, thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. The replay will be available after 10 a.m. Eastern today through December 16, 2022. You may access the AT&T executive replay system at any time by dialing 1 (866) 207-1041 and entering the access code 4002764. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. Those numbers again are 1 (866) 207-1041 and (402) 970-0847 with access code 4002764. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-06-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, and Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie. And thank you everyone for joining. And thank you to our 710,000 people around the globe for their extraordinary work and commitment to our clients, which resulted in delivering another very strong quarter of financial results and creating significant 360 degree value beyond our financials for all our stakeholders. Here are a few highlights of the 360 degree value we created this quarter. Starting with our people, we continue to invest in their skills and they completed 10.6 million training hours, which averages to 16 hours per person this quarter. We are incredibly pleased to be recognized as a top 10 Great Place to Work for 2022 in countries representing 76% of our people, Argentina, Brazil, France, India, Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, UK and the United States. Specifically on the US list, we are particularly proud that Accenture jumped 38 spots in one year to rank number six. Overall, this is the 14th consecutive year that Accenture has been recognized by great place to work. Also a particular note in India, not only were we ranked number 10 by Great Place to Work, Business Today recognized Accenture in India as number four of the best companies to work for marking our 11th consecutive year on the list. All these recognitions reflect a tangible demonstration of our commitment to our people. The strong demand for our people and services and trust from our clients are once again seen in our strong bookings of $17 billion which represents 15% growth in local currency. Compressed transformation continues with another 18 clients with bookings over $100 million, bringing the total year-to-date to 74, which is 20 more than the same time last year. We had revenue growth of 27% in local currency, continuing to take significant market share growing nearly three times the market while delivering margin expansion of 10 basis points. Our ongoing investment in our communities was reflected this quarter, and how we are leveraging our expertise in digital learning and collaboration, partnering with UNICEF’s Generation Unlimited on the new passport to earning platform program to equip 10 million young people ages 15 to 24 with digital skills across 10 countries to prepare them for work. This program went live this quarter in India, the first and largest country of the 10. As always, well as always, we are staying close to our clients and our ecosystem partners to help them succeed today, and to anticipate the needs of the future. And our very strong financial results this quarter reinforced the trust our clients and partners have in our ability to do so. Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. And thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We delivered very strong overall results in the third quarter, reflecting very strong double digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, as well as continued operating margin expansion, as we continue to invest at scale in our business and our people. We continue to lead the industry with these results, demonstrating the relevance of our services, and our trusted client and ecosystem partnerships. We continue to deliver on our shareholder value proposition, including both our financial results and creating 360 degree value for all our stakeholders. Let me summarize a few of the highlights of the quarter across our three financial imperatives. Revenues grew 27% in local currency. And we're above the top end of our guided range driven once again by broad based over delivery across all markets, services and industries. With all 13 industries growing double digits. We once again extended our leadership position, adding an incremental $9 billion in revenue year-to-date, with growth estimated to be nearly three times the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin up 16.1% for the quarter was an increase of 10 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansions while making significant investments in our people and our business. We delivered EPS of $2.79, which represents 60% growth over fiscal ‘21 results, and includes $0.15 or 6% negative impact related to the disposition of our business in Russia. Finally, we delivered free cash flow, up $2.9 billion and returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We've made investments of $2.2 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 27 transactions year-to-date. And we now expect to invest about $2.5 billion in acquisitions this year, with another $1 billion that we expect to close in Q1 given required regulatory approvals With that, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $17 billion for the quarter and overall book-to-bill of 1.0. Consulting bookings were $9.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.8 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our bookings this quarter, which represent our second highest ever, and were in line to our expectations. Our bookings reflect 15% growth in local currency and 18 clients with bookings over $100 million. Looking forward, we continue to have a strong pipeline. Turning now to revenue. Revenues for the quarter were $16.2 billion, a 22% increase in US dollars and 27% in local currency reflecting the foreign exchange headwind of 5% compared to the 4% headwind provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusted for the actual foreign exchange impact, we were $160 million above our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $9 billion, up 24% in US dollars and 30% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $7.1 billion, up 19% in US dollars and 23% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimension, strategy and consulting and technology services, both grew very strong double digits and operations grew strong double digit. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 23% in local currency driven by double digit growth and consumer goods retail and travel services, public service, software platforms and communications and media. In Europe, revenues grew 30% in local currency led by double digit growth in industrial, consumer goods, retail and travel services, and banking and capital markets. Looking closer at the countries, Europe was driven by double digit growth in Germany, the UK, France and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency driven by double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double digit growth in Japan and Australia. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.9%, compared with 33.2% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.3% compared with 10.6% for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.5% compared to 6.6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.6 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 16.1% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q3 of last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.1% compared with an effective tax rate of 25% for the third quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.79 including a $0.15 or 6% negative impact related to the disposition of our business in Russia, compared with diluted EPS of $2.40 in the third quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 44 days, compared to 41 days last quarter and 36 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.9 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $195 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $6.7 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.1 million shares for $972 million at an average price of $313.43 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately $3.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also, in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share, for a total of $614 million. This represents a 10% increase over last year, and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 cents per share to be paid on August 15, a 10% increase over last year. Finally, turning to the 360 degree value we are creating for all our stakeholders. We were very pleased to be ranked number 13 on 3BL Media's 100 Best Corporate Citizens in the United States report, which recognizes outstanding ESG transparency and performance against the Russell 1000, which are the largest companies in the US equity markets. For more information on a 360 degree value weeks, we are creating go to center 360 degree value reporting experience, which reflects new information each quarter. So in summary, we are extremely pleased with our results to date, and are now very focused on Q4 and closing out another very strong year. Now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. As we shared at our recent Investor and Analyst Day, we believe there are five forces that our clients must harness over the next decade and that in turn will drive our growth. Total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the Metaverse continuum and the ongoing tech revolution. Today, we continue to see strong demand across our markets, services and industries, which is being driven primarily by two of these five forces. Total enterprise reinvention, which involves transformation of every part of every business, leveraging technology, with new ways of working and engaging with customers and employees, and new opportunities for growth and talent, which requires every business to be able to access talent, be a talent creator, not just a talent consumer and to unlock the potential of their people. Compressed transformation continues with our clients seeking to execute bold programs in accelerated timeframes, often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise at the same time, when in the past, they may have taken a more sequential approach. This desire for speed with strong execution is driving our growth as clients partner with us because of the breadth and depth of our capabilities, the insights that come from our scale, global footprint and our deep functional industry and cross industry expertise. And they partner with us because they trust us. And because we are trusted partners with the technology ecosystem, which are also critical to our clients transformation. While the current macroeconomic environment affects industries and markets differently. The common theme across our clients is that all strategies whether for growth, cost or resilience, lead to technology, particularly cloud data and AI, and our clients turn to us to be able to effectively use technology to achieve their goals. Let me bring this demand environment to life. We help our clients execute total enterprise reinvention by helping them build their digital core, optimize operations and accelerate growth. Cloud Data and AI are fundamental to a strong digital core. We are working with the Clorox company, a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of homecare, household and health and beauty products for consumers, as well as products and technologies for professional customers. The company is undertaking a broad digital transformation that will touch every aspect of the enterprise. We will help the company modernize business processes, streamline their operating model, leverages advanced data and analytic insights and establish a future ready technology foundation to deliver new levels of customer and consumer experiences, accelerate go- to-market activities and enable a more agile and resilient supply chain so they can lead and shape the consumer goods industry. We are helping new look, a global fashion retailer migrate its existing ecommerce platform to the cloud and strengthen its technology foundation to enable a seamless experience across stores, online, mobile and social media. AI and machine learning will create greater efficiency, increased sales and provide the flexibility to scale for growth and overcome industry disruption. The company is committed to infusing sustainability into their transformation roadmap, using innovation as an accelerator toward their own 2040 sustainability targets, all of which promises to keep the company in step with the store of the future, the speed of the fashion industry and the demands of their stakeholders. And as we build the digital course of our clients, security is more important than ever. Our integrated capabilities from identity to threat intelligence to manage security services to incident response are critical as our clients respond to increasing risks and expand their digital footprint. We are helping a large healthcare services provider assess their cybersecurity and business resilience levels. With much of their growth coming through mergers and acquisitions, technology and security have become more challenging to manage with multiple security providers, data centers and environments. We help design a cloud strategy and secure their backups in the cloud with an end-to-end cybersecurity approach that will provide flexibility as they continue to acquire more companies. We are also providing a managed security service from cyber resilience to threat intelligence to monitor their infrastructure and their security products, improving their ability to protect against future attacks. Our clients value our unique combination of capabilities from strategy and consulting to technology to manage services, because it enables us to deliver holistic solutions and expands their access to digital talent. We are helping INFRONEER Holdings, a Japan based infrastructure construction services company, digitally transform operations in finance and HR through a data driven approach. Through our managed services capabilities in our SynOps platform, we will help the company shift to intelligent operations by standardizing and automating key business processes, driving efficiency and productivity, reducing operating costs and providing greater opportunity for their people to focus on high value and strategic growth areas such as business design and digital experience. Shifting to the next digital frontier in the enterprise, our industry X capabilities are digitizing engineering and manufacturing to reimagine the products our clients make and how they make them and to build a greater resiliency, productivity and sustainability. We are partnering with a German multinational corporate manufacturer of luxury vehicles to develop an in-car software platform that will power the Central Intelligence Unit for personalized driver interaction information, convenience functions and entertainment. The platform provides a continuous flow of customer data to the automaker, enabling it to enhance vehicle functionality and create the superior customer experience, the automaker is renowned for. We are helping Albras, the largest producer of primary aluminum in Brazil to increase its productivity, energy efficiency and minimize greenhouse gas emissions by creating a new smelter control system operated over a new IoT architecture that utilizes cloud platforms for data storage and machine learning. Data insights will enable better visibility of gas emissions around the clock, allowing operations to be proactively managed, leading to increase energy efficiency and operational safety, as well as additional sustainability strategies to reduce their carbon footprint. Sustainability, one of the five forces shaping the next decade continues to be a growing priority area for our clients. And they value our ability to help them achieve their sustainability goals as part of their larger transformation such as the Albras example and directly as part of sustainability focused engagements, such as the work we are doing for Pos Malaysia Berhad, the national operator running Malaysia's largest post and parcel delivery network, we are helping Pos Malaysia Berhad to embrace a data driven approach to reducing emissions, cutting waste and upgrading its employees’ digital skills, best-in- class solutions for environmental, social and governance benchmarking, plus a sustainability implementation roadmap and skills for the future program will lead to dramatic reductions in direct waste and Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions along with rapid progress and workforce upskilling. We continue to build our capabilities in this area both organically and inorganically. We are pleased that this quarter we announced three new sustainability acquisitions; Greenfish, akzente and Avieco, extending our reach and enhancing our ability to deliver deep skills and expertise to clients in ESG measurement and non-financial reporting, net zero strategy and regulation and real time data analytics. Our unmatched ability to access, create and unlock talent is valued by our clients as a key component of their compressed transformations, such as Pos Malaysia Berhad. In other cases, we help provide our clients access to talent through our managed services, and we help them become talent creators by having their shared services groups join Accenture where they can benefit from our ability to transform, upskill and provide new career pathways. For example, we are working with BNL a leading Italian banking group and subsidiary at BNP Paribas on a compressed transformation just 18 months from start to finish that will leverage our SynOps platform, maximize our clients’ existing talent and reduce total cost of ownership. We will consolidate data to provide deeper analytic insights and a better customer experience with tailored services and faster fulfillment times for customer requests. As part of this transformation, more than 500 people from their team will move to Accenture, where we will leverage their industry specific skills while also providing opportunities for professional development, enabling BNL to focus on strategic growth and benefit from this upskilling. We also do work with our clients that is primarily focused on their talent agenda. For example, we're collaborating with a large utility who is creating 1000s of clean energy jobs in areas like renewable electricity generation, energy saving homes and buildings and sustainable transportation. They're doing so for unemployed, underemployed and low to middle income residents. We are developing a recruitment, employment and tracking platform that matches people’s skills, with available positions leveraging AI and market insights. This solution reduces hiring time, improves the candidate experience and unlocks talent potential to create jobs for the underrepresented residents who need the most. We are uniquely positioned to help our clients drive cost efficiencies and their growth agenda. As you may have seen Accenture Interactive will now go-to-market as Accenture Song to reflect the fundamental change in the way companies must engage with customers, and the incredible speed at which they need to operate and innovate. Song is uniquely operating at the intersection of creativity, technology and intelligence. To help our clients reinvent connections and meaningful experiences, including sales, commerce, marketing, new business platforms, and the Metaverse continuum. We are helping a North American multi brand retailers scale their digital business and accelerate growth while reducing operational costs up to $100 million over the next five years. Together, we are designing and implementing a new multiproduct platform to improve the customer experience and enable the use of data and insights to drive increased engagement and better business performance overall. While still very early, we are seeing our clients look to take advantage of the Metaverse, another of the five forces. For example, we are collaborating with an international property developer, MQDC to develop their business model and design their customer experience in the Metaverse. As you can tell, this continues to be an exciting time for Accenture as the depth and breadth of our business allows us to help our clients with innovative and impactful work. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks Julie. Turning to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal ’22, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15 billion to $15.5 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative eight, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘21 and reflects an estimated 20% to 24% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ’22, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be approximately negative 4.5% compared to fiscal ‘21. For the full fiscal ’22, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘21 which continues to assume an inorganic contribution of roughly 5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year ‘22 to be 15.2%, a 10 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘21 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal ‘21. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘22 to be in the range of $10.61 to $10.70 or 21% to 22% growth over adjusted fiscal’ 21 results. This guidance range reflects a negative $0.14 impact from the updated FX guidance, partially offset by the increase in revenue guidance. For the full fiscal ’22, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $6.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks KC. I would ask that you each key to one question and a follow up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Tien-Tsin Huang.
Tien Huang: Thank you so much. Good morning. Really good results here. I want to ask on the -- let me ask bookings, which came in line with your expectations. In the book-to-bill and a quarter look like more a like pre-pandemic levels on tough comps. So, KC, I heard the strong pipeline comment. Just wondering, can we expect book-to-bill above 1.0 but maybe below the 1.1 or higher that we saw during the pandemic, just trying to better understand how the pace of bookings might be changing here beyond the comp?
KC McClure: Yes, thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just start with anchoring to what we saw this quarter in bookings and our pipeline, and I'll talk then a little bit about what we expect for Q4. So as you mentioned, we were really pleased with our book-to-bill this quarter. And you talked about our tough comps, we did 30% growth in consulting. And we have year-to-date of 1.1 book-to-bill in consulting through Q3. We're very pleased with that. And outsourcing, we did 23% revenue growth, again over tough comps from last year in the quarter at 1.2 year-to-date book-to-bill. So as we look ahead at Q4, we do see continued very strong revenue growth of 20% to 24%. So you heard that in our guidance. And we do think bookings and outsourcing, bookings for both, excuse me, revenue for both consulting and outsourcing, both going to be in that range. So we have another strong quarter in consulting and outsourcing revenue growth. And on top of that Tien-Tsin, we do see another strong sales quarter in Q4. And we feel good about both our consulting and our outsourcing pipeline. So hopefully that gave you enough color on where we see bookings and the rest of the year playing out.
Tien Huang: Got it. So balance across the two, which is great. So maybe my quick follow up that everyone's been asking us. So I thought I'd ask you guys, Julie, specifically here maybe for you just how recession ready is Accenture, right? With what the stock market is telling us? How's Accenture different or maybe similarly positioned to what we've seen in past down cycles? Any quick comments on them? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: So I think, Tien-Tsin, so we don't predict the macroeconomic. So what we do is really focused on what has helped us to be successful. And obviously, every financial situation is going to be different to pandemic, we don't know how this is going to be versus what was happening a decade ago. And so let me just focus on why we are in a strong position. And that is, first of all, what's driving today is total enterprise reinvention. And so that means companies are trying to transform using tech data and AI around the enterprise. And we've been investing for a decade to be in the position that were relevant to the enterprise. And so we can do everything as you saw in our examples from HR and finance to manufacturing, right to in the insurance industry, underwriting and claims, right, so and it's really the entire enterprise that we're relevant to, and that'll gives us a huge power to help our clients. And you see that's happening right now with the inflationary environment, you've got consumer goods companies focused very much on cost, as well as growth. And we're able to help them do both, right. And on the other hand, you've got, say the energy companies that have had a really rough cycle, who now have the ability to invest more continuing on their cost discipline, but trying to also drive their transition to clean energy right into advance their digitization. And so our diversity in both what we can do, and our diversity in industries, is extraordinarily helpful. And then as you think about why we're a leader today, I just want to sort of make sure people understand the power of the fact that we can do everything from strategy to consulting, to manage services. So if you just take a consumer goods company, one of the biggest areas of spend is in marketing. We have amazing strategists at Accenture, right. It's a huge group, it's really, really relevant. And what they bring is not simply here, let's go after your marketing spend that looks like the biggest spend, what they can say is, and let me explain to you that the trend is to digitize to use hubs to not be as geographic specific. And let me show you where we've actually executed that and are managing that service for some of the leading companies. That's what our strategists can uniquely bring. And we can talk to our clients and say, and we can either help you build the capability, or we can do it on your behalf because we can access the talent, we can move you more quickly. And so as we think about why are we strong today, and how do we deliver on our enduring shareholder value proposition and growing faster than market delivering large and expansive, returning to shareholders and delivering 360 degree value? It's really based on this unique set of capabilities, these very strong trusted relationships. And then, of course, all of this underpinned by technology, where we're a powerhouse and we are the leading partner of the largest and technology companies in the world. Operator, next question.
Operator: We will next go to the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I'll take the attrition one, it looks like attrition after coming down a bit the last couple of quarters re uptick a bit this quarter. Can you just talk about perhaps any color there any underlying dynamics? And how is the attrition environment looking going forward? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure, Lisa. I mean, usually we see an uptick in attrition from Q2 to Q3. We actually also see seasonally another uptick in Q4, which we'll expect to see. So this is kind of in line with prior patterns. And again, it's primarily driven by India at the lower end of our pyramid, which is highly competitive. At the same time, we're able to hire for the demand we see. And so, and also, as we've commented before, our overall executive retention, which is the people who are driving our business every day, it continues to be high. So not a lot of change and these are really seasonal upticks.
Lisa Ellis: Okay, got it. And maybe a follow up on that. And then also on Tien-Tsin’s question related to R word, the recession word. What are the types of steps can you just remind us? Like, if you do start to see a slowdown in the business, kind of what are the adjustments that Accenture makes or can make quite quickly to react to changing demand environment, realizing that you're often at the kind of front end of the spear on that, given your strength in consulting in a lot of shorter duration projects.
Julie Sweet: So, I mean, at the core of our businesses, how we manage supply and demand, right, and so we're, our ability to, we do have high attrition, right? So our ability to not for example, when I say high attrition, meaning our industry has higher, high attrition, and so our ability to not hire to replace that attrition, right. So our core competency is managing supply and demand. And we have an ear to the ground with our clients, but we also have a lot of analytics around what we're seeing in open demand, what we're seeing in our pipeline. So we manage our business with great rigor and discipline, and we'll continue to do that throughout the cycle and of course, I just want to make sure we're not walking past an incredible quarter from revenue and a booking. And as KC said, we see continued strong demand going into the next quarter with another strong bookings quarter and another strong revenue quarter.
Operator: And next we go to line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to start with a clarification on the full year EPS guidance, it sounds like you're now absorbing an extra $0.29 of headwind, relative to where you were last quarter or the $0.15 from exiting Russia and the $0.14 from incremental FX headwind. Is that accurate?
KC McClure: So, Jason, that is accurate in that. The $0.15 for Russia. That's absolutely accurate. And then we have an additional $0.14 from the updated from the guidance that we gave you last quarter that we are absorbing. So you're correct.
Jason Kupferberg: Right. So you're still maintaining the lower half of the EPS guidance from last quarter, despite absorbing an extra $0.29. Okay. I just wanted to make, okay.
KC McClure: That’s right. I mean, I think the key thing that you're asking and the key point, I want to make sure that we are getting across is that there's no change to our business, right, fundamentals and our business performance.
Jason Kupferberg: That's right.
KC McClure: We actually had a bit of an increase in our revenue guidance, which helps us partially offset the $0.14 drag that we have from FX. So really strong, we continue to see really strong fiscal operations, we just can't absorb completely, all of that large FX movement that we saw from last quarter to this quarter. That's all.
Jason Kupferberg: Of course. And I guess it's encouraging to hear that there doesn't seem to really be much change at all in the demand environment. Obviously, there's been a lot of worry and wonder about that. But can you maybe just talk to us about like nuances of how client conversations have been evolving over the past three months? Any change in clients decision making patterns or clients doing more recession preparation on their end?
Julie Sweet: Sure. And so, first of all, as always, we call it like we see it. So today, we see strong demand and we're not seeing a change in decision making. What we are seeing is a shift depending and the industry and the market on what clients are asking for it. So for example, in the industry is like a consumer goods industry, you're seeing a lot more focused on costs than a year ago, right, with CEO saying, hey, Julie, I always used to talk to you about growth. Can we talk about growth and cost? Right, you're seeing more investment going into help me do more with less. And at the core of that is Cloud Data AI, you also see a big focus on can we go faster. And I was just meeting with a CEO last week who said, Julie, I just -- can you just look at our strategy? And are we being transformational enough, right? Are we challenging ourselves to go fast enough? And this is where the experience that we have of doing this particularly over the last two years where we saw this compressed transformation is so important. I was just speaking with an energy company last week, where they, like a lot of companies early on when digital transformation started, say, five, six years ago on the front office, they've been doing a bunch of experiments of digital twins around and they're saying to us, okay, Julie, help us understand where we're going to get the most value, but how do we scale and that's the unique combination we have of like, we can understand from a strategic perspective, where's the biggest value, but I can then take like, let me take you this company over here, different industry that's been doing digital twins that we've just been massively scaling over the 18 months, let's share with you the lessons learned on how to do that, because it is the next digital frontier, there isn't as much experience. And now we'll help you go faster. So the context is different depending on the industry. I mean every CEO is of course, focused on the macroeconomic, and people like to use that as a catalyst for doing some of the harder things around cutting costs. And what we do as Accenture because we can help on all aspects of that. We also can embed in a growth conversation. You saw the example we used as big retailer in earnings where we're helping them grow and we're taking out $100 million in costs at the same time, right. And that's what makes us so unique and that's why we will just continue to stay very focused. We're doing a lot in supply chain that those conversations accelerated in Europe for obvious reasons. But they're really it's a global phenomenon. And we're doing a ton here. And of course, as we think about our business, when we look at the demand, we also look at, do we need to upskill anyplace because we're seeing more demand, say in supply chain, or more demand in a particular industry? And that's where the agility of our learning, as you may recall, in the first six months after the pandemic we upskilled 100,000 people to shift to cloud and collaboration technology. So that's how we stay very close. And then we use these other tools, we have like our ability to upskill to make sure that we are responding to what our clients need.
Operator: And our next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Good quarter, folks. Demand trends still seem strong. I appreciate the qualitative remark on the revenue focus versus cost focus. We already saw take down here in the percent of revenues from consulting as well. I guess the question is around whether you believe that consulting, outsourcing balance might maybe get back down to 50:50 if you anticipate air pocket down the road, because outsourcing work just tends to have longer ramps. Could you to kind of talk through that?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Ashwin, happy to and so just in terms, I'll start with the last part first, in terms of just our mix, right, we and I'm not going to guide anything into next year. But if you just look historically, at our mix, it can move around 1% or 2% between consulting and outsourcing. But it's generally been as , three years in the zone of like about 55% consulting and about 45% outsourcing, So that and we're seeing the same this year. So that's the first point. And then in terms of consulting, we are really pleased with our performance to date. And as you know, when we, I gave you some -- I gave guidance for consulting for Q4, but just a reminder, there are book-to-bill is really strong for the year in consulting. And anything is as you know, over one around one book-to-bill consulting, we consider strong, we also look at it over trailing four quarters, right. So but I -- we will give guidance for you in September of -- in September for next year. And that's where we can give you some sense of what the outsourcing is, consulting type of work will be next year. But now, you can look at our patterns and see it's about 55%, 45%.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, no, thank you for that. I guess the follow up is on M&A. I think you might have mentioned in the past quarter that your M&A spend target this year was closer to $4 billion, it looks like you might not get there. Any color around where valuations easing? What's sort of going on with regards to sort of the strategic approach to M&A? Are you now looking, is that also changing, given the revenue versus cost focus? Or is that just a longer term view? Thought around that would be great.
KC McClure: Yes, I'll let Julie talk about the strategy. But just to recap what I did say, you're right, we had previously said we thought it would be about $4 billion. We now think it is going, we’ve done $2.2 billion to date, 27 transactions year-to-date. We now think it will be about $2.5 billion. And that's because there's about $ billion, Ashwin, that is going to go into next year because of required regulatory approvals. So that really is the biggest difference between the $2.5 billion and $4 billion that we talked about.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And from a strategic point of view, we continue to believe that the mergers and acquisition, V&A as we call it is critical to the way we grow. And there's three big reasons, right. The first is we will do it for scale. So you saw us do a lot of cloud acquisitions, for example, because we wanted to capture the momentum in the market and to build scale in area, in countries like we did a big one in France, for example, where we didn't have the scale and we had a lot of market momentum. The second reason we do it, is to move into adjacencies. So you saw a spilled Accenture Song and interactive over years, we've used that very effectively with industry X. So you saw that enough big acquisition last year, for example and that continues. And you starting to see that now in sustainability. We just announced three acquisitions. So where we're really built going into new areas with new skills and capabilities and then third, we're always looking to sort of continue to add in our industry and functional expertise and that strategy has served as well. And we continue to believe that that's an important part of our growth going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning and congrats on the results. Wanted to specifically to ask about Europe continues to show robust growth, 30% growth, and I think, KC call that Germany, France, UK, Italy. So lots of concern about the unfortunate situation and war in Ukraine. Is there anything that you guys are seeing that could be in the go forward impacting Europe? Because right now, we're not seeing any weakness in those results.
Julie Sweet: And we're not seeing any weakness in those results. And so we continue to really stay close to our clients. There's, as I talked a little bit about earlier, there's a shift in focus in many of the more impacted industries, and across the board around things like energy efficiency, right. And so our strengths in, for example, manufacturing and sustainability is helping us drive conversations and helping our clients get more energy efficient, for obvious reasons, given the background in Europe, supply chain, lots going on in supply chain, as you think about what we're doing there, we're doing everything from helping them have greater insight. So we're working with a food retailer, for example, to understand how they can anticipate disruptions better and earlier using data and analytics. So supply chain is a big topic. And then costs because everyone's anticipating, it leads to continuation of the inflationary environment that we're seeing globally. And so cost becomes a big focus. So it's today, again, all roads lead to not just technology data and AI, but how do you use it to transform the business? Which is our sweet spot, right? That is what we do. We partner with the technology companies and our clients to help them use these technologies to get results. And that's what we're doing today. And that's the environment that we're seeing our clients need.
Bryan Keane: Got it, no, that's helpful. And then maybe just as a quick follow up, KC. Any thoughts on the latest on pricing and Accenture’s ability to maintain or even get pricing increases in some different areas where the demand is strongest? Thanks so much and congrats again.
KC McClure: Okay. Yes, so we were -- we were pleased that we did see, again, improvement, Bryan in our pricing. And again, reminder that pricing, when we talked about pricing, it's the margin on the work that we sold. And we really need to continue to focus on that, which is what we are doing to offset what we're continuing to see in wage inflation in our business, which as we all know is in all industries, it really is across the globe. So and we are seeing some improvement coming from pricing in our P&L. So I'm pleased with that. And at the same time, as you would expect, we're changing the mix of people on our contracts, and also using technology to help offset the impact of wage increases. So again, very focused on pricing. That's the biggest lever that we have but there -- that they all of these improvements together are still lagging the compensation increases. But we're still very, very satisfied.
Operator: And our next question is from Bryan Bergin with Cowen.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Follow through on bookings, any changes in bookings profiles as it relates to contract duration? And are you seeing any uptick in the interest of clients to sell captive operations here? I'm curious if that type of transaction is picked up.
KC McClure: There really is no change at all in terms of the profile for bookings as it relates to duration.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I'd say on the captive side, it's more of a steady, kind of, it's been steady. I don't think I'd say picked up or not picked up. It's been steady for the last couple of years.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, and then just a question on Accenture Song. Can you talk about some of the operational changes that have been reported in that business as it relates to the consolidation of agency brands and what that does for you?
Julie Sweet: Yes. I think a couple of things, I start with the rebranding is really more around reflecting what we’re doing today in Accenture Interactive and that brand was kind of old because it started a decade ago, right where, and it doesn't really reflect kind of the particularly post pandemic, which is really a complete use of technology, bringing in creative using data and AI and moving very, very fast. So this is where you've got examples like we've given in the past, like a Jaguar Land Rover, where they're using managed services to personalize experiences, and they're moving very, very quickly. And so Song just really captures better what, in fact, we are doing there. And from an operational perspective, it's just a natural evolution to bring together some of the brands that we've acquired over the years as you know, we built Accenture Song through a very deliberate, M&A strategy. And so I think it bit more of just kind of the natural evolution.
Angie Park: Great. And operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Very good. That will come from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much. And thanks for all the details this morning. Wanted to ask a couple more nuanced questions around Accenture’s operations right now. And first, starting with the bench. How would you characterize your bench right now? Are there pockets of resources that are underutilized versus over utilized? And how much of an operational impact could that be having right now, if any?
KC McClure: James, thanks for the question. I will just make just focus on the key metrics that we look at. And we report every quarter as it talks about our people and the usage of our people, clients. We're at 91%, which is really in the zone of utilization that we like to be in, it's a little running a little bit hot throughout the past year and a half since pandemic and we're at 91%. So that's a very healthy range that we're good with.
James Faucette: Got it. And then a lot of the conversation this morning, obviously is focused on macro and demand, et cetera. But are there any industry groups and/or service dimensions that you're expecting to accelerate versus decelerate, especially as you know the customers seem to be at least modifying a little bit. The conversations they are having to focus a little more on cost versus growth, et cetera. Are there key parts of that -- those different industries and segments that could see changes as a result?
KC McClure: Maybe I'll just anchor to what we saw this quarter. And I can hand it over to Julie to give a little bit of color on that. But we did see all 13 industries this quarter have double digit revenue growth, right. And when we talked about bookings, we had strength across all of our markets, services and industry.
Julie Sweet: Yes, and I would just add that, remember, an industry isn't a monolith, right? So you had coming out of the pandemic, in almost every industry, you had some percentage, we've talked about this, who went really fast. Now you've got others who are saying, wait a minute, we're seeing the impact of some of the leaders move faster on their digital transformations. And so for example, those who moved early to the cloud, we're now talking about the next phase of how do you utilize the cloud to drive new things. Remember, our little formula cloud is. The cloud is the foundation, data is the driver and AI is the differentiator. And so if you've moved to the cloud, now, you're using the data in that differently, right, as opposed to those who still need to move to the cloud. Like we are very early in the transition. And so the way we think about it is if you have a total enterprise we walk our clients through, what's the digital core, you need to have? Where are you on the maturity scale? And how do you prioritize? And so while we look at the industries is growing double digits, what's actually happening within the industry really depends on where you are on the maturity curve. And that's what drives our business, right? Because we can help the clients who are leaders go to the next level, and we're helping the ones that are behind trying to leapfrog. And so I think it's important to look at in that sense is that you need to have granular deep understanding of the industries and help our clients. We help our clients with that to know where to go next.
James Faucette: All right, thanks for that color. Well, thanks everyone. Great. Thanks James. All right. In closing, we really appreciate everyone for joining us today. And thank you again to all of our people and our leaders for another outstanding quarter in every dimension from our financial results to our 360 degree value beyond our financials. And thank you to all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We'll work hard every day to continue to earn it all the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-03-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations.  On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.  Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.  Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call.  During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.  Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining. I would like to begin by honoring the incredible bravery of the Ukrainian people in the face of the unlawful invasion by Russia and extending our deep sympathy and concern over the horrific losses of life. While these words don't feel adequate to capture what is happening, we are taking actions to help in the small ways we can, which I will share more about later in the call.  Turning now to the quarter. I will start by thanking our almost 700,000 people around the world for your incredible dedication and work to create 360-degree value for our clients and all our stakeholders. Thank you to our clients who are making bold moves to transform and putting their trust in us to help them. Finally, thank you to our technology ecosystem partners we work with every day to innovate and create more value for our clients.  Now a few highlights from the quarter. We had record bookings of almost $20 billion and continued improved pricing, which refers to contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell across the business with 36 clients with bookings over $100 million. We had record revenue growth of 28% in local currency, bringing total revenue added through H1 to $6.2 billion, which is what we added in all of FY '21. And our EPS grew 25% year-over-year with flat operating margin and continued significant investment in our business and our people.  Our workforce grew by 24,000 people, demonstrating again our ability to attract top talent at the scale needed by our clients. We were the top scoring company on the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index out of more than 400 organizations globally. We were recognized in Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies for the 15th year in a row and by JUST Capital for the sixth consecutive year. Our people completed another 9.2 million training hours this quarter. And we continue to gain market share, growing more than 3x the market.  With such an exceptional quarter, I would like to particularly recognize and thank the incredibly strong delivery teams that underlie these results. Our clients know that our commitments are backed by the outstanding work our people do every day, working side-by-side with them, from shaping the future to building the best systems and platforms to creating amazing new experiences and brands to running critical functions for our clients and everything in between.  Before handing over to KC, let me pause to reflect on the current macro environment. It was almost exactly 2 years ago that we did earnings only 8 days after the pandemic was declared. Then, as now, the world faced incredible uncertainty. We are all watching the events unfold in Ukraine, and there are many potential scenarios which are difficult to predict.  While the circumstances are very different, our focus is the same: on the well-being of our people, serving our clients and staying close to their evolving needs and helping our communities. We emerged from the pandemic an even stronger and more relevant company, and we will use this strength to successfully navigate this environment and fulfill these same 3 goals.  Over to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were extremely pleased with our overall results in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations with record new bookings of almost $20 billion, $2.8 billion higher than our previous record set last quarter. Our results reflect very strong double-digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, which reinforce the relevance of our offerings and capabilities in the market to deliver value for our clients.  We had a very strong Q2 and first half of the year. While we know the environment is uncertain given the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, we always call it as we see it. And based on the best information we have today, we are increasing key elements of our full year guidance, which I will cover in more detail later in our call.  Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 28% local currency, increasing $3 billion over Q2 last year and nearly $300 million above the top end of our guided range, driven by broad-based over-delivery across all markets, services and industries with all 13 industries growing double digits. We also continued to extend our leadership position with growth estimated to be more than 3x the market, which refers to our basket of publicly-traded companies.  We delivered EPS in the quarter of $2.54, reflecting 25% growth over adjusted EPS last year, and operating margin of 13.7% was consistent with Q2 of last year. And 10 basis points expansion year-to-date reflects continued significant investments in our people and our business.  Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2 billion and returned $2.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We have made investments of $1.8 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 21 transactions in the first half of the year. And we continue to expect to invest approximately $4 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year.  With that, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were a record at $19.6 billion for the quarter, representing growth of 22% in USD over a very strong Q2 last year, with an overall book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $10.9 billion, a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $8.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which were driven by both technology services and strategy and consulting, as well as 36 clients with bookings over $100 million.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $15 billion, a 24% increase in U.S. dollars and 28% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.3 billion, up 29% in U.S. dollars and 34% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.7 billion, up 19% in U.S. dollars and 23% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, strategy and consulting, technology services and operations all grew very strong double digits. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 26% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Software & Platforms, Consumer Goods, Retail & Services -- Travel Services and Public Service. In Europe, revenues grew 31% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services, Industrial and Banking & Capital Markets.  Looking closer at the countries. Europe was driven by double-digit growth in the U.K., Germany, France and Italy. In Growth Markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services, Banking & Capital Markets and Public Service. From a country perspective, Growth Markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan, Australia and Brazil.  Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 30.1% compared with 29.7% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.4%, consistent with the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 7% compared to 6.6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.1 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, consistent with Q2 last year.  Before I continue, as a reminder, we recognized an investment gain in Q2 last year, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.21. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.2% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 17.5% for the second quarter last year.  Diluted earnings per share were $2.54 compared with an adjusted diluted EPS of $2.03 in the second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 41 days compared to 42 days last quarter and 34 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $165 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $5.5 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.6 million shares for $1.7 billion at an average price of $369.19 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $4.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share for a total of $617 million. This represents a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on May 13, a 10% increase over last year. So, at the halfway point of fiscal '22, we have delivered very strong results.  Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Let's begin with the demand environment. We are experiencing double-digit growth in all parts of our business across all markets, industries and services. All our growth priorities, Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Intelligent Operations, Intelligent Platform Services, Interactive, Security and transformational change management all are growing double digits. Many of our clients are taking on bold transformation programs, often spanning multiple parts of the enterprise in an accelerated time frame, which we call compressed transformation, as they recognized the need to transform every part of their enterprise with technology, data and AI and new ways of working.  What is also clear is that the sheer speed at which an enterprise now needs to move and the breadth of the expertise required to transform demands partnerships. For example, our wide range of managed services from Intelligent Operations to application development and maintenance to Cloud, infrastructure and security, our strategic capabilities that enable our clients to digitize faster, access hard-to-hire talent, transform more quickly due to our deep expertise and achieve outcomes from greater efficiency to improved customer satisfaction, to enhance security, to faster development, to higher growth.  Our managed services are unique because they combine our strong strategy and consulting capabilities to anticipate and shape the future and be at the cutting-edge of industry, function and technology. We also see our clients looking for partners who can create 360-degree value, upskilling our people, focusing on enhancing diversity and building in sustainability, which is our focus.  Stepping back, when you think about the extraordinary growth we are experiencing and how we navigated the pandemic, we believe our commitment to create 360-degree value for all our stakeholders and our unmatched diversity of people, services, industries, functions, markets, ecosystem partners and investments, together with our leadership and technology, have made us both relevant to the world's largest companies and resilient.  I will now bring to life how we are partnering with our clients with a snapshot of the range of solutions we are bringing across industries and across the enterprise. Let's start with enterprise functions. In chemicals and natural resources, we are expanding our relationship with a leading chemical manufacturer to carve out one of their business units serving the automotive industry to better focus on sustainable solutions.  As part of this carve-out, we will build the backbone of this new entity with a cloud-based infrastructure, ERP platforms and Intelligent Operations managed services for technology, HR and finance, all in just over 1 year. This compressed transformation will create new value, reduce operating costs by up to 30%, enhance portfolio flexibility and enable future growth in new areas.  In consumer goods and services, we are working with a large multinational personal care corporation to build an integrated digital core with standardized processes, IT enterprise platforms and instant access to consolidated data in the cloud, which will enable a more efficient and flexible supply chain and digital order processing. This will provide more time to sell, reduce human error, create a better customer experience and deliver a stronger bottom line. We will also streamline financial operations, leading to greater agility and cost benefits to remain competitive in any environment and delight their consumers.  Now I will turn to our solutions helping transform the core operations of our clients. In high tech, we are supporting Airbus, a leading aircraft manufacturer in several areas of their business, including digital design, manufacturing and services. With our acquisition of umlaut, we're also helping Airbus engineering and manufacturing teams to develop the new A350F. At the same time, we will also onboard and manage training for new frontline employees using a realistic digital twin pilot, optimizing onboarding time and significantly reducing the learning curve of shop floor workers without disturbing production.  In Banking & Capital Markets, we are helping BBVA, a global financial services firm, synchronize and speed up its digital journey. With the power of analytics, AI and automation, we will create an intelligent data-driven banking operation with greater agility and productivity, lowering costs by up to 30% by leveraging our strategic managed services, improving their customer experience and becoming an integral part of their talent strategy to provide new growth opportunities, upskilling and security opportunities. This builds on our work with this digital leader that spans over 25 years, including international expansion, capital market strategy and digital sales and services.  In Health, we are helping Highmark Health, a national blended health organization to make Health care more personalized and proactive through the power of technology and data. By leveraging the cloud and operational hub, we'll bridge business units, consolidate enterprise data, provide faster insights and personalize the customer experience with the flexibility to evolve as needs change. By maximizing its key asset data, Highmark Health will see faster time to market, reduce operational costs and increase innovation and most importantly, better health outcomes.  And we are helping clients accelerate their growth agenda. In consumer goods and services, we are collaborating with Del Monte, the iconic fresh and packaged food company, to establish effective B2B2C and direct-to-consumer commerce platforms. We will transition and scale their existing platforms into a one commerce ecosystem to make it easier to create and launch new products, driving significant growth in their e-commerce revenue.  We are helping with clients to help shape and deliver on the significant emerging opportunity of the Metaverse. We've been an early innovator in this area backing -- going back a number of years, investing in R&D, our people and our own metaverse, One Accenture Park, all of which positions us to help our clients accelerate their Metaverse strategies and initiatives.  In communications and media, we are helping Telstra, Australia's leading telecommunications company, to deploy 5G connectivity and technology to deliver immersive fan experiences at Melbourne's Marvel Stadium. From booking a seat to parking, to engaging with a match, fans will soon be able to experience a new augmented reality stadium experience before, during and after they attend the game. And if you missed the release yesterday, please be sure to read our new technology vision, which is titled, Meet Me in the Metaverse, and is available on our website. And we are building the digital cores of our clients from replatforming in cloud to building core systems as described in many of the examples above, to helping them secure their enterprise as the security landscape widens.  In Life Sciences, we are working with Merck, a global pharmaceutical leader to create robust intangible value across the organization, which will help enable growth, accelerate the development of life-changing therapies for patients around the world. We will develop a more flexible and responsive IT infrastructure in the cloud, leveraging data and analytics and product-centric methodologies to power innovation, insight and speed. At the same time, we are cultivating IT talent through a new operating model that drives upskilling, diversity and development.  Also in Life Sciences, we are expanding our partnership with an international drug wholesale company, which advances development and delivery of health care products, including life-saving cancer treatments and COVID vaccines around the world to support their suite of cybersecurity towers by creating an integrated delivery model to increase resilience, accountability, collaboration and feedback across monitoring, engineering, data protection, risk and compliance and identity while also reducing costs.  And we are helping our clients...
Unidentified Company Representative: [Technical Difficulty]
Julie Sweet: I'm sorry?
Unidentified Company Representative: The call dropped.
Julie Sweet: Has the call dropped?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, I think it's still going.
Julie Sweet: Sorry about that, everyone. I just want to make sure, confirm that we're good. Apologies. If you can hear me, we heard the call apparently dropped. We're good. Okay.  So let's go back to we're helping our clients put sustainability in their core. We are helping a leading steel and mining company move to low-carbon steelmaking and employ decarbonization technologies. As an end-to-end partner supporting the company's ambitious decarbonization program, we will help standardize and implement the technical solution among its sites.  I would now like to briefly comment on how Accenture as a company and our people have mobilized to support our Ukrainian colleagues and provide humanitarian aid. When people ask me what makes Accenture special, our actions like these are what come to mind. While we do not have operations or people who work in the Ukraine, we have many Ukrainians who work for us, particularly in Poland. For their extended families who are in Ukraine, we quickly put in place Ukrainian language telehealth and other remote support services. And for those family members who are leaving the Ukraine, we are providing the settlement assistance.  I also am proud of our people who have volunteered to drive refugees from the border to help get them settled. With a decade of experience helping refugees, we knew that not-for-profit organizations operating in Ukraine and the border countries providing humanitarian relief would have an initial immediate need for cash. We are currently donating $5 million in cash to these organizations.  In addition, our people have donated nearly $1.5 million in our employee giving program, and we are providing 100% match funding. Our people also have sprung into action to anticipate the next needs of refugees. In Poland, we are piloting the first addition of an Accenture Academy for women refugees from Ukraine to build their technology skills starting in cybersecurity.  Finally, as we've shared, we are discontinuing our business in Russia. We are working to support our nearly 2,300 employees there, and we want to thank them for their dedication and commitment to Accenture over the years.  Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, I would like to provide some context as events are rapidly evolving and there's significant amount of uncertainty. Our third quarter and full year guidance does not include any assumption for a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope.  Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in the range of $15.7 billion to $16.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 4 compared to the third quarter of fiscal '21 and reflects an estimated 22% to 26% growth in local currency.  For the full fiscal year '22, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 3% compared to fiscal '21. For the full fiscal '22, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 24% to 26% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which continues to assume an inorganic contribution of about 5%.  For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2%, a 10 basis point expansion of our fiscal '21 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21.  For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in the range of $10.61 to $10.81 or 21% to 23% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For the full fiscal '22, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9.2 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2.  Finally, we now expect to return at least $6.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
A - Angie Park: Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Good stuff here. And yes, Julie, we could hear you the whole time. I don't think the call dropped. Can you talk a little bit about, given you guys are very global and very much on the front lines with major corporations, how -- what impact or changes are you seeing companies start to make with the work they're doing with Accenture in response to the macroeconomic environment, meaning to deal with inflation or supply chain challenges or sanction enforcement or anything like that? What are some of these -- are you seeing -- starting to see some conversations going, some shifts or interest in doing different types of programs with you?
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Lisa. Great question because we're talking to our clients all the time. And I guess, let me just start with, I think the experience of the pandemic has just built in more of a sense of resilience and agility. And so we're seeing really a lot of what I call calm in response to the macro environment. I mean the reality is that it's very early. And while there are lots of like predictions around what could happen with inflation, what could happen with supply chain, people are not overreacting. And instead, what I'd say is they're remaining very focused on the priorities they had before the crisis because as you talk about, inflation is already a reality, right?  And we're already living that. And so for inflation, depending on the industry, like, for example, consumer goods, there's been a lot of focus on growth and cost, right, with cost being even higher up because you're seeing that you can't push through all of the -- and price increases, all of the increases in input. Of course, as you think about the potential scenarios around like disruption of agriculture and so on, we could see that potentially going higher, but it's too early to tell. And instead, companies are saying, look, we've got to make sure that we're on pace, and we're executing. The same as I think about energy prices. Supply chain, if anything, there's just been an increased focus on we need to think as much about resilience, right, as cost in supply chain. And we absolutely have to digitize so we've got more insight.  And so I think the trends that we were already seeing to address, things coming out of the pandemic, the changing economic environment around inflation are simply being focused on even more. And this premium on are we building in agility and are we going at the right pace, that's really the nature of the conversations.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay. Okay. And then maybe my follow-up, KC, for you. I'll ask the inevitable margin question. It looked like -- I know Julie made a comment about contract pricing being up. It looks like gross margins are up, but SG&A also was up a bit, and then you're coming in at the lower end of your margin expectation. Can you just talk a little bit about the drivers there, what's going on in the underlying cost base?
KC McClure: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Lisa. So let me first start with, we were really pleased with our performance in operating margin. So we've expanded 10 basis points to the first half of the year. And we were flat in the second quarter. And really, that was driven by revenue growth, as we mentioned, with -- that had improved pricing on our record bookings. So very pleased with profit this quarter, including the 25% growth that we delivered in EPS.  And so let's -- let me just peel that back a bit. So we're in a hypergrowth environment where we're hiring at elevated levels to meet this demand. So at the same time, as you know, we're navigating wage inflation. So Lisa, we remain very focused on pricing, knowing that it's going to take some time for the improved pricing, which lags compensation to flow through our P&L, but we did see some impact to that in this second quarter results.  I think probably more importantly, it's really very important that we significantly invest in our people and our business and we're doing so at even higher levels than last year. So we're absorbing that also in our up margin as well as the step-up that we've talked about in our acquisition spend.  So just in summary, we're halfway through the year. We're 10 basis points of margin expansion. We think we'll continue to that level of margin expansion in the back half of the year. Really pleased with that. And that would mean an EPS growth, which is stellar at 21% to 23% growth for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Congratulations on these great results. I had 2 questions. I guess the first one is, given the disruption to some of the digital engineering IT service firms in Eastern Europe, are you seeing additional demand from clients looking to other vendors?
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Bryan. It's really too early to see that. We're seeing clients staying very focused on their business and what we're doing with them.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And the other thing that jumped out at me is the 3x growth rate versus the market. I think typically, Accenture has been more of a 2x in recent years. So can you just talk to us about why the expansion and share gains that's happened over just recently here?
Julie Sweet: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. It's really, I think, a combination of things, right, but let's just always start with our clients. Prepandemic, what we saw were clients much more into -- they did transformation quite sequentially, right? The pandemic was a major shock. You saw the leaders who are kind of coming into that saying we've got to go even faster. And you saw a bunch of companies saying, we need to leapfrog, right? We need to move online. We need to do digital transformation.  And that meant that we saw companies starting to take on -- not sequential transformation, but what we call compressed transformation, where they're, at the same time, doing manufacturing as well as sales. And you saw that in some of the examples that I gave today where you've got entirely new backbones being created across multiple enterprise functions, where you've got both new platforms being put into place and manufacturing. And they're doing that in order to lead because of what they see in the business.  And when you think about who is able to help navigate, because you don't do that kind of transformation with like a different partner for every transformation, right? Accenture is very distinctive in our industry because we are able to transform every part of the enterprise. And that's one of the things I was trying to emphasize. Like we can do -- we're going to finance in HR, right? We've got the growth agenda, sales, marketing and service, right? We've been investing for a decade in Industry X, which is really taking off. We talked about the digital frontier.  And so you have in Accenture a partner that can do that. And you see that over the course of the last 2 years in the record numbers compared to prepandemic of clients with over $100 million in bookings. And it's really -- it's recognizing, it's representing that level of demand. And we're quite unique. Like we've talked about this for years, right? All of our different services, our deep industry knowledge. And when you're moving fast, you need a partner that really can span the enterprise and has that deep knowledge of the industry. And that is, of course, driving the growth, right? Because we are capturing the momentum in every part of the enterprise that's happening now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great results here. Just wanted to clarify your assumptions on the really strong outlook. Can we assume that your approach towards guidance is similar to the approach you took at the onset of the pandemic? And are you assuming any slowdown in Europe in your guide? I know there's a lot of questions we're giving on macro within Europe, so figured I'd just ask it here.
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks, Tien-Tsin. So let me just cover what we're assuming in our guidance. So -- and maybe I'll first start with our guidance does take into account the revenue impact of discontinuing our business in Russia and the cost to wind that down.  Now with respect to the broader risk, our guidance, we're calling it like we see it, Tien-Tsin. So the same way that we did -- we always do, we did during the pandemic. And today, we don't see a significant disruption in our business. Now it's still very early, and it's difficult to predict. So our guidance does not take into account any significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or the conflict's current scope.  Now as it pertains to Europe, we are not seeing a significant disruption in our business in Europe. You've seen that reflected as well in our very strong bookings and revenue growth. And for the back half of the year, our guidance continues to assume a very strong double-digit growth, including in Europe.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Great. Look, we trust your outlook. I just want to make sure I understood the approach here. Just my quick follow-up, just the 36 clients, over $100 million, big number. I'm just curious if the pipeline for larger deals, how does that look from here your ability to replenish? I know we're in March now, but just curious what you're thinking on larger deals looking ahead here.
KC McClure: Yes. So I'll comment on the pipeline, Tien-Tsin, and see if Julie wants to add anything else. But we continue to feel good about our pipeline even with another quarter of record bookings just completed. We were very pleased with our bookings, obviously, in Q2 and for the first half of the year. But bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So we focus on the trailing 12-month book-to-bill as I know many of you do, too. But we, overall, still feel really good about our pipeline.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, the only one thing I want to add maybe back to your last question is, we are doing exactly what we did at the pandemic, which is we're calling it like we see it, right? So we'll update every quarter. And we've got -- we're really close to the clients, right? And as we said at the beginning, it is too early. So we're not trying to build in, be overly conservative or overly optimistic. Like we really just call it down the fairway. And next quarter, we'll update and we'll go from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Just wanted to ask about the bookings, obviously, extremely strong here. I was just curious on the consulting and outsourcing side. How much above your internal expectations did they come in? And how should we think about book-to-bill in the back half of the year? I know year-to-date, it's nicely elevated at 1.2x. So should we just expect some normalization there in the back half?
KC McClure: Jason, I would say that our bookings -- our record bookings did come in higher than we expected. That was a broad-based over-delivery across all markets, all services and industries as well as consulting and outsourcing type of work. And again, we look at an overall book-to-bill, as I just mentioned to Bryan, in a trailing 12 months, 4 quarters at a time. So, we feel good about where we are and our positioning and our pipeline and our bookings to date as we head into H2.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. All right. Understood. And then can you just remind us which countries within Central and Eastern Europe you have the most meaningful headcount, obviously, excluding Russia? But I know you mentioned Poland earlier, but just so we have a broader picture of the headcount distribution in the region?
Julie Sweet: Sure. Poland and Romania would be the sort of the two where we've got delivery centers. We don't have big local market, but Poland and Romania.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman: Julie, I wanted to direct this to you. And the nature of the question is, I wanted to get your view about the durability of double-digit growth. And I'm not focused on this year. So, our model goes back to 2006 for Accenture. So, 2006 to 2021, Accenture grew on average, by about 8 points, which includes some M&A. Half of those years were in the double-digit range, half were not. And so, I'm just trying to think and I think investors are really focused on the phenomenal year that you're having this year, but it sets up: a, a very difficult compare, including 5 points of M&A; and b, a lot of companies, including my firm, came out of COVID and said, we need to do a lot of things differently. So, stressing -- trying to fix our IT infrastructure and -- may have created some pull-ins. The things we're going to do over the next 5 years, many firms are doing over the next 1 year. So, I wanted to get your -- with that as a context, how do you see, as you look out to 2023 and beyond, how do you view Accenture's ability to sustain double-digit growth?
Julie Sweet: I love that you look at it over the long term because that's how we do. And so, the way we think about growth isn't about, is it double digit or not, right? We've had a very enduring and I think it served us well, belief that we should be growing more than the market, right? And so that is what we focus on, is that we are always continuing to take market share. And that is an enduring commitment that we sort of -- that we anchor to.  Now, the way we do that is that we stay very close to clients so that we know not only what they need today, but also, we can anticipate what they need tomorrow, right? And that's really important. So yesterday, for example, we talked about the Metaverse continuum where we have been investing for a decade. We think the Metaverse and Web3 is as significant as when, in 2013, we called that every business would be a digital business. And that will be a huge transformation over the next decade that will also be part of -- sort of next waves of growth.  At the same time, it's really important to look at where we are now, which is still extraordinarily early in the digital transformation of every part of the enterprise, right? We estimate, for example, that only about 30% of workloads have been -- have moved to the cloud. And once you get to the cloud, that's when you actually use those technologies to grow and innovate. You saw that in some of the examples that we gave today where you're having the cloud piece, but then you're figuring out how to use the data and the AI to really transform.  When you look at replatforming on the leading SaaS platform, similarly, extraordinarily early. So, everyone feels, right, the big focus on digital because that was the wake-up call from the pandemic. But the actual transformation and just putting in the foundation is still very early stages, and then it's what you do on that foundation.  Then if you look at from a technology development point of view, let's take manufacturing and supply chain. Many of the technologies have that are advanced have only been introduced in the last couple of years, right, the advanced cloud-based technologies. And so, technology itself, like there's still new functionality that doesn't even exist in some of the major platforms that's still being created. And so, we consider the manufacturing and supply chain as the next digital frontier. And of course, that was a big play for us, which we've been doing for the last decade because it's a move from IT to OT as you think about the budgets that we're accessing, right?  And so overall, like as much as we feel there's so much going on, you still have many, many companies who’ve not started the compressed transformation. You're very early in the platforming of what's today, let alone the next things that we can already see like Web3.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Great. Very helpful. KC, I'll make my follow-up a bit more poignant question, and just want to try to understand the operating margin comments that you made before. And specifically, is wage inflation impacting that negatively, influencing some of the comments you made about potential for operating margin expansion this year?
KC McClure: Yes. So in terms of wage inflation, I will -- it's really a pretty similar case to what we've discussed last quarter. So maybe it just kind of goes back through that again. So obviously, it's occurring in all the industries, and it's across the globe. And our clients have also obviously experienced this as well in this very tight labor market.  But for us, as it relates to wage inflation, we see for our business that we're going to continue to have wage increases in the market for certain skills, and that's going to continue to vary by geography. And we're also looking at have the Consumer Price Index and any increases there and how that might potentially spill over into inflation at the lower end of our pyramid.  And so we're focusing on pricing to absorb our higher labor costs. And again, as it relates to pricing, what we're seeing is that it's going to take some time, Keith, for the improved pricing, which we did have in the second quarter, again, on our record bookings. We see that flow through -- see that flow through our P&L. We did see some of that impact in the second quarter, but that obviously lags the impact of compensation increases.
Julie Sweet: And I'm just going to add -- and I just want to add that I'm very happy with where we are on profitability. I mean if you think about what we are navigating, right, hyper growth has increased costs from all the recruiting, right? We did a big step-up in acquisitions last year. We're absorbing that dilution this year, right? We've increased significantly the investments in our business, which are all about driving growth today, but also tomorrow, right? We're in an unprecedented labor market with wage inflation, which we are absorbing and still delivering at 10 basis points operating margin expansion. So I feel really good about where we are as a company, both for this year and all the things that we're doing to position ourselves to continue to grow in market-leading ways.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Julie, KC, congratulations on the quarter and outlook. I wanted to start with the M&A question. I believe there was no M&A since last earnings. Perhaps I may have missed a smaller deal or 2. Is that just a quirk of timing? Or is it that you just recently did larger deals and are integrating? Or might there be other factors at play?
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I'll just state some facts and you can -- yes, so Ash, we're about halfway through the year. And we did have a lot of acquisitions closed in Q1. You're right, we did have less close in Q2. But acquisition closing, they can be lumpy. We can't always control the timing. So we've deployed $1.8 billion of acquisition spend year-to-date. We continue to expect about $4 billion of acquisition spend in FY '22. But of course, we're only going to do deals that make sense. And so it could be plus or minus the $4 billion. And we'll update you next quarter. But let me...
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I just like I wish we could manage it sort of like say, we're going to do this many and then we're going to absorb. But it really is just about timing goes up and down. And also, we have a lot of rigor and discipline. We're only going to do deals that we believe in, right? So we're not trying to manage in any way to a quarter. We've got a capital allocation. If we can do that with great deals, we're going to do it, and so that's the approach.  I will take the opportunity just to say one of the ones we did announce, we did close 2 this quarter. But one of the ones we announced I'm super excited about, which is AFD.TECH, which is in the network space, 1,600 people in France. And it's important because as you think about what's happening in digitization, our increasing move into really leading in network is important. And it's just another great example of how we use acquisitions to accelerate our strategic growth priorities. It's an important part of Accenture Cloud First.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: No doubt. I agree with that. And I wanted to ask a broader question. This has unfortunately been asked in a few different ways. But I think you captured it well in your takeoff sentence when you mentioned an incredibly high level of uncertainty. But I believe that since the compressed transformation move started, this is probably the first major test of secular trend versus cyclical uncertainty. And I know you're calling outlook like you see it. But is this time different? Can the strength of secular overcome cyclical challenges?
Julie Sweet: Look, we all rose to dealing with the types of things that may come out of this crisis other than perhaps the military scenarios, right, whether it's more inflation, the need for energy conservation due to higher energy prices, the disruption in supply chain, agriculture. All roads lead to some combination of technology and human ingenuity, right, which is what we bring together. And so, you've got great solutions like managed services to accelerate both cost takeout and finding new ways to grow, new ways to access markets, right? You've got energy efficiency that's going to come from technology improvements.  And so, as you think about what we do, right, we're the company that's going to be able to help companies navigate these macro trends. And so, we really believe that the technology -- importance of technology and then being able to apply it to get tangible outcomes is going to be critical. And so, we believe we'll be resilient through this, through whatever this is going to be as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Surinder Thind with Jefferies.
Surinder Thind: The first question I'd like to ask is just about talent and your ability to acquire it more globally. Obviously, in the earlier announcement about the apprenticeship program or the expansion of it in the U.S., can you talk a little bit about as you build out the bottom base of the pyramid for your delivery.How does something like that impact like bill rates or the clients' willingness to accept bill rates when you're using individuals with non-4-year degrees and so forth?
Julie Sweet: Interesting question. I would say that our clients really focus on skills. They don't focus on degrees. And so, what they're looking for are the skills. And that's a broader trend. In fact, we predicted that 3 years from now, Chief Human Resources officers will all be talking about skills. And as part of this trend, you need to be -- not a consumer, but a creator of talent, understand skills and then be able to reskill.
Surinder Thind: Fair enough. And does that also impact your cost as well, though? Are you able to employ them at a better cost base, I guess? How should I think about the arbitrage opportunity there if clients are willing to pay for the full skill?
Julie Sweet: I wouldn't think about the arbitrary opportunity. We pay market-relevant pay. And it's the focus on skills. Even if you look at our -- the way we draft our recruiting thing, it is about skills. And so, there isn't something that because you've got a 2-year degree versus a 4-year degree, now you're paid less. It's about skills. So, there's a market price for these skills. So, I wouldn't think of it as labor arbitrage.
Surinder Thind: Got it. And then as a follow-up question, just a big-picture, longer-term question just about the delivery model. Do the current geopolitical events maybe change your perception of where you may want to operate or expand to? There's generally been in the trend of the last few years, much more global delivery. Obviously, you guys are very global. But in terms of just trying to get as much talent in every country everywhere, how does that kind of change the way that you might be thinking about delivery, whether it's being more concentrated in certain regions or areas or avoiding other regions and areas?
Julie Sweet: What I would say is since the time of the pandemic, when we had this global shock, right, we continued to evolve our ability to move work and be flexible. And so, our focus is really on that agility and making sure that we have the right kinds of talent, both geographically dispersed, but also the ability to move talent around.
Angie Park: Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap the call.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Brian Essex with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Essex: Great. I echo my congratulations on the results for the quarter. I guess, I wanted to follow up to the last question, maybe a little different angle, focused on the supply side. So, I guess with that` in mind, Julie, are you seeing -- obviously, in a post-pandemic era or hopefully coming out of the pandemic, companies are used to operating in a hybrid world, more agnostic to where work is performed. Any trends that you -- or overarching trends that you can call out either by skill level or by geography where they might, and specifically, would love to focus it on how they're managing costs? So, are they looking to shift work to particular geographies? Do you see demand in particular geographies? Are there certain trends that you can call out with regard to the skilling of labor forces in particular geographies that are notable where you might see some cost benefit or better ability to supply to meet demand?
Julie Sweet: I'm talking about talent all the time with our clients. And I'd say that it's slightly different than what your focus is. Here are the two big things, which are all around accessing talent. So, in accessing talent, means you have to be able to attract and retain it, and you've got to be able to get it at scale.  So the bigger focus is around what does it take to attract and retain in a hybrid work environment. And so more companies are focused on where they did -- they used to want everybody in the office, having more of a hybrid model, and that has knock-on cost effects as you decrease your real estate. And so that's been a big focus.  But the actual -- the thing we talk to clients about is it's more about how do you attract people who today, all of our research shows that if you're not having to be there in a frontline worker, you want some combination, and then that does have costs. And so that's a huge focus around talent.  The second piece on access, if you look at the way our managed services are being driven, it is really 2 big things. One is it's faster to digitize because you use our platforms. And the second is the access to hard-to-get talent, right? And so let's just take security. We have 10,000 security professionals who do everything from threat assessment to the rebuilding and designing platforms to managed services. And in today's world, with the security landscape broadening, right, that access to that kind of talent is incredible. And so just the real focus is on access and what does it take to access it, including through partnerships. And those are the kinds of conversations that we have.
Brian Essex: Got it. That's super helpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up on resources. What have you seen historically? I know we've got accelerating energy prices, oil in particular. What have you seen historically with regard to follow-on for alternative projects and greater investment in the energy sector, in particular, in response to prices? How high is it been correlated, particularly on the discretionary side and maybe your experience in terms of how you've seen follow-through with spend in that sector?
Julie Sweet: Yes. Well, listen, I was just at CERAWeek, which is the world's largest energy conference for a couple of days just last week, so I spent a lot of time with everyone in the energy sector. And I think rather than looking at it historically, let's look at it like what are people talking about now. So first of all, despite the increases in prices, say, in oil and gas, no one is saying, "Hey, now we've got to let up on cost." In fact, the exact opposite. Because the oil and gas industry, in fact, the entire energy industry has a major challenge ahead of investing to move to sustainable energy solutions.  And so what I would say is that there is an absolutely laser focus on continuing what that industry had to do during the pandemic because how it was fit and focus on cost and now accelerate innovation and moving to sustainable energy solutions. And that's where we gave the example today of how we're helping in decarbonization. We announced this week what we're doing with Ecopetrol and AWS around water management, right? And so we're playing -- we're obviously very well situated. We have a deep, deep expertise in utilities and oil and gas and the entire energy sector in -- at their core both enterprise as well as in the grid, at the refinery and then helping really create those sustainable solutions. We see this as a major opportunity for our clients that we want to help them on.
Angie Park: Great. Thank you very much. I'm going to close the call now. Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and thank you again to our incredible people and to our shareholders for your continued trust.  Please make sure to join us for our Virtual Investor and Analyst Day on Thursday, April 7. We're looking forward to being back together. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Eastern today through June 23. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering access code 6300496. International participants may dial 402-970-0847.  That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-12-16 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Accenture First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. I would like to start by thanking our 674,000 people around the world for your extraordinary work and commitment to our clients. Our results again, this quarter reflect how you are living our purpose every day to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. As more and more companies embrace compressed transformation, our clients are turning to us as their trusted partner, as reflected in our outstanding growth of 27% this quarter. We added 15 new diamond clients bringing the total to 244. Diamond clients are our largest relationships. And to give some context, we added 13 diamonds in all of FY '21. We also had record bookings of $16.8 billion, 30% growth year-over-year with 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. And we expanded operating margin 20 basis points in Q1 with adjusted EPS growth of 28%. While we continue to invest in our business and people, including $1.7 billion in acquisitions, and in just the first quarter, we invested $250 million in learning for our people, with 8.6 million training hours for approximately 14 hours per person. The extraordinary demand we see in the market reflects the imperative of digital transformation. Companies are making critical decisions about who will be their strategic partners. And they are selecting us because of our talented people, our deep industry and technology capabilities, and our commitment to both create value and lead with value. We predicted back in 2013 that every business would be a digital business. And we have executed a clear strategy to rotate our business to anticipate and be ready to serve our clients. And when the pandemic hit, we were ready with capabilities that scale reflected in 70% of our revenue at that time being from digital cloud and security, with strong relationships with the world's leading technology companies, which in some cases go back decades, with a focus on growing our people through learning, allowing us to rapidly re-skill, with an unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity and equality and caring for our people professionally and personally, making us a talent magnet in a tight labor market, adding 50,000 talented individuals in Q1. And it is our breadth of capabilities across strategy and consulting interactive technology and operations, which is unique in our industry that allows us to work side by side with our clients to deliver results. And we believe our goal to create 360 degree value for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities is an essential part of our success. Certainly our commitment to creating vibrant career paths for our people is an important part of this value and we just completed our annual promotion process. I want to congratulate our 1,030 new promotes to Managing Director, 143 new appointments to Senior Managing Directors and the more than 90,000 people we promoted around the world in Q1 overall. Today we launched our 360 value reporting experience, a new way to show our progress and the value we create in all directions for all of our stakeholders. More on that later. KC, over to you.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. Happy Holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our overall results in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations, setting a new bookings records at $16.8 billion, with consulting bookings exceeding the previous record by more than $1 billion. Our results reflected strong double-digit revenue growth across all dimensions of our business, all markets, services and industry groups. And we saw improved pricing in many parts of our business. Based on the strength of our first quarter results and the demand we see in the market, we are significantly increasing our full year revenue and EPS outlook. Now let me summarize a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenues grew 27% in local currency, increasing more than $3.2 billion over Q1 last year, and more than $600 million above our guided range, with broad based over delivery across all markets, services and industries with all 13 industry groups growing double digits. We continue to extend our leadership position with growth we estimate to be more than 5x the market which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. Operating margin of 16.3% for the quarter, an increase -- with an increase of 20 basis points. We continue to drive margin expansion while making significant investments in our people, in our business, including acquisitions. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.78, up 28% over adjusted fiscal '21 results. Finally, we delivered free cash flow of $349 million and return $1.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested approximately $1.7 billion in acquisitions, and we continue to expect to invest approximately $4 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were record at $16.8 billion for the quarter, representing 30% growth in U.S dollars, and were $800 million higher than our previous record. With an overall book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were record at $9.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our bookings this quarter, which reflected 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. All of our service dimensions, strategy consulting, technology services and operations, as well as our geographic markets delivered strong double-digit bookings growth in U.S dollars. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $15 billion, a 27% increase in U.S dollars and in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $8.4 billion, up 33% in U.S dollars and 32% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.6 billion, up 21% U.S dollars and in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimension, strategy and consulting, technology services and operations all grew very strong double-digit. Turning to our geographic markets. In North America, revenue growth was 26% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in public service, software and platforms, and consumer goods, retail and travel services. In Europe, revenues grew 28% local currency, led by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, industrial and banking and capital markets. Looking closer to countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in Germany, U.K., France and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 30% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan and Australia. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.9%, compared with 33.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.7% compared with 10.4% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were 6.9% compared to 6.6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.4 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 16.3% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q1 last year. Before I continue, as a reminder, we recognized an investment gain in Q1 last year, which impacted our tax rates and increased EPS by $0.15. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.4% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.7% for the first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.78 compared with adjusted diluted EPS of $2.17 in the first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 42 days, compared to 38 days last quarter and 38 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $349 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $531 million, net of property and equipment additions of $182 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $5.6 billion compared with $8.2 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.4 million shares for $845 million at an average price of $346.19 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $5.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share for a total of $613 million. This represents a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on February 15, a 10% increase over last year. So in summary, we are very pleased with our Q1 results and we are off to a very strong start in FY '22. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Starting with the demand environment, as we expected across industries and the globe, technology continues to be the single biggest driver of change, accelerating, disrupting and creating new opportunities. More companies are embracing compressed transformation underpinned by cloud and digital and are moving to build their digital core and use technology to transform how they operate and to find new ways to compete and grow as you would expect for 27% revenue growth. We are seeing broad based demand across all markets, services and industries with double-digit growth across all our strategic growth priorities, including Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Interactive, Intelligent Operations, Intelligent Platform Services, Security and Transformational Change Management. Let me bring this demand to life. First, compressed transformation is occurring across the globe and the key enabler is the cloud across the continuum from public to hybrid to increasingly the edge, and the move to leading SaaS platforms along with the convergence of cloud and data. For example, we are working with a leading global supplier of tires and mobility solutions to migrate to the cloud, modernize its IT platforms, use data to accelerate growth and value and shift to a digital supply chain. We created a state-of-the-art system to track inventory, sales, warranty information and returns, all in the cloud, all in real time and have already helped to increase customer satisfaction 35% with improved cost optimization and increased revenue up next. We're also helping Mount Sinai Health System, New York City's largest academic medical system transform, modernize and increase its resilience by migrating its clinical systems, non-clinical systems and clinical data to a stable, secure cloud based infrastructure to proactively detect and prevent threats, adapt to business and regulatory changes, together with a potential to save millions over the next 5 years, savings that can be reinvested to fund strategic innovative programs and help rescale teams. Our deep industry expertise is helping companies find new solutions and path to growth and helping their customers. For example, we are collaborating with Opay, a leading Finnish Financial Group to use automation, advanced analytics and other emerging technologies to increase business agility, reduce cost, and deliver enhanced customer and employee experiences. Opay will adopt the Intelligent Automation Platform, Accenture myWizard to enable the company to extract greater value from its technology investments. We are working with TUGA, a leading utilities provider in Germany to create and operate a game changing meter-to-cash IT platform in the cloud. It will help reduce operating costs by up to 40%, accelerate time to market and free up resources for energy transition and innovations like smart metering, helping customers make environmentally conscious decisions and energy providers stay responsive and reliable. And as we talked about last quarter, our Sustainability Services are focused on helping our clients across industries move from commitment to action at scale. We see these services is critical to our clients agendas. I'm pleased to announce that we have signed an agreement to acquire Zestgroup, a Dutch sustainability services company with 140 employees that specializes in energy transition services and sourcing renewables and other clean energy sources. We look forward to welcoming them and working together to help clients move at speed to achieve net zero carbon. We continue to help our clients to enter the next digital frontier of Industry X. We're excited to have completed the acquisition of umlaut and are seeing the power of our combination already. Together we're working with a global technology leader to transform from a traditional engineering platform to a more agile model based engineering platform that uses simulation and analysis from design and development all the way through the product lifecycle. We were also working with an American wireless operator to help improve daily operations and transform their network security by combining our deep security risk assessment and communications industry skills. Of course, growth is at the heart of every client's agenda and Interactive is helping our clients capture new growth with their customers with our unique combination of creativity, technology, data, AI and industry expertise. For example, we are applying our digital global capabilities to help Capri Holdings Limited, a global fashion luxury group consisting of the iconic brands Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors, translate its rich in-store luxury shopping experience to a digital experience that aligns with shifting customer behaviors and accelerate sustainable growth. As a strategic partner with Volkswagen Group, a German motor vehicle manufacturer, we're helping Audi and VW to pave the way for sustainable growth through precise continuous commerce and rich experiences along the entire car buying journey. We are combining the power of AI of predictive analytics to deliver the right experiences at the right time to accelerate revenue growth through an expanded digital commerce ecosystem. We're also working with VLI, a Brazilian logistics solutions company and Trato [ph] its new platform business to provide a digital one stop shop for self employed truckers to enhance their growth, to improve logistics by offering options for more profitable freight products as well as to provide them access to critical services such as insurance, loans and health care, all by combining data [ph] analytics and AI. We see an increasing demand to create the platforms that power the digital products and experiences our clients seek for their customers. We're helping CLO, a leader in electronic payments in Latin America become more competitive by migrating to the cloud, which will accelerate new product development and enables cutting edge technologies. This will make it easier to launch innovative products, reduce time to market by two-thirds and lower costs, all while enhancing their customers experience. And of course security is critical to all our clients. We were proud to be selected by the Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, CISA in the U.S., America's risk advisor defending against today's threats, with advanced cyber services to help the Department of Homeland Security protect federal, civilian and executive branch systems against cyber attacks like ransomware, botnets and malware campaigns. Even as companies undergo compressed transformation, exponential technology changes continue. We are investing to anticipate the future and we are working with our clients to innovate and take advantage of emerging technologies to compete and win. Our R&D is powered by Accenture Labs and Ventures and extends across every part of our business so that we can quickly translate research into real results for our clients. For example, we are working with ESPN to explore how emerging technologies can enable new ways for fans to experience sports at the ESPN edge innovation center, leveraging the years of early investments we've made in extended reality. We've been a key participant in shaping the innovation in enterprise, blockchain technologies across the globe, with applications in financial markets, supply chain and digital identity, which now are creating value for our clients. From partnering with the Digital Dollar Foundation to explore a U.S central bank digital currency to working with Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited to build a new integrated settlement platform using digital asset modeling language, Smart Contract. And while the metaverse has recently burst into the public eye, we've been an early innovator in applying the technology. In fact, we often innovate on cutting edge technologies by deploying them at Accenture first. We are proud to have the largest enterprise metaverse to what we call the Nth Floor and are deploying over 60,000 virtual reality headsets and have created one Accenture Park, a virtual campus for onboarding and immersive learning, including meeting rooms and collaborative experiences. Our VR environments provide our people with a human connection and learning experiences in an immersive digital world. We are also working with clients to help explore and shape their early forays into the metaverse through new digital experiences enabled by virtual reality and responding to their interests in new products enabled by NFTs, or non-fungible tokens, new ways to conduct commerce as the metaverse takes shape. Many of these client examples reflect our goal to create 360 degree value. This goal reflects our growth strategy, our purpose, our core values and our culture of shared success. It is also how we operate Accenture and we measure our success by how well we are achieving this goal for all our stakeholders. And today, we are proud to present our new 360 degree value reporting experience, a new way to share our progress, which is available on our website. With this comprehensive digital tool, you'll find all our reporting and data in one place, measuring how we're doing. We've expanded our ESG reporting with three additional ESG framework, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, SASB, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, TCFD and the World Economic Forum International Business Council WEF, IBC metrics, while continuing to report against the Global Reporting Initiative GRI standards, the UNGC 10 principles and the Carbon Disclosure Project, CDP because we believe that transparency builds trust and helps us all make more progress. Back to you, KC.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in the range of $14.3 billion to $14.75 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 4% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '21 and reflects an estimated 22% to 26% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '22, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on a result in U.S dollars will be approximately negative 3% compared to fiscal '21. For the full fiscal '22, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 19% to 22% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which continued to assume an inorganic contribution of 5%. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2% to 15.4%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '21 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in the range of $10.32 to $10.60 or 17% to 20% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For the full fiscal '22, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.4 billion to $8.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.7 billion to $8.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $6.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie? Angie Park Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask the question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you so much. Yes, really remarkable growth here in [technical difficulty] $600 million. I think that's the largest number of growth [technical difficulty] got to ask what surprise you [technical difficulty] with the compressed transformation and [technical difficulty] more on …
Julie Sweet: Hi, I think we were -- Tien-tsin, we are having a little trouble hearing you, but I think I got it. You want to know what drove our over delivery -- are the over delivery $600 million?
Tien-tsin Huang: You got it.
KC McClure: Okay, that's what I thought. So first of all, good morning to you. So the first thing I would say is that overall in terms of our revenue production this quarter, everyone did better. It really was broad based over delivery across all of our markets, all of our industries and our services. And when you want to -- when you peel that back, you really start with bookings. So we have broad based over delivery also in our bookings. And so you see that flowing through our revenue production, Tien-tsin. And on that bookings production, well, we had 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. It really was broad based growth in our bookings, across, the larger deals all the way down to midsize and smaller deals. And then so that also really did help us drive more revenue. And importantly, we were able to meet this demand, because we have the people able here to work on the extra demand coming from the bookings. So we were really very pleased with the overall broad base delivery in the first quarter. And that is why we see that coming into the second quarter, and then a big part, obviously, of our full year revenue increase.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. Thanks [technical difficulty] hope you can hear me okay. My follow-up just maybe for Julie [technical difficulty] 360 degree in [technical difficulty] been hearing a lot about that here. [Technical difficulty] becomes a bigger factor [technical difficulty]. Is that part of the [technical difficulty] care of pushing this [technical difficulty] 360 degree?
Julie Sweet: Yes, no, it's a great question, Tien-tsin. And I think there's a couple of things that are going on. So first of all, we absolutely see in more of the requests for proposals, our clients asking to understand your position on sustainability, for example. So we’re -- we've been -- and we've seen that trend for at least the last 12 months that it's more important formally in our RFPs. But we also see it in the conversations we're having with clients, that they are asking a lot about this, they're very much focused. And so when we talk about it, it's important to them. And so, when we launch this strategy around 360 degree value over a year ago now, it was based on the conversations we were already having with clients, right. We launched it, because our clients were saying, we have to achieve this. And the biggest issues, I think in the world that we look for is how do you move from commitment to action. And so there's -- and part of that is, therefore clients also want to partner with companies that are equally committed, and it matters to them things like 50% of our centers around the world are using renewable energy, right? It matters to them, the work that we're doing on IT -- green IT software, so that eventually we'll be able to have much more sustainable software development. So it's definitely a buyer value. We see it formally. We see it informally. And we see it in terms of what they're trying to do, which is why our sustainability services are also so important, and you heard some of the examples today.
Tien-tsin Huang: That's excellent. Thank you, guys.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
KC McClure: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So you often talk about the market share gains. I'm curious if you've seen an inflection in win rates over the last few quarters, or has there been a significant uptick in overall demand in the market with consistent win rates that is driving this level of growth?
Julie Sweet: Good morning, Bryan. It's the latter. So let me just start with -- we've seen a really consistent win rate. But maybe I'll peel back to what we talked about in the fourth quarter. When we were coming into the year, we felt really good about our pipeline. Even in a seasonably lower quarter, we thought -- we saw good bookings for the first quarter. And obviously, you saw that come through. And our bookings are record bookings this quarter. But I will say even with that, we feel really good about our pipeline, even after the record bookings and that's the statement across all markets and services.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then my follow-up, so when we think about headcount progression, it would seem you're on a path to hit a million people here over the next 3 years or so. So as you've gotten larger, can you talk about what you've had to do differently to enable the strong execution across so many global resources. And just how are you thinking about what you were going to need to do more of as you get even larger?
Julie Sweet: Sure. That's a great question, Bryan. Let me take that. And I think there's three things to focus on. One is how we manage the business. So just to take you back to March 1, 2020 when we announced our next gen growth model, one of the explicit reasons we reorganized at the time, focused on geographies we said was to enable us to scale. And so that's enabled us because we're still fundamentally a people business. It's also driven by a lot of assets, but you need to be able to be close to clients and people. And so that change really allowed us to be where we are now, where we're scaling. But it also, in addition to the scaling, it helps us be more agile. Like you'll remember, we put that into place and we created Accenture Cloud first 4 months later, right, which has been a huge success. And it's the agility by simplifying our structure at the same time. So first, it's -- how we manage our business in terms of an organizational perspective, and having simplified our business. The second piece is the focus on employee experience. Our -- one of our eight leadership essentials is caring for our people, personally and professionally. And this is a very important part of how we are able to scale and drive our culture. And you'll see in our attrition, it again is at the lower end of the pyramid in India, and we have significantly lower attrition at the executive and above. And that is very much we believe, because of how we focus on our people. And the last piece, which is our culture. You notice that we talked about the metaverse and what we've launched in our script today. That's another way of how we're driving our culture. We are constantly innovative -- innovating. So in a world where people can have as many physical experiences today, we created this immersive experience, which connects people, right, which builds connections. And so the focus on being smart about how we manage our people and staying close to them and our clients, our leadership and how we promote and develop and then constantly innovating to build the connection and the culture. We call it omni connections are absolutely critical when you're scaling.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Okay.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of macro questions from me. Can you talk about how inflation is affecting your business? Specifically, is it a tailwind to revenues? Because you're seeing -- you're able to pass through labor cost inflation on to clients? And if so, are there other factors as well that you might call out on inflation? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe I'll start and then Julie, if there's -- you can add in, in terms of what we're seeing with our clients. But maybe, Lisa -- maybe we'll start with inflation, and I'll take it from maybe from a wage increase perspective. So, to state the obvious wage inflation is on all our minds, it's occurring in all industries and it's across the globe, and our clients are all experiencing a tight labor market. So for us as it relates to inflation in wages, we see for our business that we will continue to have wage increases in the market for certain skills, and that varies by geographies and we expect it really to continue. So what are we doing? It's not so different from what other clients are doing. We're focused on pricing to absorb our higher labor costs. And one other thing that we pointed out, Lisa, that we were very pleased with the improved pricing that we had this quarter on our record bookings, but we have more work to do. And so as one of the things that I want to just point out that it's just going to take some time for the improved pricing to flow through our P&L, and that's going to lead to higher compensation that we see. It may even result for us in some operating margin contraction in Q2, although we expect to continue to expand margin by 10 to 30 basis points for the full year. So I mean, that's just maybe a bit of a glimpse on what it means for us, as we run our own P&L. And I'll hand it over to Julie to give some thoughts on what she's thinking and talking with our clients.
Julie Sweet: Yes, great. And so, look, we're all managing different aspects, there's wage inflation. There's -- inflation, it's obviously on products. And so -- and it varies by industry in terms of the extent of the impact. And what we really see our clients doing is, because there's a lot of uncertainty about how inflation is going to develop in 2022 is being laser-focused on cost efficiencies and growth, right, because for many industries, they can't pass on the improved pricing, or they're like us, right. It takes a while to be able to do that. And so it is helping as well, drive some of the demand for both things, helping them grow, but also do that efficiently.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. And then just for my follow-up, maybe a follow-up on Tien-tsin's question. So clearly, the level of demand you're seeing is sort of surprised even you guys have a very good handle on it all the time. So if you can just give some color around what your senses about what's happening, like what's happening out in the marketplace. You said it's very broad based across industries across geographies. And so maybe just sort of from a narrative perspective, what's your sense of what's happening differently or differently than you expected even 3 months ago in terms of -- that's driving dramatic increase in demand? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I think a big aspect of it is embracing the need for speed. And so you are continuing to see more and more companies doing the compressed transformation, the willingness to take on more at the same time and even to do that faster. And just think we have a couple of calls I had just this past week, clients that we've been working with, on some -- for some time speaking about their cloud journey, I wouldn’t call me up Monday and say, okay, we're going to pull forward Wave 2. We've got to go faster. It's harder than we thought we need to go faster. And in so there's this, as companies are kind of getting into it, they're seeing that they want to go even faster, they're also seeing the impact of those who come ahead. I was recently talking to the CEO of a company where we're doing a major cloud and data platform, and his point, so as we speak, okay, now I get it, I can only go so fast, but can you go faster, because I now see what I can really do one side replatform, right. And so, this embracing more change and speed, we do think is helping drive this demand. And we predicted the sort of -- remember, we talked about compressed transformation, that it's really only been in about a third of industries, and that it was going to continue to expand. But the point is, the first round of compressed transformation is just the first round. And as you begin to see the power of what it is to be in the cloud, the next steps of opportunities are being seen by the clients. And so I do think it's mostly around a recognition of the value of replatforming and the need for speed competitively.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you and happy holidays.
Julie Sweet: Happy holidays.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Congrats on these numbers. Happy holidays. Maybe a little bit more to follow-up on some of these top line questions. You mentioned the pipeline still remains robust after the very strong Q1 bookings. So how should we be thinking about second quarter bookings growth in both consulting and outsourcing relative to the Q1 levels?
KC McClure: Thanks, Jason, Happy Holidays to you too. We do feel good about our pipeline and -- for the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. So, but bookings can be lumpy. So there's nothing that I would project to, obviously one way or the other against Q1, Jason. But for both outsourcing and consulting, and across all of our markets and the services within those we do feel really good.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Okay, got it. Got it. So we will have to account for some of that lumpiness. And I'm wondering also, if there's been any noticeable change in average project sizes or conversion cycles of backlog into revenue. And then just anything you may want to comment on regarding updated assumptions for consulting and outsourcing revenue growth in full year fiscal '22? Thanks, again.
Julie Sweet: Sure. So there's really no change, Jason, to anything that we're seeing in duration or in conversion. I mean, it all depends on the mix of the work that we're selling. But every individual type of service there's no change within those durations or mixes. And then just in terms of what we're seeing for the full year, I'll just comment on the type of work we see. Consulting, strong double digits, even probably stronger than what we saw, obviously, at the beginning of the year. And outsourcing now, a double-digit growth.
Julie Sweet: Yes, and it's probably worth reminding what KC said earlier, right, our expectations were exceeded across all sizes. And obviously, when small deals are also over delivering that in quarter revenue, right. So it's really -- it is broad based.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, appreciate all that. Thanks, again, guys.
KC McClure: Sure.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, guys. Congrats on the results and the color that you're providing here. I just have one question. I'd like if you could comment on your newer offerings, it'd be helpful to know which of your newer offerings are showing the most uptick against this growth wave? If you could weigh the relative amount of lift that you're getting from offerings like Industry X, Cloud, Automation, et cetera, is there a certain newer offering that's getting more uptick than the others? Or is it again -- I mean maybe you can go beyond the everything is good comment and give a little more color on the specific offerings? Thanks.
KC McClure: Sure. Thanks, Rod. I'll give you a little bit more color, maybe on some of the numbers and hand it over to Julie to add anything she'd like to. But what you'll see is on Cloud, Industry X, Interactive Security, I mean they're all at scale, they're all strong or very strong double-digit growth. And so, there's really not what I would call out individually. Julie also mentioned another other list of our strategic priorities within her commentary at the beginning of the call. So I won't be redundant and go through this again. But Julie is there anything you want to add in terms of additional color?
Julie Sweet: Well, sure. I mean, so first of all, you just have to remember scale, right. So Accenture Cloud First was a $12 billion business. Our cloud business overall, is $12 billion business is down $80 billion business, right. So that's what we announced last quarter. And so when cloud is very strong, double-digit growth is obviously adding big dollars, but across each of the strategic priorities. So obviously, it would be a different scale. But, look, you have to look at the cloud, right? Because the cloud is the enabler. Think about it this, cloud is the enabler, data is the driver and then AI will be the differentiator for our clients. And so you saw many, many of the examples, really bringing these things together, right, so that you've got to get to the cloud, you got to get a handle on your data, right, and then be able to use AI. And we saw that in many of the examples that I gave in the script today. And so the first big step is, of course, replatforming in the cloud, both through migration and SaaS [ph] products. So just if you kind of have that mental model, I think it's helpful and then that goes across the organization.
Rod Bourgeois: Well explained. Thanks.
Angie Park: Next question.
Operator: And we have a question from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Good morning, and congrats on these superior results. I'd like to ask about the sustainability of the compressed digital transformation. Can you give us some proof points that you're still in the early innings of this transformation, especially in some of your largest practices like Cloud First and Interactive?
Julie Sweet: Sure. So a few things, right. So -- and we shared this last quarter that if you look at -- you have to build your digital core, right? So if you look at platforms like Oracle, SAP and they're moving to the cloud, those are all well below 50% of their installed base having moved, right? The sort of move to the cloud itself, the percentages are still around 30%-ish, maybe a little bit more in terms of workloads that have moved to the cloud, right? So if you just sort of look at kind of where are we just technically, right, you see a lot of waves. Then you look at our own research, where we talked about leaders and leapfroggers. And what we see is that about 10% on average of every company are really leaders and performing much better than the bottom 25%. But that's only still a part of their organization. They're still working on lots of compressed transformation, you've got these leapfroggers are coming from behind, that's about -- we estimate about a third are really doing compressed transformation. And those compressed transformation is wave on wave, right. Once you get to the cloud, and what do you do with the data. So, we continue to see this as really being a multiyear journey. And I will tell you that a lot of people will talk about the pandemic accelerated, years of transformation into months. That's only in thinking, right? It is really hard to re-platform, right. And then -- and it's really hard to move, get your data under control, and then be able to do that. Once you do it, it opens up so much. But there's a lot of hard work for our clients ahead, and we're privileged to get to be their partner.
David Togut: Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up, could you comment on where you are with Industry X in terms of the innings of the growth of this business? I mean, clearly, we've got huge supply chain problems currently. I mean, how long do you think supply -- the supply chain problems will last as you look around the globe?
Julie Sweet: Well, that's always -- we talk about that with our clients all the time, right? Because, look, the supply chain problems there's kind of the immediate issues, but there's the longer term issues like the ports are not, up to snuff in most of the markets around the world, right? There's fundamental shifts going on, in terms of how do you get -- how do you build resilience, which has been moving from sort of cost to resilience. And so, the work of supply chain is multi year. But I think it's important, just -- I always go back to kind of where we were. The new technologies have really only come online, some of the newer platforms like Blue Yonder Luminate or SAP. As for supply chain work in the last couple of years, right. And so they're just starting to really get the momentum and the implementation. And so I would say the digital supply chain work is very, very early innings and the same with manufacturing. That's why we call it the next frontier. It's a big focus. I mean, I think Gartner had a survey that said 93%, or 91% of directors believe it's the biggest transformation opportunity. But we're in very, very early innings still.
David Togut: Thank you. Happy holidays.
Julie Sweet: Happy holidays.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna Please go ahead.
Jamie Friedman: Hi. Good morning. Nice work here. Good way to finish the year. I was just -- oh, I don't think anyone asked about travel yet. And if they did, I apologize, if I missed it. But KC, what are you contemplating in terms of travel for fiscal '22 at this point?
KC McClure: Jamie, on travel, it's no change to the assumptions that we had at the beginning of the year. So two components to travel, revenue from reimbursable travel, we don't have that in our guidance at the beginning of the year and there's no travel revenue assumed. And if it changes, we'll let you know. And then in terms of travel, outside of contract travel to clients, we continue to have an uptick in our expenses forecasted for the back half of the year, which again continues to be difficult to accurately estimate.
Jamie Friedman: Thanks for that. And then either Julie or KC, do you have any early view on calendar '22 IT budgets for your clients? Are those -- I know you'll make your own weather a lot of time, but those rising to what degree? Is it the pace different than it was say last calendar?
KC McClure: I mean, I would just say that this is kind of when the budgets are getting finalized. So we'll have much more insight next quarter because they get finalized into January. But what we're seeing is, which is reflected in our guidance is continued strong demand.
Jamie Friedman: Got it. Thank you very much.
Angie Park: Right. Operator, we have time for one more question. And then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Of course. And that last question then comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Happy holidays. The first question I want to ask was, the surprise jump in diamond client adds? I think it was 15 in the quarter, and you did 13 all of last fiscal year. So just trying to get a sense is that something Accenture is specifically doing with the sales force to grab those larger clients? Or is that just a function of the demand environment that people are knocking down your door, even these larger clients that you would think you would already be working with you're not, and they're just continue to add to the number of diamond clients for you guys?
Julie Sweet: Yes, it's really a function of what we've been talking about, it's compressed transformation, right? It's a function of more clients taking on more change, right, because that's what builds this level of bookings. And we've been talking about that trend, really from the first 6 months after the pandemic, where we had more clients do over $100 million bookings in the first 6 months of that fiscal year. And we continue to see that building as clients recognize how much change they need to do, and that they have to go faster. So that's really what we see is the function.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Got it. And then KC, when just looking at the numbers on for the revenue growth, obviously a 27% constant currency number for the quarter. And then the guide, I think, for 2Q was above street expectations 22% to 26%. I guess, what does that imply for the back half of the year. Obviously, it would be a much different growth rate in the back half. Is that some conservatism versus just tougher comps? Can you talk about the back half for '22?
KC McClure: Sure. What that implies in the back half is very -- it's still very strong and that it's double digits across the back half of the year at the low end and the upper end of our guidance range, which implies also really strong organic growth in the back half of the year. And a continuing build of our business in the back half of the year, coming out of the first half of the year, overall.
Bryan Keane: But nothing specific to call out in terms of any weakness you see in the back half, but it's just a function of how the demand lays out?
KC McClure: Correct.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks so much, and Happy Holidays again.
KC McClure: Same to you.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, Bryan. Okay. I think that was our last question. So thank you for joining us on today's call. And thank you again to our really incredible people across the globe. And thanks to all of our shareholders for your continued trust. We work to earn it every day and we really appreciate it. So best wishes to all for a safe, healthy and joyful holiday season.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern today through March 17 at midnight. You may access to AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041, entering the access code 5745754. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. And those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847, again entering the access code 5745754. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-09-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results; KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2022. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and everyone, for joining us. Before diving into our results, thank you to our 624,000 incredibly talented people around the world, including over 8,500 managing directors. This past fiscal year, your hard work and dedication to creating value that matters for our clients was unwavering, despite the ongoing and sometimes quite extreme challenges of COVID. We've had a truly extraordinary year, as reflected in our outstanding financial results and in the 360 degree value we delivered beyond our financials. From the over 120,000 promotions and over 31 million training hours, an increase of 43% for our people, to increasing our workforce by approximately 118,000 people, creating significant employment opportunities in our communities, to achieving 46% women on our way to our goal of gender parity by 2025, to our top three ranking in the Refinitiv Global Diversity and Inclusion Index, for the fourth consecutive year. To the number one position with our largest ecosystem partners, to the exciting accomplishment of 50% renewable energy now powering our offices and centers globally, to the donation of $54 million in COVID surge relief. In December, we will publish our first ever annual 360 degree value report to more fully describe the FY'21 value we created in all directions and we’ll report against three additional key ESG frameworks: SASB, TCFD, and WEF/IBC. We believe that the trust we have from our clients and partners, our continuous innovation, and our ability to consistently attract the best people, including the 56,000 net new hires this past quarter, are directly linked to our commitment to measuring our success by how well we create this 360 degree value for all our stakeholders, clients, people, partners, shareholders, and communities, and on our culture of shared success. Here are some key financial highlights of the year, which position us strongly as we begin FY'22. FY'21 demonstrated our leadership in helping our clients achieve compressed transformation, with 72 clients with bookings greater than $100 million compared to 53 last year and 229 diamond clients, our largest client relationships compared to 216 last year. With a 20% increase in bookings to $59 billion, we have strong momentum across all dimensions of our business across geographic markets, industries, and services. Reaching revenues of $50.5 billion, a significant milestone, representing 11% growth, we added $6.2 billion in revenue this year, gaining significant market share with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion, demonstrating, yet again, our ability to grow profitably and at scale. We achieved this profitable growth while investing at a higher level than ever before, with $4.2 billion in acquisitions; $1.1 billion in R&D in assets, platforms, and industry solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to more than 8,200; and total training investment of $900 million. And according to BrandZ, our brand value increased 56% to over $64 billion, ranking us number 27 on the prestigious BrandZ's Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands list. Finally, I want to highlight cloud and our ability to move with agility to serve our clients' needs and capture momentum in the market. At the beginning of FY'21, after investing in cloud for a decade, we saw that the pandemic would dramatically accelerate our clients' move to the cloud. More than technology, the move to the cloud would be about the adoption of a new operating system for future enterprise, a dynamic continuum of capabilities from public to edge to everything in between, opening up radically new ways for companies to work, compete, and drive value. Just over one year ago, we created Accenture Cloud First to capitalize on this momentum, bringing together all of our capabilities from migration to cloud-native development, data AI, industry talent, and change. Accenture Cloud First was the biggest driver of our overall cloud business growth from $12 billion to $18 billion, a 44% increase. KC, over to you.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which completes an outstanding year for Accenture and reflect broad-based momentum across all dimensions of our business. Once again, our results reflect our relentless focus to deliver across our three key imperatives for driving superior stakeholder value. So, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenue growth of 21% in local currency, at the top end of our guided range, reflects double-digit growth across all markets, all industry groups, and all services. We also continue to extend our leadership position at an accelerated pace, with growth significantly above the market. Operating margin was 14.6%, an increase of 30 basis points for the quarter, reflecting 40 basis points of expansion for the full-year. We delivered this expansion while investing significantly in our business and in our people to position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.20, which represents 29% growth, compared to adjusted EPS last year. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $2.2 billion, which was driven by continued strong growth and profitability. Now, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $15 billion for the quarter, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.1 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represent 7% growth in U.S. dollars, with 18 clients with bookings over $100 million. We were also pleased with the strength of bookings across all services, with a book-to-bill of 1 in strategy and consulting, 1.2 in technology services, and 1.1 in operations. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $13.4 billion, a 24% increase in U.S. dollars and 21% in local currency, slightly above our FX-adjusted range as the FX tailwind was 3% compared to the 4% estimated last quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $7.3 billion, up 29% in U.S. dollars and 25% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6.1 billion, up 19% in U.S. dollars, and 16% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, strategy and consulting, technology services, and operations, all grew very strong double digits. Turning to our geographic markets, in North America, revenue was 22% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, software and platforms, and public service. In Europe, revenues grew 18% in local currency, led by double-digit growth in consumer goods retail and travel services, industrial, and banking and capital markets. Looking closer at the countries, Europe was driven by double-digit growth in the U.K., Germany, France, and Italy. In growth markets, we delivered 21% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail, and travel services, banking and capital markets, and high-tech. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double-digit growth in Japan, Australia, and Brazil. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 33.3%, compared with 31.8% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.3%, compared with 10.6% for the fourth quarter, last year. General administrative expense was 7.4%, compared to 6.8% for the same quarter last year. Our operating income was $2 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.6% operating margin, up 30 basis points compared with Q4, last year. As a reminder, in Q4, last year, we recorded an investment gain that impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.29 for the quarter. The following comparisons exclude this impact, and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 28.4% for the fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.20 compared with adjusted EPS of $1.70 in the fourth quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 38 days compared to 36 days last quarter and 35 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.4 billion net of property and equipment additions of $236 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $8.2 billion, compared with $8.4 billion at August 31 last year with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3 million shares for $915 million at an average price of $305.61 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividends of $0.88 per share, for total of $558 million and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.97 per share to be paid on November 15, a 10% increase over last year and approved $3 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Now, I would like to take a moment to summarize our outstanding year. We're extremely pleased with the performance of our business in fiscal year '21, greatly exceeding all aspects of our original outlook that we provided last September, we delivered $59 billion in new bookings, a 20% increase in U.S. dollars over last year, which positions us well as we begin fiscal year '22. Revenues increased a record $6.2 billion, hitting the $50 billion mark, reflecting growth of 11% in local currency for the full-year. This result which is more than double the revenue growth we anticipated at the beginning of the year showcases our agility and ability to quickly scale to deliver value and outcomes for our clients. Operating margin of 15.1% reflected a 40 basis point expansion over fiscal year '20 above the top-end of our original guided range, even after making continued significant investments in our business and our people. Adjusted earnings per share were $8.80, reflecting 80% growth over adjusted FY'20 EPS and was well above our revenue growth. As a reminder, we adjusted earnings in both years to exclude gains on an investment. Free cash flow of $8.4 billion was significantly above our original guided range, reflecting a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.5 driven by strong profitability. And finally, we significantly exceeded our original guidance for capital allocation by returning $5.9 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing roughly $4.2 billion across 46 acquisitions to acquire critical skills and capabilities in strategic high growth areas of the market. So, again, FY'21 was truly an outstanding year. Momentum continues into fiscal '22 and we're laser focused on capturing the market opportunities, coupled with a disciplined execution that you and we expect of us. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thanks, KC. Turning to the demand environment, compressed transformation underpinned by cloud and digital continues to drive strong double-digit growth across our business, including for Applied Intelligence, cloud, Industry X, Intelligent operations, Interactive, Intelligent platform services, security and transformational change management. Technology is the single biggest driver of change in companies today and the depth, breadth and scale of our technology capabilities across our services is unmatched. We see the demand environment shaping up for FY'22 to be more of the same while digital leaders seeking to widen their competitive advantage, and companies seeking to leapfrog their cloud and digital transformation are driving momentum in our business, the vast majority of companies are early in their transformation. And whether digital leader, leapfrogger, laggard or in between all face multi-year journeys ahead of them because the re-platforming in the cloud and use of new technologies across the enterprise is a once in a digital era profound transformation. Simultaneously, we have ongoing exponential technology change that is accelerating and will create new opportunities, disruptions and change for our clients. In addition, growth in parts of our business are by their very nature continuously evolving. For example, interactive, now a $12.5 billion business growing 15% continue to set a new standard for customer experience, connection, sales, and marketing at the intersection of data, creativity and technology, and is tied to the ever-changing needs and preferences of B2C and B2B customers. Similarly, security, now a $4.4 billion business growing 29% is driven by needs related to an ever expanding digital threat landscape. And with our managed services is providing much needed protection and talent to our clients. Our clients value the depth and breadth of our services for the entire enterprise across strategy and consulting, interactive technology and operations and industry and functional expertise across 13 industries. Plus the ability to deliver tangible outcomes as well as our strong track record of investing ahead of our clients to anticipate their needs and drive our next ways of growth such as our early moves in digital cloud and security. There remain entire parts of the enterprise. So, which digitization and the move to the cloud has only just begun. In particular, both the things companies make and the way they make things are being dramatically changed by technology. And that is the focus of our Industry X business, which we believe is the next big digital frontier. In fact, a 2021 Gartner survey, a Board of Directors indicates that 93% expect that the number one business priority that will see transformational improvement from digital technology is manufacturing, distribution, and supply chain. We have invested for nearly a decade in Industry X and are now at approximately $5 billion in revenue growing 36%. We look forward to welcoming the 4,200 industry leading engineers and consultants of Umlaut when the acquisition closes in October. Similarly, sustainability is a critical area for which technology is still evolving. We believe that every business must be a sustainable business, and yet companies are at very early stages of figuring out how to make this shift. Last year, building on years of investment and experience, we've launched our sustainability services under our new Chief Responsibility Officer and Global Sustainability Services Lead. We have continued to accelerate our focus in this expanding and changing market, and are proud of the work we are doing with leading partners like MasterCard, as we enhance its ability to track and analyze the carbon emissions of their suppliers and help de-carbonize the U.K. energy system with clients such as National Grid. We do see a shift in the nature of the demand for our managed services across IT, security and operations with these services emerging as one of our most strategic differentiators as companies simultaneously seek greater resilience, face a war for talent, the need to rapidly digitize and cost pressures, strategic managed services are increasingly a C-suite priority with Accenture as a trusted partner of choice, and increasingly integrated as part of their talent strategy. Table stakes from managed services are efficiency, resiliency, and reliability. We further differentiate in our managed services because they are uniquely informed by our strong strategy and consulting capabilities and deep industry and functional expertise. And they benefit from our strong level of investment for digital platforms like SynOps and myWizard and the seamless integration with our ecosystem partners, as well as due to the incredible pool of talented people our clients can access quickly when partnering with us. For example, we are partnering with Olympus, a leading manufacturer of optical and digital precision technology to help them drive their transformation to become a global medical technology company. As part of this partnership, we have acquired their Japanese IT subsidiary company, which we will transform to deliver significant IT cost savings to Olympus, as well as up-skill their people, combining their knowledge with our talent and technology to lead Olympus's digital transformation. And let me bring to life some more the demand we are seeing. All of these examples bring together the diverse capabilities across Accenture to create tangible value. We are a leader in cloud, because we're able to serve our clients across the cloud continuum and create business value. We are partnering with Kubota, a Japanese multi-national company, providing solutions leveraging a diverse range of products, technologies and services in the fields of food, water and the environment. To accelerate Kubota's digital transformation by creating solutions that will enhance the productivity and safety of food, promote circularity of water resources and waste and improve urban and living environments. We will help create innovative sustainability solutions and a platform applying leading edge digital technologies, including AI and IoT. Diverse data held across the group will be centralized for easy maintenance and use. We're also modernizing replacing our migrating legacy applications to the cloud and strengthening their global computer security incident response team. We are partnering with Jbal, a US-based global manufacturing services company to further enhance their IT infrastructure capabilities through providing infrastructure managed services for digital workplace, network, cloud and data center support. We're helping Senya a finish insurer offering casualty motor and health and accident services to implement a cloud-based policy administration system to improve customer service using data and automation to make sales, claims, payments and policy management processes more user friendly. This will allow the company to quickly respond to changing market and customer demands and meet its goal of providing the best customer experience in the industry. Compressed transformation is occurring across industries. We're partnering with Unilever, one of the world's largest consumer goods companies in their digital transformation. Together, we are setting a new industry standard by reinventing technology delivery with cutting edge automation, delivering cloud migration at scale, the largest ERP migration to the cloud and the industry and shifting to technology solutions that support their growth strategy. With McCormick a global leader in flavor in the food industry, where we're partnering on a strategic transformation program encompassing finance, supply chain logistics and plant maintenance. The new cloud-based platform an innovative data driven approach will help standardize processes, increase efficiencies, and support their goal of doubling in size quickly. We're helping a European financial institution, build the bank of the future and helping them become a next level innovator. One that is leveraging technology and sustainability to transform multiple parts of their business, drive hyper personalized customer experience, and create new lines of business like wealth management and insurance, which is expected to triple digital sales by 2023 and improve their already stellar cost to income ratio. At the same time, we're helping them deliver on their ESG initiatives, including inclusive financing, green software and carbon data free data centers. At Accenture, we're enabling new experience in growth and cost transformation across the enterprise and across industries. And a key enabler to these innovative scaled services is the power of our operations capabilities. We are helping Open Fiber an Italian telecommunications company design and orchestrate construction of an ultra-broadband network, which will deliver fiber to 20 million households across Italy. Digitization and automation will help the construction site to proceed faster and more efficiently. With Interactive, we're helping MediaMarktSaturn Retail Group, Europe's leading consumer electronics retailer transform their digital content capabilities with a state of the art marketing operations. Automation and data insights enabled by synapse will help deliver more engaging and personalized content, while driving millions and savings. Our industry expertise continues to be a core competitive advantage, allowing us to breathe deep industry and cross industry knowledge enterprise wide for our clients. I want to recognize in particular, our software and platform industry, which is approximately $4 billion in revenue. In Q4 this group celebrated 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, serving as a leading partner to our clients in this hyper growth industry. KC, back to you.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter fiscal '22, we expect revenues to be in the range of $13.9 billion to $14.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 0.5%, compared to the first quarter of fiscal '21, and reflects an estimated 18% to 22% growth of currency. For the full fiscal year '22, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results, in U.S. dollars, will be approximately negative 0.5% compared to fiscal '21. For the full fiscal '22, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 12% to 15% growth in local currency over fiscal '21, which includes an inorganic contribution of about 5% as we continue to expect to invest about $4 billion in acquisitions. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '22 to be 15.2% to 15.4%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '21 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1% in fiscal '21. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal '22 to be in the range of $9.90 to $10.18 or 13% to 16% growth over adjusted fiscal '21 results. For the full fiscal '22, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.2 billion to $8.7 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $700 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $7.5 billion to $8 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at last $6.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie.
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you please provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] And today, let’s see our first question comes from the line of Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi, many thanks for letting me the opportunity to ask a question. I had two, if I could. Outstanding set of results and guidance, first of all. I wanted to ask about the cash flow, if I could, guidance. And even at the high end of the range, the cash flow margin would be a pretty significant step down from fiscal '20 and fiscal '21. So, I just wondered, is there any puts and takes within the cash flow guidance that we should be aware of as we're doing our model? Thank you. And I have a quick follow-up to that.
KC McClure: Sure, it's great, thanks. Nice to hear from you, Keith. Yes, so our free cash flow of $7.5 billion to $8 billion, it reflects very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And so, we're really pleased with that. And it does have slightly higher CapEx expense of $700 million. So, that's one slight difference from over '21. We did have exceptionally strong free cash flow in fiscal year '21 at 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio, and that is just exceptional performance. It's not unusual for us to have free cash flow guidance at the beginning of the year, that is a decrease over what we've done in the previous years. And then lastly, we do allow for a slight uptick in DSO in our guidance for next year, which would still be very industry-leading DSO performance.
Keith Bachman: Okay, excellent. And then Julie, maybe just for you, I think you mentioned, this year, you did 46 M&A deals. And you mentioned in the guidance comments that there's quite a bit of M&A, I think, $4 billion in M&A contemplated for this coming fiscal year. How do you think about the integration risk? Accenture has, I would argue, a very special culture. And you're brining in a lot of new people over the course of the last 12 months, and the forward next 12 months. How do you think about the risk of assimilation of these deals? And how do you manage this process? You have a very good track record over the last 10 years, but there is a lot of M&A on the table that you're bringing in the company. I’m just wondering if you could speak to how you think about the risk associated with that to make sure the business keeps moving forward?
Julie Sweet: Sure. So great question, and thanks, Keith. So, first of all, as you indicated, we've got a really strong track record. And so, this step up in acquisition comes based on years of experience, including and fine-tuning integration, so that's number one. Secondly, our acquisitions happen globally. And then as I've talked about this year, they're pretty evenly balanced. And why it is that important? When we switched to our model earlier this year of a geographic-focused model from a P&L perspective, one of the reasons is to allow us as well to be super close to our people. And most of these acquisitions are not global, right? Some are like an umlaut, but like for example, Project Novetta, in the federal business, very local. And the vast majority are in one or two markets. Like there -- and so, the integration, it's not like you have this enormous company that's trying to integrate lots of people all over the globe at the same time. We have senior leaders accountable for the acquisitions. And so, we really get the right balance. And we have our own -- and so, for example, when we look at this, we look at market-by-market how many acquisitions are we doing in this market, so how does that enable us to make sure that we can spend the time? So, this is a finely tuned approach for integration. And of course, we bring on people in acquisition or not all the time. And so, this focus on culture is just part of who we are.
Keith Bachman: Okay, excellent. Thank you, Julie.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Thinking about the $50 billion revenue milestone, which is pretty amazing. Julie, as you're mapping out the path to $60 billion over the next few years, can you talk about where you see the major sources of incremental revenue looking out from here forward? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well, thanks, Lisa, nice to talk to you. So, first of all, and I talked a little bit about this in the script. We are still very early in the transformation of companies in building just their digital core. So, for example, if you look at something like SAP, their stats that they could point out, you sort of have less than 20% of companies who've actually both bought and begun implementing S/4HANA, right? And we see the move to the cloud. You've got sort of maybe today, roughly 25% to 30% of workload. So, there's a lot of work, which is a multiyear journey in actually building the digital core, and then at the same time transforming the way they work. And there -- so, we've got multiyear ahead. And even when you look at who is doing compressed transformation, you have this core of leaders and leapfrogger. But the vast majority of companies are not yet engaged in compressed transformation. So, just from a multiyear outlook on the fundamentals of re-platforminig and moving to a true digital-enabled enterprise is still in early stages. Then you add on top of that, there are whole parts of the enterprise where even the technologies are really new. And so Industry X is a great example of that. We see that as the next digital frontier, and we're still very, very early. And so, that will be kind of its own wave as we look forward. And then areas like sustainability, again, technology is early. Every industry has to find its way on sustainability. And so, as we think about our own growth strategy, it starts with what our clients need. So, we continue to diversify the parts of the enterprise that we're serving. And that enables -- that's what our clients need, and that enables the next wave of growth for us. And we continue to innovate and anticipate, like in sustainability, what our clients need. And so, when you kind of take his, you see, both from serving the enterprise, the maturity of that. And then on add on top of that that there are areas that are evergreen, like interactive, it's all about client, the growth agenda, it's always going to change. Manufacturing will be the same. Security grows as the digital landscape grows. So, hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how we're thinking about, both our next ways of growth and just the resiliency of the diversity of what we do.
Lisa Ellis: Yes, terrific. My follow-up was actually on managed services, which you called out in the prepared remarks. Not really used to thinking about Accenture doing managed services. Can you just elaborate a bit on that? Is this primarily actually infrastructure-related managed services or apps or just maybe a little bit more detail on what exactly you're doing in Accenture's differentiation there? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: So just think if we have consulting and outsourcing, right, so managed services is just another term for outsourcing. And so, if you think about our operations business, which is now about $8 billion, right? So, all the managed services we provide, everything from finance and accounting to industry specific, like we called out in the script, the stuff we're doing in telecom, we're doing things in insurance, in both health and P&C, so we have industry specific, we have marketing services through that. Then of course, there's our powerful IT services, we've been doing outsourcing for years, right, term application outsourcing is an industry term. And then, we have our managed services and security, we bought Symantec last year. And so, this is a core part when you think about our revenue between consulting and outsourcing. And the point that's happening now is that we've already done this, but what we're seeing is, I just had a call with the CEO the other day, who's like he started a call with like, Julie, I'm really having a hard time hiring people in digital, right? And how are you seeing companies help and we talked about how, by strategically outsourcing like in security, in marketing, you can access the digital talent, and it becomes part of their own talent strategy to address the work for talent, while at the same time, digitizing faster, I have another client who said look, you had 50 things that my IT department was about to build in order for us to automate and transform and I get it through your SynOps platform, the same as to on the IT and infrastructure side. And, of course, infrastructure managed services in the cloud growing area as well from the move to the cloud. So, I think the shift we were calling out is just how strategic this is, at a time of compress transformation, because it's meeting the needs of the war on talent, and the need to digitize and the need to move fast at the same time.
Lisa Ellis: Great, thank you. Thanks a lot and congrats.
Julie Sweet: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. First, got a question on bookings, can you talk about the dynamic in 4Q, it looks like outsourcing did tick down for the first time in a while year-over-year. So, just anything to call up there, and then just generally, how do you see the pipeline developing as you think about fiscal '22 bookings levels?
KC McClure: Yes, thanks, Bryan. So, there's nothing really to point out in terms of Q4 bookings with outsourcing, they can just be a little bit lumpy. But it was very strong performance. But let me just maybe talk a little bit about overall bookings as we head into '22, we do feel really good about the momentum in our business. And as Julie went through, we had 72 clients with bookings over $100 million this year. And you can see that then helping us as we head into FY'22, Bryan with 18% to 22% that we have in Q1. And you also see that in our 12% to 15% revenue range that we have for fiscal '22. I think it's important to also note that, it does include about 5% in organic contribution, but it's at the top end of our revenue range, again driven by bookings, it's going to represent about 10% organic growth at the upper end. And while we do benefit from an easier compare in the first-half, it does continue to imply strong organic growth in the second-half. And if you look at why is that, when you peel back bookings, again pleased with the $15 billion that we had in Q4, strong book-to-bill is 1.1, it is $60 billion for the whole year with double-digit growth in consulting. And I think it's important also net consulting bookings, we had $8 billion for the last three quarters, which is terrific. In outsourcing, which for the entire year have had a very strong book-to-bill of 1.2 in all three markets and services. And when you peel it back, there's really three things again, just peeling back bookings for you, there's three things that I would also note, one is that yes, we did have a lot of larger bookings that help us for -- position us well for the future throughout FY'22, but we had a nice mix all the way through to the smaller deals which benefit near-term revenue. The second thing is that the bookings were very broad-based across all of our services, and that includes strategy and consulting, which is really good as well. And lastly, they're aligned as Julie talked quite a bit about our strategic priorities cloud, Industry X and security for example.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you. A follow-up here then on attrition, can you just give us a sense of what you're anticipating for attrition levels backward into '22, and any added measures you're taking to try and drive that 19% down?
KC McClure: Yes. So, let me just maybe talk a little bit about the numbers, and Julie can give some other color here, but our managed attrition 90% Bryan was really the fourth quarter was in the zone that we expected. And it's 14% for the year, and we've been at 19% before. It's obviously a very hot market right now, but when you peel it back, it continues to be more in the lower part of the pyramid, and it's largely concentrated in India where we really don't have any issues in hiring.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And I think that's important because you look at a headline number, and then you'd have to really kind of understand whereas the attrition, and at the same time, as you might imagine, we're always very focused on making sure that we're attractive. So, we're very pleased at our executive retention is going very well. I think we are very much focused on our employee value proposition. And when you think about the actions you've taken like a record number of 120,000 promotions, the training that we're providing people that's really valued. And then, frankly, things like the way that we have approached vaccines, right? So we've now vaccinated 85,000 of our people in their families directly in addition to what we're supporting through like in the U.S. through our carriers. And as I talked a little bit about in the script, what we find is people really care about the fact that they are working for a company that focuses on financials and all of the other -- what we call 360 degree values. So, what we're doing in sustainability, being a leader that we're going to be carbon emission by 2025 really matters. And so, we continue to look at how can we help our people be net better off succeed personally and professionally, and be proud of a company that not only creates value, but leads with values.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. Wanted to ask a couple of quick questions that are follow up on the hiring your pace of hiring and net has been quite stunning, at least over the last couple of quarters. Can you talk about a little more detail in terms of how you're finding the hiring environment, particularly for newer skill sets, and I guess, do you think you need to kind of sustain the recent pace of hiring going forward? And I guess my second question, I'll just throw it in at the same time as back to V&A, you talked about kind of the inorganic contribution and integration, but is this kind of the recent pace that we've seen? Is this also something that you expect to need to sustain and want to sustain on a go-forward basis on whether in terms of number of deals or amount that you're spending, et cetera? Thanks a lot.
Julie Sweet: Okay. Thanks. I will cover the head count. So, I would just first start with in this market with a war for talent, we're very pleased with the 56,000 net additional people that we hired in Q4, as we see strong momentum, really continuing in FY'22, and you see that again in our growth rates for the first quarter, we're off to a strong start at 18% to 22% in Q1, and the full-year at the top end at 15%. And we were able to accelerate some of our hiring, and we plan to continue to do so in quarter one, in order to have the talented people that we need to match demand in the market. And so, that's to your first question on hiring. To your second question on V&A, I won't guide longer term, and to the amount of spend that we're going to do past '22 in V&A. It remains an important part of our strategy on a go-forward basis.
KC McClure: Yes. And I think it's just to remember taking a step back, on two things. One is on the people side, we made a deliberate decision to accelerate hiring this quarter and next quarter, which given as you said, the environment and our ability to attract people we think makes sense so that we're not -- we're not worried about being constrained with respect to people. And we're able to do that. And I think that's a huge differentiator for us. And secondly, and we made a decision last year, and we've made a decision this year in V&A to really invest and take advantage of our ability to invest to serve our clients. And when I got clients, one of the things that we talk about is, and clients really value is that when they're partnering with us, they're partnering not just for the capabilities we have today, but because we have a track record of investing year in and year out and creating and anticipating their needs. And we point to the kinds of acquisitions like in Umlaut, like in Nevada, like Infinity Works in cloud, that we're doing it in markets all around the world to benefit them. And so, we believe this is really setting us up last year and this year, right for this next ways of growth. And it's truly differentiating in the eyes of our clients.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Julie. Hi, KC, Angie, congratulations on the results and outlook. First question is, it seems clear, we're in a very exciting time here for IT services. I've had this view for some time now that the acceleration of demand that you're seeing is sustainable for several years. And I don't mean to imply that getting revenue growth is easy. But if you have to worry less about revenue growth, given the investments you've already made. Do you have the opportunity to change your financial model as accelerated to get higher gross margins, better G&A leverage? Thoughts on moving to a more non-linear model with solutions may be especially important given the 620,000 people?
Julie Sweet: Yes, I'll start with that. I think, Ashwin, our financial model really remains the same in terms of three key imperatives that we have to go through each year, which is grow faster than the market take share, modest margin expansion while investing at scale and our business and our people. So, in the last part, maybe just talk about op margin. So, we are very proud of the 10% to 30%, that we have this year. That does imply obviously, that we will continue to get efficiencies in how we run our business, both in terms of how we deliver to our clients, as well as within the SG&A and how we run our own organization.
KC McClure: Yes, maybe just set a couple of points. I'm glad to acknowledge that revenue growth is not easy. So, thank you for that. But we're just taking a step back to just to make sure, because I think over the last decade you've seen a real shift in the professional services industry. The nature of the exponential technology change and the need to help clients move faster, and do so more efficiently has meant that you need to be able to invest significantly. So, as we think about moving forward, like the investments we've done to build, SynOps like to and continue to evolve it to build industry solutions as you mentioned, require us to continuously innovate, invest. You saw that in our IP patent portfolio. And so, what I would say is, it's not that you sort of say, here's the revenue, and then can you just fundamentally ship because there is significant cost. Having all aspects of our business grow like this is not simply, because there's demand. It's the solutions we're bringing them. And as I've talked about in prior earnings call, it isn't linear today even, because we've automated so much of what we do when you look at something like our operations business, you look at my wizard, and we continue to do so. And that's really part of the business now. And so, I think it's important to kind of understand what's helping drive the demand for our services. The way we're gaining market share is not simply because there's a lot of demand in the market, but the solutions we're bringing. And this is our big differentiator, because we can go all the way from strategy to operations right? All of the examples we're giving involve multiple assets or services and you can't just build that overnight either, right? So, the fact that we're becoming integrated in talent strategy in our outsourcing and we also call managed services is about being trusted. And the fact that we could deliver during the pandemic and be a trusted partner puts us in a very different place than others who might be trying to build these capabilities.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, got it. Thank you for that. And then the other question is over the last 18 months, your revenue growth has absorbed the negative impact of less P&E. Is that coming back, do you have updated thoughts on back to office, what's the assumption for that in your outlook?
Julie Sweet: So, I'll let KC answer specifically, but I will say that if any of us can actually predict, how we're going to go to the office, I'd like to meet that person. It is good to say, it's been a humbling experience, right? How many times have we all gotten ready to go back and I don't know about you, but like five different things that we're going to be in person the next two months, I've just turned back to Zoom or Teams. So, it's been an interesting time the new normal but KC, why don't you take us through just to see assumptions we're using?
KC McClure: Yes, so Ashwin, just I'll first start with revenue, our revenue guidance the 12 to 15, it does not include any specific up tick from reimbursable travel, and if that assumption changes will reflect that in our updated guidance. And as Julie said, just in terms of increases to travel assumed in our overall P&L for '22, it is difficult to predict, but we do have an increased build into particularly in the back half of the year for some travel costs.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you for that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I wanted to start just with the visibility question. The reason I asked is obviously your cost of currency revenue growth here in Q4 was quite robust. So, it wasn't really above the top end of your guidance, whereas in recent quarters, you had been handily exceeding the top end of your expectation. So, I'm just wondering, is this simply because your visibility has improved, so you've gotten more comfortable, you don't necessarily need to put extra cushion into the guidance or did some bookings not ramp as fast as expected in the quarter and then just a related question for fiscal '22 as you set the initial outlook for this year, any change in approach versus this time last year again perhaps because your visibility has improved? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes, I will answer both questions in really the same way, which is for the fourth quarter, we were slightly above our FX adjusted guided range, but we always try to aim to be in the top quadrant, top part of our guided range. And really just this year, it's been a story of an unprecedented ramp. So, we're really pleased that we were able to kind of nail down where we thought we would end up the quarter. And it's the same thing really for '22, it's not any change in visibility, it's not any change in the way we're doing things. We always call it as we see it, these are our best estimates. And with the 12 and 15 all parts, all points are in possibility. That's why they're in the range, but we continue like we always do to aim for the top quadrant in top part of the range, no change.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Okay, good to know. And just a follow-up, what are your expectations for book-to-bill, in consulting and overall for the first quarter and for the full fiscal year? And then just what you're thinking about for consulting versus outsourcing revenue growth this year? Thanks, guys. Congrats.
KC McClure: Yes, thank you. Yes, so we feel good about our pipeline as we head into the fiscal year, I would say, I will just comment on Q1 bookings, we do feel really good about where we are, historically, we do see some seasonality in Q1 and large deals can make things lumpy, but we feel really good about our positioning for the first quarter. And in terms of revenue growth, I'll just say that for quarter one, we see consulting continuing in strong double-digits and outsourcing in the double-digit range.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, got it.
Angie Park: Great, operator, we have time.
KC McClure: Yes, for the full-year, I mean consulting should continue to be strong double-digits and outsourcing depending on where we landed, the range will be high single to low double-digits.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Angie Park: Great, thanks. Operator, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Of course, and that last question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you so much. Really impressive growth at scale here, I wanted to ask on Industry X, it was $5 billion in revenues, so it's up 36% I wrote down, so I think Julie said it's the next frontier here. Does this have potential to be as big as cloud? I'm just trying to think about the sizing of Industry X recognizing it's early, but also its importance?
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean I think we're not really sizing that today. I mean, if we think about cloud as the entire enterprise, so sort of hard to sort of do that. What we'd say is, this will be I mean, we're already at $5 billion and we consider it the next digital frontier and it's super early, right, some technologies have just really been coming online in the last year or two that are cloud based. And when you look at like what we're doing for example, like Vivienne Westwood, one of the largest independent global fashion companies, we're doing a new PLM solution for them. We're doing so for Ahlstrom, Ahlstrom a ultimate global leader in transportation where you doing the same in a power company so that the range of what we're doing I mean is both broad based in terms of industry. And so, we do think of this as really a big growth driver for the future, but not sizing it today.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, no worries. Just thought it was interesting, because the scope of it can be quite large. Just my quick follow-up, I know you had you feel a lot of questions on acquisitions, already. Digital assets are being valued pretty highly here across the board. Looks like you're still implying a reasonable revenue multiple with your inorganic contribution, have you seen any changes on the valuation side? I know, you're still a destination for many companies, but just curious the valuations have changed in any way you're thinking?
Julie Sweet: KC, do you want to answer that?
KC McClure: You know, clearly, valuations, we participate in the overall market, you've seen what valuations have done in the overall market, but I would just say that, we have pretty high hurdle rates in terms of what we expect from our business cases. And we track that very closely, as you would expect of us. And we're very pleased with our ongoing performance of our portfolio against the hurdle rates that we put forth in this business cases.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes, it's impressive. Thank you both.
KC McClure: Okay, thank you.
Julie Sweet: All right, well now it's time to wrap up. In closing, I want to thank all of our people and our Managing Directors for what you all do every day, our people at actions and results in FY'21 has really put us in a terrific position as we go into FY'22 to create even more value ahead. And I know I and the entire leadership team are super excited and confident about what's to come. And I'll simply end by thanking all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well everyone. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10 A.M. Eastern today through December 16. You may access AT&T Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-866-207-1041, entering the access code 6704907. International participants may dial 402-970-0847 and those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 again entering the access code 6704907. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-06-24 08:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Julie Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings.  These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet : Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. We had another outstanding quarter reflecting our laser focus on creating 360 degree client value and the importance of our scale, experience, industry knowledge and trust to the world's leading companies and governments as they continue to digitally transform their enterprises.  We had a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million and a total of $15.4 billion in bookings. We delivered 16% revenue growth in local currency, 3% above the top of our guided range with outstanding profitability and free cash flow. We estimate that we continue to take significant market share.  Our growth was broad based across geographic markets and industries with 11 out of 13 industries growing double digits this quarter and reflects our ability to bring together our unmatched breadth of services from strategy and consulting to interactive technology and operations to create the solutions which achieve the value and speed that makes a difference to our clients. We continue to meet our clients’ strong demand adding a net 32,000 talented people this quarter alone. We offer an employee value proposition that allows us to attract top talent, develop our people with world class training and provide them with vibrant career paths. We are pleased with our record 117,000 promotions year-to-date, including almost 1,200 promotions to Managing Director, and while delivering these results we have raised the bar again in terms of investment.  We now expect to invest about $4 billion in strategic acquisitions this fiscal year with 39 acquisitions closed or announced year-to-date. This includes announcing this quarter, two acquisitions with purchase prices over $1 billion each. The acquisition by Accenture Federal Services of Novetta in the U.S., an advanced analytics company which we expect to close in August, and with Umlaut, a world class engineering services company headquartered in Germany, which we expect to close in Q1. These 39 acquisitions are well balanced with 10 in North America, 17 in Europe, and 12 in growth markets.  Our level of investment demonstrates as well how scale, experience and trust matters. Scale, in terms of our financial capacity; experience, in terms of our track record of the successful integration of approximately 200 companies since 2013, and the trust we have earned in the market that attracts leading companies to want to join the Accenture family. We invest in acquisitions to scale in areas where we see a big market opportunity, to add skills and new capabilities and to further deepen our industry and functional expertise, all to drive continued innovation and the next waves of growth.  Finally, because we believe strongly in our commitment to share its success with our communities, we recently announced that we would donate $100 for every one of our zen 540,000 employees or $54 million to urgently address the needs of our communities due to pandemic, including $25 million for India.  KC, over to you. 
KC McClure : Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. As you heard in Julie’s comments, we are extremely pleased with our results in the third quarter, which continue to reflect very strong momentum across all dimensions of our business. Based on the strength of our third quarter results, and the confidence we have in our fourth quarter to continue to expand our market leadership position, we are increasing our full year outlook which I will cover in more detail later in the call.  Before I get into the details, let me summarize the major headlines of our third quarter results, which reflect continued superior execution against our three financial imperatives.  Revenue increased nearly $2.3 billion, reflecting growth of 16% in local currency. Results were approximately $300 million above the top end of our guided range, driven by broad based over performance across the business with double digit growth in all three markets, four of five industry groups and in technology services and operations.  As we expected, both strategy and consulting and the resources industry group returned to grow. These results demonstrate the power of our business model and our unique ability to seamlessly integrate our services at scale. We estimate that our growth continues to significantly outpace the market.  Operating margin was 16%, an increase of 40 basis points for the quarter. Importantly, we no longer have the margin expansion tailwind from lower travel as we anniversary the benefit of the compare this quarter. We continue to absorb significant investments in our people and our business as we are always focused on positioning our business for the future, and we delivered very strong EPS of $2.40, up 26% over fiscal ‘20.  Finally, we delivered strong free cash flow of $2.2 billion in the quarter and $6.2 billion year-to-date while also continuing all elements of our capital allocation program, including returning roughly $1.4 billion to shareholders this quarter via dividends and share repurchases. We've made investments of $1.5 billion in acquisitions through Q3 and we now expect to invest about $4 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year, which does not include the Umlaut acquisition which we anticipate to close in FY’22.  I want to take a moment to highlight that as you can see from our results and guidance this year, we are able to step up our acquisition spend and continue to expand operating margin. And while I won't comment on the specifics of FY ‘22 until September, based on our current line of sight, you should think of next year's inorganic contribution in the range of 4% and we expect margin – modest margin expansion as we continue to run our business with rigor and discipline.  With that, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $15.4 billion for the quarter, with a very strong book-to-bill of 1.2. Consulting bookings were $8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $7.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2.  We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represent 39% growth in U.S. dollars and reflect a record 20 clients with bookings over $100 million. Each service dimension; strategy and consulting, technology services and operations delivered double digit bookings growth in local currency.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $13.3 billion, a 21% increase in U.S. dollars and a 16% increase in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $7.3 billion, up 21% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $6 billion, up 20% U.S. dollars and up 16% in local currency.  Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, operations grew very strong double digit, technology services grew strong double digits, and strategy and consulting grew high single digits.  Turning to our geographic markets, in North America revenue growth was 18% local currency, driven by double digit growth in public service, software and platforms and consumer goods, retail and travel services. In Europe, revenues grew 14% local currency. We saw double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services and industrial, and high single digit growth in banking and capital markets.  Looking closer at the countries, Europe was driven by double digit growth in the U.K., Italy and Germany. In growth markets we delivered 15% revenue growth in local currency, led by double digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services, banking and capital markets and public service. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by double digit growth in Japan and Brazil.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 33.2% compared with 32.1% for the same period last year. Sales and market expense for the quarter was 10.6% compared with 10.2% for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense is 6.6% compared to 6.3% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $2.1 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 16% operating margin, up 40 basis points compared with Q3 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.5% for the third quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $2.40 compared to EPS of $1.90 in the third quarter last year. Day Service Outstanding were 36 days compared to 34 days last quarter and 41 days in the third quarter of last year.  Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.4 billion, net of property and equipment editions of $158 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $10 billion, compared with $8.4 billion at August 31.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3 million shares for $835 million at an average purchase price of $276.98 per share. As of May 31 we had approximately $4.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May, we paid a quarterly cash dividend $0.88 per share for a total of $559 million. This represents a 10% increase over last year, and our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on August 13, also a 10% increase over last year.  So in summary, we are extremely pleased with our results to-date, and are now focused on Q4 and closing out a very strong year. Now, let me turn it back to Julie. 
Julie Sweet : Thanks KC. I’ll start with the environment. The dynamics in the market we are seeing are not only of recovery from the lower spending pattern at the onset of the pandemic, but a more sustained growth in demand as companies race to modernize and accelerate their digital initiatives with compressed transformation.  Pre-COVID our research showed a digital achievement gap with leaders growing 2x faster than laggers and we estimate that gap has now widened to 5x, with leaders stepping up their investment in technology and innovation, and lead progress taking accelerated steps to catch up.  Cloud is an even more critical enabler as companies are increasing their focus on enterprise wide transformations and rapidly moving to digital and cloud powered models. These needs of our clients are driving strong momentum in our business, with an acceleration of continued strong double digit growth across Applied Intelligence, Cloud, Industry X, Intelligent Operations and Security, with interactive and intelligent platform services returning to strong double digit growth this quarter. These strategic priorities are multi-service and are powered by our unparalleled technology ecosystem relationship.  Let me share some color to bring this demand to life. I want to particularly highlight Cloud, which continues to have very strong double digit growth rates, as well as the subset of Accenture Cloud First with growth was even stronger and has exceeded our expectations when we formed Cloud First last September. With our Cloud First services we are helping agencies served by concept, Italy's National Procurement Agency to deliver on Italy's National Recovery and Resilience Plan. We are developing and running industry specific cloud based platforms to standardize and improve their efficiency and speed, reducing the time to launch new contracts and ultimately providing much improved services for Italy’s citizens.  We are using our Intelligent Platform services to help DuPont, a company with a rich history of business reinvention. We imagine its financial structure to coordinate operations across its large geographic footprint. After going through a strategic and deliberate restructuring through M&A, we will now help DuPont implement essential finance processing suites that will help them to consolidate their multiple financial systems and chart of accounts into one and close the books faster. This will provide real-time review of results for all of the business units, all in the cloud, giving DuPont more agility, speed and certainty in a complex and volatile market.  We are helping Jaguar Land Rover transform its global marketing model to deliver a more personalized customer experience with creativity and technology at its core. We were selected for our technology capabilities, data led performance and experience led approach. We will use the strength of the experience, creative and digital capabilities of interactive, and the marketing delivery capabilities of operations with our SynOps platform, which we already used as part of Jaguar Land Rover warranty operations. SynOps  will deliver AI powered insights and highly automated production around the world.  Security is top of mind for our clients as the threat landscape expands. Our very strong double digit growth is driven by the breadth and depth of our services, from advisory to cyber defense, to managed security. For example, facing ever increasing cyber threats and continued financial pressures as a result of COVID-19, Accenture is helping a UKI bank by bringing together the whole breadth of these capabilities to provide innovative solutions to support the bank's future security strategy.  Across many of these examples are our implied intelligence services. We were excited this quarter to announce Accenture federal services agreement to acquire Novetta, an advanced analytics company serving U.S. Federal Organizations that is demonstrating what's possible with analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering. This will augment our already strong capabilities and scale in these critical areas, providing even more diversification across our federal business, specifically in the national security space which is seeing substantial growth.  I wanted to give a special recognition to our colleagues serving the public sector around the world throughout the pandemic. Your seven consecutive quarters of double digit growth reflect your absolute commitment to the important missions of government serving their citizens.  Turning now to Industry X, our digital, engineering and manufacturing services. We believe that product development, design engineering, manufacturing and the supply chain make up the next big digital transformation frontier. The impact of COVID-19 is accelerating the need to transform these core operations, and for nearly a decade we have been investing to build the unique capabilities and ecosystem partnerships to combine the power of data and digital with traditional engineering services.  We are very pleased with the announcement of our agreement to acquire Umlaut, which will add more than 4,200 industry leading engineers and consultants across 17 countries, and expand our capabilities across a range of industries, including automotive, aerospace and defense, telecommunications, energy and utilities.  Some recent examples of our Industry X services include helping a German telecom company continuously develop and enhance their internet television service by utilizing embedded engineering in their set top boxes and managing new features on the platform. Helping a large media conglomerates accelerate their primary revenue streams and digital products and advertising, with our product and platform engineering expertise to design, build, test and deploy new products, services and features; and working with a global automotive OEM to execute online remote software updates for their in-car computer systems to allow seamless deployment of new software versions.  We are also working with an American multinational manufacturer of confectionery pet food and other food products to deploy a digital twin platform to optimize production in its manufacturing facilities, improve margins and reduce waste. We’re working with a large electric company in Japan to help their power plants – to help bring their power plants into the future by digitizing their operations and standards across each department. And with a large oil and gas company to build their internal digital capabilities to substantially reduce time to market for new digital solutions that extends to its customers while supporting the company's key safety and sustainability goals throughout the use of the digital factory.  Taking a step back, the examples I have provided today, all require deep industry knowledge and innovation. Our breadth and depth across industries enables us to tailor industry solutions, while bringing cross industry expertise as we help our clients facing industry convergence and by using the lessons of other industries. We are proud this quarter that Fast Company recognized us for our innovation across multiple initiatives in its World Changing Ideas Awards. Our cross-industry expertise is one of the powerful sources of our ability to innovate.  For example, using our deep banking industry and technical expertise, we rapidly developed for a commercial bank which was not a traditional small business administration lender; a program under the U.S. paycheck protection program that allowed them to make loans to thousands of small businesses struggling with the impacts of the pandemic. We then pivoted to apply this approach to stand up’s Facebook’s small business grants program for black owned businesses, enabling the distribution of 10,000 grants to black-owned businesses in the U.S. This grants program is an important part of Facebook's overall commitment to invest $200 million in building programs and tools for black owned businesses.  Finally, let me turn to our incredible people. Their health and safety remain our top priority. We are supporting our people by facilitating vaccinations, including standing up clinics in many of our offices such as in India where already 50,000 of our people, their families and contractors have been vaccinated.  We have been focused on taking the lessons as an almost 100% remote workforce during the pandemic to a new way of working, moving from a remote or hybrid model to an omni-connected experience. People will work in the office, from home and at client sites, and its likely many of our clients will be doing the same. So our approach focuses on the experience of connecting to continue to serve our clients in a differentiated way and create an environment that our people feel a sense of belonging.  The rich diversity and ingenuity of our people from our Board of Directors to our new hires, helps us deliver 360 degree value for the benefit of all. We now have more than 250,000 women representing approximately 46% of our workforce. As you may recall, shortly after the murder of George Floyd in the U.S., on this call I shared with you our commitment to take three actions in the U.S.: setting external goals to increase representation, training our people and making a bigger impact in our communities.  One year later I am pleased to report that we not only took each action, but have made measurable progress, including increasing our representation, having 95% of our U.S. people complete our new anti-racism training and making substantial new investments in our communities. You can find a full progress update on our website, because we believe transparency and accountability are hallmarks of good governance and essential to building trust.  As we see the rise or continuation of all kinds of hate crimes against diverse communities, including violence against Asians, the LGBTI community, antisemitism and Islamophobia, I want to reaffirm my and Accenture’s unwavering commitment to equality and justice for all and zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind.  KC, back to you. 
KC McClure: Thanks Julie. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal ’21, we expect revenue to be in the range of $13.1 billion to $13.5 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be positive 4% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘20 and reflects an estimated 17% to 21% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ’21, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3.5% compared to fiscal ‘20.  For the full fiscal ’21, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 10% to 11% growth in local currency over fiscal ’20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction the first half of the year and no material impact in the second half of the year. Importantly, organic revenue is the driver of the increase to our updated guidance as we still expect the inorganic contribution to remain at about 2.5% for the full year.  For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘21 to be 15.1% a 40 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘20 results. We now expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘20.  For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘21 to be in the range of $9.07 to $9.16. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $8.71 to $8.80 or 17% to 18% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘20 results.  For the full fiscal ‘21 we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $8.65 billion to $9.15 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.4 to 1.5.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $5.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] It comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning and thank you. Great results here! A couple of questions; one is a little more tactical, one more strategic. The first one, in bookings KC, can you just remind us one, how acquisitions are not reflected in bookings and then on a related note, is the composition of your bookings changing at all? I'm just specifically thinking about these big $100 million plus transformation programs. Are you seeing a notable change in duration or anything like that? Just trying to understand the booking number a little bit and then I’ll follow up. Thank you. 
KC McClure: Okay, great, thanks Lisa. So let me just decompose bookings a little bit. So we were really pleased with our bookings this quarter right, $15.4 billion, and again that grew 39% in U.S. dollars, really strong book-to-bill 1.2%. And in terms of – when you look at it, there was very strong bookings in both consulting and outsourcing, as well as all three geographic markets. And if you look at specifically in our V&A, which also was represented across all of those dimensions, there will be a slight impact in the bookings based on the backlog that we bring in from these acquisitions, but it's not overall significant. But let me just peel it back in terms of when you look underneath that 15.4, I’d say there's really kind of three things I’d point out. First was that there was really a good mix of all categories of our sales. As Julie mentioned, we had a record 20 clients, over $100 million of sales and that as you know positions us really well for the future. But if you go all the way down through the categories, all the way through our smaller deals, they’ve represented very well and that can help us with revenue in the current quarter.  The second thing that I would point out is that our bookings were very broad based across all of our services, and that include strategy and consulting. And the third thing was that it was aligned to our strategic priorities as we pointed out, you know driven by cloud industry [accent] (ph) security for example. So you know with those points I'll hand it back to you to ask the second question or if there's any other color that you want.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific! Thank you. The second one, maybe Julie this is for you. I just wanted – was hoping to comment on acquisitions. You know this is – obviously you’ve up-ticked acquisitions, made a couple of bigger ones than Accenture has historically done. Can you just talk about – you know is this just kind of opportunistic or has something kind of shifted in terms of your willingness to do larger acquisitions or specific market opportunities you're going after. Thank you. 
Julie Sweet: Sure Lisa. And well, so we've always said we have the capacity to do larger acquisitions, but we’re very disciplined about what we will acquire, and so these were you know opportunities that were very aligned to our strategic priorities.  So you know Novetta being both, investment and public sector, but primarily all about you know advanced analytics, machine learning, cyber and cloud engineering, and also importantly diversification for our federal business, because they are in the national intelligence space and Umlaut is in engineering, which was just an opportunity as a company that we know very well, that really is giving us an opportunity to accelerate our scale in Industry X and we've seen the digitization of manufacturing and engineering be a major priority post COVID.  Now we've been investing for nearly a decade in this space. We predicted this would happen. As you can see by the number, the amount of work that we're already doing, and this was a great opportunity for a company that we know well, and you know our strategy continues to be – we're going to make acquisitions to scale and big market opportunities to add new skills and opportunities as you know that we built a lot of interactive through acquisitions, for example those renewed skills and capabilities, and then to deepen industry and functional knowledge.  And so this is the continuation of that and you know I think the advantage we have is our financial capacity to make investments and to increase our investment you know for the benefit of our clients and all of our stakeholders when we see the right opportunities and we’re going to continue to have that discipline around making strategic acquisitions. 
Lisa Ellis: Terrific! Good stuff. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey! Thanks and a great quarter. Congratulations on that from me as well. The question I had is about the momentum that you are seeing in the business and it seems to have actually accelerated from what you're seeing in the past quarters. I wanted to ask you with regards to whether this changes how you think about managing the business in the interim, in order to continue to deliver what you’re seeing from a demand perspective, particularly as we see attrition go up and so on and that's an across the board statement, not just an Accenture statement. So any thoughts with regards to how you're thinking of delivery?
KC McClure: Yeah, Ashwin I’ll take this and maybe I'll frame up a few things for you and hand it over to Julie as well. So let me just maybe frame up how we’re thinking about you mentioned the demands you know in overall business and thinking about the quarter and our year-to-date from a financial perspective. You know these results are really exceptional when you think about it in the context of our historical performance, so I’ll start there. I mean clearly we’re benefiting from an easier compare in a strong market demand and we see that continuing, but even with that bookings at $44 billion growing 25% year-to-date and that’s off the base of record sales through Q3 last year. And then you couple that with 54 clients with bookings over $100 million through Q3, which is more in the first nine months of this year, than the whole of last year ‘20, FY‘20 and FY‘19 and I mention that as you talk about things in different ways, you may need to manage differently just to talk about the scale in our bookings. As we look at the scale in revenue, we grew record $2.3 billion in revenue this quarter year-over-year. When you think about our industries, where we’re clearly the leader with the breadth and depth of industries, with 11 of the 13 growing double digits and as I mentioned before in our guidance, the increase in our full year outlook, it's driven by organic revenue given that inorganic is contribution staying pretty much the same.  And then you end that all with profitability of 40 basis points expansion this quarter. We had very strong profitability and we're no longer benefiting from a travel tailwind and we continue to invest at scale in our business and our people. So you know with that, let me hand it over more to Julie to round out some of the question you had on demand and attrition.
Julie Sweet: Yes, so Ashwin it’s a great question around you know managing our business and so I want to just take you all back to right before the pandemic. I remember back then and on March 1 we put in a new growth model we call the nextgen growth model and that was designed for helping us manage our business as we saw the scale increasing, right, and that change in growth model was focused on being able to have more of our leaders closer to our clients, we changed the P&L as you recall to the geographic.  And so we’ve already put in place a model that is designed to allow us to continue to scale, and so this for us was anticipated, and it’s exciting to see how we are very uniquely positioned as our clients’ needs have accelerated, because that’s what’s driving the demand right. The needs of our clients have accelerated post-COVID to do compressed transformation, and we have the right operating model in place.  As we think about attrition, you now it’s ticked up to pre-COVID levels in a hot market although not the highest we’ve ever seen, and so as you said it’s an industry phenomenon, we are comfortable – I mean our core competency is about managing our supply and demand, but more importantly our core competency is being a great company to work for. And as you saw with our numbers this quarter, we hired net 32,000 incredible people and that is just a testimony to our ability to attract great talent, as well as continue to train our people. We’ve trained over 100,000 people since the pandemic started, pivoting to the areas of our clients’ needs.  So we feel good about it, and of course this is what you expect from us, so we’ll continuously improve. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks for that. All good points and I agree. I guess the next question it with regards to you know – and ordinary I don’t focus on a particular acquisition, but this Umlaut seems to be, I have to ask is this the first of many as you expand into a much bigger engineering services type presence. That is a relatively massive end market, so just strategically how are you thinking of this? 
Julie Sweet: Well the sort of big picture, we believe that the digital engineering and manufacturing space is the next frontier for our clients, right. There’s been a lot and there’s still a lot to do with respect to the front office and the back office for lack of a better term, that you know our clients are building a digital core, they’re transforming operations and they’re trying to find new ways of growth. But the areas that have been not as digitized over the last several years as companies have pivoted, has been in core operations, manufacturing and supply chain.  Now we predicted this just as we predicted back in 2013, that someday everybody would be a digital business, and so we’ve been investing. We’ve already made, I don’t know, seven, eight, nine acquisitions over the last several years to build these capabilities, and you saw that with all the examples that we did in the script. And so this is about rapidly scaling with some of the best engineers in the world, right, because we see the market opportunity, but most importantly the need from our clients, and so you should expect that will continue to build these both organically and inorganically, but obviously this is a great add in terms of scale for us. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Great! Thank you. Congratulations! 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg : Thanks guys. Good morning. I’m wondering if you can estimate for us perhaps how much the acceleration in all this enterprise, digital transformation has enhanced your structural organic revenue growth profile, relative to pre-pandemic levels, because it certainly sounds like this trend continues to have lags. 
Julie Sweet: Yeah, I mean I think the way to think about it is that we’re taking market share and we are really well positioned to capture the growth that’s available because of the needs of our clients. And so you’re obviously seeing that uptick in organic growth and we think this will be sustained demand. I think it’s too early and we’re not going to kind of get back into sort of giving sort of a view of FY‘22, but what we would say is we do believe that what you’re seeing right now in demand isn’t just like you know a recovery because spending decreased, but actually sustained demand and that we are incredibly well positioned to capture that, because clients are looking for outcomes and the breadth of our services.  You know they’re turning to us because we can give them solutions, not just individual services. They want the innovation that we’re bringing; you know the things like our SynOps platform. They are very appreciative and focused on the fact that we care about the 360 degree value, so that we’re helping improve their own skills, as well as achieving their goals and finally, you know and I think something that is really critical right now and why we are so well positioned is they see it’s a company that creates value and leads with values.  And so trust really matters when you are doing major transformation and you know I’ll give you one example. We’ve had over 80 clients in the last 12 months just come and sit down with us to learn more about our diversity supplier program, because it really matters to them and they see us as a leader, right. These are the things that make us an incredibly attractive and trusted partner. And so we think that you know this is really an enduring differentiation at a time when there is going to be subsisting demand for compressed transformation. 
Jason Kupferberg : Okay, understood. Just a quick two part follow up here, your thoughts on Q4 book-to-bill and what were the areas of the business that surprised you most in terms of revenue this quarter, because obviously the overall upside was quite significant. Thank you. 
Julie Sweet: Yes, Jason just in terms of how we think about the fourth quarter. I mean so obviously we’ve had $44 billion of booking year-to-date and even with that, we still have a strong pipeline and we feel good about our position for Q4 as it relates to bookings. And in terms of what did better, you know as I mentioned earlier, it really was broad based, every part of our business did a bit better. 
Jason Kupferberg : Okay, thanks for the comments. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive. Please go ahead. 
Rod Bourgeois: Hey guys! Hey, I just wanted to ask about the margin outlook given the increased acquisition contribution that you’ll be digesting in fiscal ‘22. I just like to ask about the margin levers that you’ll be able to pull in order to still achieve overall operating margin expansion. And also, I guess besides digesting this added acquisition content, are you also needing to spend more on people costs given the war for talent that’s out there. So question about margin levers and also the investments in people? Thanks. 
KC McClure: Yes, thanks Rod. So I mean, let’s start with the second one first. So yes, in terms of for the people side of it, obviously there’s a lot of demand in the market. We’re in a hot market right now and historically we’ve seen wages increase and that vary by skills and geographies and that’s happening now, but you see that Rod flowing through our results already to-date and through our guidance.  So it’s really up to us to manage our business with rigor discipline as we always do, you know us well, you know managing our pyramid, increasing the use of automation and just overall delivery efficiencies. So that’s the first part on wages as it relates to operating margin.  And just coming back to the same point on V&A, so let me just give you a little bit more color on V&A coupled with what I talked about a little bit earlier and of course, I’m not going to give any specific guidance for FY ‘22 until September. But we do expect to have a higher level of inorganic contribution next year, probably around something closer to 4% and that’s really due to the fact that we’re deploying about $4 billion in FY ‘21, a larger portion that’s closer to the later part of the year, and we expect to benefit from more of that revenue in FY ‘22.  We also expect at this time to deploy somewhere around $4 billion in FY ‘22, that’s including Umlaut, which we expect to close next year, early in the year. And of course as Julie said, we’ve always said we have the ability to do more, but that’s our line of sight today, and it’s up to us to manage our, to all the levers that we have in our disposal, to continue within the premise of clients and our overhead and structural costs, to make sure that we continue to drive modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and our people.
Rod Bourgeois: Great! And then just a quick follow-up on the revenue progression that’s happening. Clearly, this is a big industry recovery, some of that cyclical, some of it secular, and you have certain COVID-impacted verticals that are coming back online. I guess as we head into the next fiscal year, are there on the other side, are there any revenue contributions that will taper as the COVID crisis ends? Are there any, is there any sort of lumpy work that might taper off as you head into the next fiscal year amidst all of the other momentum that’s happening in the business?
Julie Sweet: I mean there is nothing material. I mean like think about the public sector for example. We did a lot of COVID surge work, but now you’ve got the fiscal stimulus that’s around the world and you see the digitization of the public sector like we gave the example of concept in Italy. So there is nothing material that we think will be difficult to manage, because you’re seeing really, when you see that in the results, kind of across industries, there this need to digitize, so nothing material that we think to mention.
Rod Bourgeois: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Good morning, thank you. I’m curious, over the last two to three quarters, have you seen a notable change in clients’ appetite for price increases as broader transformation demand is ramped up?
KC McClure: Yes, so let me talk to you a little bit about what we’re seeing in terms of pricing overall. So just importantly, as a reminder, we talked about pricing. We define it as the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell Bryan. And as always the environment remains competitive, and in many areas of our business we did see pricing was lower and that’s really based on a combination of the fact that the market is competitive and disciplined investments that we’re making, and so all of that is baked into our operating margin guidance for the year.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then one on Accenture Operations, I’m curious if you’re seeing any change in the size and scope of engagements that clients are outsourcing too. Can you just comment on some of the strengths or the drivers of the continued strength that you’ve shown in that business?
Julie Sweet: Yes, it’s a great question. It’s not so much about the size, it’s really about the intent. I mean what you’re seeing is clients really saying, in a world where I’ve got to digitize the entire enterprise, right, where do I want to focus my own resources and leadership and where can I leverage Accenture and their investments? And this is where we really got ahead of the market, right, where we developed SynOps and what we’re providing them is both cost efficiencies, but really outcomes of actual insights that come from being able to digitize. And then you add on top of that, where we have more clients thinking about having us takeover, we have a strong pipeline and you know taking over more people, because we have such a great employee value proposition and so they’re starting – you know when we think about the future of work, think about it, we’re seeing more of our clients really see it as a combination of their own employees automation or bots, and then partners like Accenture that really integrate with their own employees and we’re just a leader here. And so it’s more about the trends of the need to digitize that is what you’re seeing reflected, digitized at speed.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, congrats on the results. I wanted to ask about Strategy Consulting. It had been a laggard, but saw that it moved positively into high single-digit. Just a little bit on the outlook there. Do you continue to see that maybe reach some of the demand you’re seeing in some of your other industry groups?
KC McClure: Yes. Hey, Bryan. Thanks for the question. You’re right, we were very pleased with the acceleration to high single-digits in the quarter in strategy consulting, which is what we expected. In terms of how we look at just consulting overall type of work go forward, we see it being strong double-digit for the fourth quarter and the second half of the year that would mean we round up really kind of at a strong double-digit growth perspective.
Julie Sweet: And Bryan as a reminder, because I remind you all every single quarter, right, clients aren’t focused on is it strategy and consulting or technology or operations. They are looking for outcomes and what makes us so unique is that all of these things, whether it’s Cloud or Intelligent Operations or marketing transformation bring together our services and with more confidence and certainty and that’s really how we think about it.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And then just as a follow-up. The increase in M&A, just curious on how you guys are thinking about capital allocation, in particular the dividends and the share repurchase. Does that change at all with a little more M&A?
KC McClure: Obviously, we’ll give you – I’ll give you specifics in September Bryan for next year, but overall our capital allocation framework really remains intact.
Julie Sweet: I mean, you should all just think about this as we’re going to deliver on our commitments and we are investing to drive the next waves of growth and we are taking advantage of our ability to do so in this market.
Bryan Keane: Great! Thanks so much.
Angie Park : Last question. Operator, we have time for one more question, then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you and that question will come from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey! Thanks so much. Amazing results! Sorry if this was already asked, I had to jump off earlier. Just on the record number of deals over $100 million. I’m just curious how the pipeline is for such deals going forward. Is there an opportunity to replenish? Just what is the – what do you see out there in terms of large deal potential from here?
KC McClure: Yes. Hey Tien-tsin, we still have a strong pipeline overall and that includes in the large deal category.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, good. And then just on the four point inorganic contribution, I heard that for next year. How about on the margin impact there, I think KC you mentioned that there’ll be a little bit impact on the margin. You’ll still be able to expand. Just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. So yes, we want to – so what I did say is that we do expect inorganic contribution next year about 4% and our line of sight now is about $4 billion of capital spend next year ‘22, but we expect modest margin expansion to continue in ‘22.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, very good. I appreciate that guys. Well done!
KC McClure: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Great, Tien-tsin. Okay, in closing, we really appreciate everyone joining us today. We believe that we are unique because of both what we do and how we do it and we are a company that as I’ve shared before, creates value and leads with values. I want to thank all of our people and our leaders for what you’re doing every day. And finally, I want to thank all of our shareholders for your continued trust and support. We will make sure to earn it every day. Be well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 AM Eastern today through September 23. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering access code 1334620. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with access code 1334620. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Concerning Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-03-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are proud to announce outstanding financial results for the second quarter of fiscal ‘21 and our return to pre-COVID level financial results a quarter earlier than we expected and with a tough compare. Let’s first go back 12 months ago, on March 19, only 8 days after the pandemic was declared, when we were all together to announce our outstanding fiscal year ‘20 Q2 financial results. Results you may not remember, because at the time, we were all focused on the go-forward potential impact of the pandemic. In Q2 of fiscal year ‘20, we had 8% revenue growth in local currency, our then highest bookings ever of $14.2 billion and strong underlying profitability and free cash flow. We also announced that 18 clients that quarter had bookings over $100 million. With this backdrop of fiscal year ‘20 Q2, the significance of this Q2’s results in fiscal year ‘21 becomes even more clear. We have delivered 5.4% revenue growth in local currency, which includes a reduction of 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs, meaning, apples-to-apples, 5.4% is in the zone of fiscal year ‘20 Q2 revenue when you exclude the travel costs related revenue. We have delivered bookings of $16 billion, beating our previous record set in Q2 last year by $1.8 billion and we have delivered strong profitability and free cash flow. This quarter, 18 clients had bookings over $100 million and we continue to take market share faster than pre-COVID. In H1, we have accelerated our investment in B&A, with approximately $1.1 billion of capital deployed and we are increasing our programmatic B&A investment to at least $2 billion for FY ‘21 from the $1.7 billion we previously communicated. And for the last 12 months, we have remained consistent. We gave guidance every quarter which we met or beat. We deliberately invested in our people and preserved our talent to continue to serve our clients as demand came back and we continued to significantly invest in our business and our communities. And throughout, we have lived our core values, including maintaining without pause our commitment to make more progress on diversity and inclusion and sustainability. These financial results reflect these choices, the strength of our core values and the power of our laser focus on creating client value and being a trusted partner as well as our incredibly talented people, strong ecosystem relationships and the resilience of our growth strategy as well as the substantial investments we have made year in and year out, since we set out to be the leader in digital cloud and security and continuous innovation. They also reflect the operational rigor and discipline that long has been a hallmark of our success. I want to thank our people for their hard work and continued dedication to our clients and for delivering on our commitments. KC, over to you.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. We were very pleased with our overall results in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations and reflects strong momentum across our business. We are particularly pleased with our record new bookings and strong revenue growth, which demonstrates our leading position in the market as a trusted partner to deliver value for our clients. Based on the strength of our second quarter results and the confidence in the second half of the fiscal year, we are increasing all elements of our full year outlook, which I will cover in more detail later in our call. Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenues grew 5.4% in local currency and continue to include a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Q2 revenues were nearly $140 million above our guided range driven by broad-based over-delivery across all dimensions: markets, services and industries, as our business built back even faster than anticipated. We also continued to extend our leadership position, with growth significantly above the market. We saw broad improvement in industry trends. Approximately, 50% of our revenues came from 7 industries that were less impacted by the pandemic, which in aggregate accelerated this quarter to low double-digit growth. At the same time, we saw continued improvement from clients in highly impacted industries, which collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined mid single-digits. Operating margin was 13.7%, an increase of 30 basis points for the quarter and 40 basis points year-to-date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continued to invest in our business and our people, including the one-time bonus we just announced. We continued to benefit from lower spend on travel, meetings and events and we delivered very strong EPS of $2.03, up 10% over fiscal ‘20, after adjusting both years for gains on an investment. And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $2.4 billion in the quarter and $4 billion year-to-date. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objective, with roughly $3.1 billion returned to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. We have made investments of $1.1 billion in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 19 transactions in the first half of the year and we expect to invest at least $2 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $16 billion, representing a 13% growth in U.S. dollar over previous record in Q2 of last year. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in the quarter and 1.2 year-to-date. Consulting bookings were $8 billion, a record high with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.4. Similar to last quarter, our bookings were driven by both technology services and operations. We were pleased with the strength of our bookings in strategy and consulting, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $12.1 billion an 8% increase in U.S. dollars and 5.4% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consolidated revenues for the quarter were $6.4 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars and up 1% local currency, including a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.6 billion, up 14% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, both operations and technology services grew double-digits. As expected, strategy and consulting services declined high single-digits and we expect strategy and consulting to return to growth in Q3. Turning to our geographic markets, the industry dynamics that I mentioned earlier continued to play out in a similar manner across all three markets. In North America, revenue growth was 7% in local currency. In Europe, revenues grew 3% in local currency, driven by mid single-digit growth in Italy and the UK. In growth markets, we delivered 6% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in Japan. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 29.7% compared with 30.2% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.4% compared with 10.4% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expenses, was 7.6% compared to 6 point – excuse me, 6.6% compared to 6.4% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.7 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, up 30 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Before I continue as a reminder, in Q2 last year, we recognized an investment gain, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.07. This quarter, we again recognized an investment gain, which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.21. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.5% compared with the adjusted effective tax rate of 17.1% for the second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.03 compared with an adjusted EPS of $1.84 in the second quarter last year. This reflects a 10% year-over-year increase. Days service outstanding were 34 days compared to 38 days last quarter and 39 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $93 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $9.2 billion compared with $8.4 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.6 million shares for $1.2 billion at an average price of $255.29 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately $5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in February, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $561 million. This represented a 10% increase over last year. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share, to be paid on May 14, a 10% increase over last year. So at the halfway point of fiscal ‘21, we feel really good about our results to-date and our positioning for the remainder of the year, realizing that the pace of recovery is hard to accurately predict. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Let me start with the environment. We continued to see compressed transformation, where companies have to simultaneously transform multiple parts of their enterprise and reskill their people in what previously would have been sequential programs. They are doing so to replatform their businesses in the cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust their operations and customer experiences and find new sources of growth. COVID has hit a giant fast forward button to the future and we believe the demand to innovate at unprecedented speed and scale with rapid adoption of cloud, AI and other disruptive technologies, is accelerating. For digital leaders, we see them no longer strictly competing for market share, but to build their vision of the future faster than the competition. And for digital laggards, they are determined to not simply catch up, but to leapfrog. While COVID has accelerated the demand, the reality is that the extent of transformation ahead is enormous. The move from approximately 20% to 80% in the cloud alone is a huge undertaking and it is just the start as companies will then continue to invest to grow and innovate on their new cloud foundations, which leads me to the role we are playing. In Q2, our engines of growth across Accenture have lowered to the life to meet these needs of our clients and we see strong momentum going into Q3. I will share some color and examples. We called the once in a digital era replatforming of businesses into the cloud in September 2020 when we created Accenture Cloud First to bring industry cloud and state-of-the-art change management and transformation together. We saw this quarter’s strong double-digit growth in cloud overall as well as the subset of Accenture Cloud First, which growth was even higher. Intelligent platform services, which is essential to building the digital core of our clients is back to high single-digit growth as companies resume this critical aspect of their transformation. Applied intelligence, with our data and AI solutions and security both sizable, but still in the early stages of the scale we expect long-term, both had strong double-digit growth in Q2. Operations grew double-digits as companies seek to digitize their enterprises, leveraging our deep industry and functional expertise in AI-driven SynOps platform. Interactive improved and grew high single-digits as companies continue to shift to digital channels need cost efficiencies around sales and marketing to invest in new capabilities, seek more data-driven marketing campaigns and compete for customers and employees on the experience they provide. Industry X, which is helping diversify our sources of revenue in the enterprise, grew strong double-digits, driven by the need for product and engineers to accelerate the time to market of smarter and more sustainable products and the need to enhance the efficiency and flexibility of manufacturing facilities and the ability to interconnect machines and operate remotely. These engines of growth are multi-service, bringing the best of Accenture’s strategy in consulting, interactive technology and operation services together to create value. We are distinctive, because no other competitor has our scale and breadth of services, which allows us to seamlessly serve the different dimensions of compressed transformations. We also are able to give our clients speed and cost levers through our managed services to digitize using our assets and platforms and address cost pressures. Furthermore, our distinctive capabilities in industry, innovation and investment are clear differentiators. Our strong strategy and consulting practitioners bring deep industry expertise to all functions of the enterprise and help bring together our services to deliver to our clients, often informed by cross-industry insights, such as for payments and omni-channel engagement. Our ability and commitment to consistently invest in acquisitions, R&D and our people is unmatched in our industry and our clients know that through our investment and focus on innovation, we will help future-proof them, such as our innovation in emerging technologies like the work Accenture Labs is doing, testing applications using neuromorphic computing, where circuits are modeled after systems in the human brain and nervous system to deliver new AI capabilities and our 360-degree value strategy, which seeks to bring talent upskilling, diversity and inclusion and sustainability to our work, is resonating with our clients as they seek to make progress as they transform. Two great examples of compressed transformation, strong leaders and our 360-degree value strategy are AIG and Shiseido. We are partnering with AIG, a leading global insurance organization, to help them drive their AIG 200 program, which is designed to achieve underwriting excellence, modernize their operating infrastructure, enhance user and customer experience and become a more unified company. This quarter, we acquired AIG’s shared services operations, which we will transform to serve AIG to create a modern digital shared services platform with end-to-end processes that will improve the user experience using our SynOps platform. And consistent with our 360-degree value strategy, we are investing in upskilling our new employees. We have entered into a strategic partnership with Shiseido, a leading global beauty company headquartered in Japan. Shiseido has launched a fundamental business transformation aiming to become a global leader in premium skin beauty by 2030 under its new medium to long-term strategy, Win 2023 and Beyond. We are partnering with Shiseido to accelerate digital transformation and create personalized and seamless customer experiences, design, develop and implement a cloud-based system that will help it adopt processes that enable continuous financial reporting that are forecasting accuracy and more precise inventory management. We are helping them use AI, analytics and automation to create new business value and helping their employees gain high level digital skills. We are working with Specsavers, the UK base leader in optometry, audiology and other healthcare services, to reimagine and transform their entire IT organization through our living systems approach. We are leveraging new ways of working in agile foundations to capture efficiencies and reduce costs, while positioning the company for growth and diversification to drive business resilience. With our managed security services, we are helping a central bank in Asia to strengthen their resilience against cyber threats, builds in the flexibility to securely grow their payment transactions from millions to billions at speed and scale. Our Industry X team is helping Formula One re-launch its F1 TV Grand Prix racing product. By using the cloud-based Accenture video solution, live streams from 20 trackside and onboard cameras and a growing range of connected devices, we are continuously innovating to embed intelligence in their platforms to deliver the best possible viewer experience. Now, let me turn to Accenture’s greatest and undeniable competitive advantage, our nearly 537,000 people. They are at the heart of our outstanding results. Fundamental to our core values is to care deeply for our people and we placed significant importance on providing a meaningful employee experience. For almost every person around the world, living and working during the pandemic has been challenging. To help our people succeed both professionally and personally during this time, we have put in place many programs. For example, we are partnering with Bright Horizons in the U.S. through development of an innovative program for school aged children to receive proctoring for their virtual studies and homework. We have extended telemedicine to parents of our employees in India and we are providing industry leading mental wellness programs, including Thriving Mind, a holistic well-being program that teaches us about the science behind stress and how to recharge your brain’s battery. We are proud that more than 160,000 of our people have completed the program with impressive results, including nearly 9 out of 10 participants reported feeling significantly better able to handle challenges in the workplace. Equally important is our focus on vibrant career paths. We have maintained pay increases, bonuses and promotions both in our normal December time period as well as an added round of promotions in February, enabling us to promote in total at the same level as the prior year. Additionally, we will expand our regular midyear promotions this coming June to include managing directors, a first in our company’s history as one more way, we continue to create new opportunities for our people. And today, we are announcing a special one-time bonus for all of our people below managing director to recognize the contributions and dedication to our clients during this difficult year. Continuous learning also is a defining feature of Accenture. We continued to invest in our people and their market leading skills, with a 28% increase in training hours and 25% increase in hours per person just this quarter. And coming back to our ability to attract talent, we know that people want to work for companies that not only create value, but also lead with values. We are proud this quarter to have been named for the 14th consecutive year on Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies list and for the 19th consecutive year on Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies. Our strategic decision to preserve our talent last year, including our recruiters, provided a strong base to meet the surge in demand we have experienced. Recruiting, hiring and managing supply and demand has always been a core competency and we are confident in our ability to attract talent and continue to meet the increased demand. We increased hiring approximately 50% both year-over-year and since last quarter. And we have on-boarded over 100,000 people virtually over the last 12 months, with new innovative approaches. I would like to recognize the extraordinary leadership and efforts of our Chief Leadership and Human Resources Officer, Ellyn Shook and her outstanding team around the globe for how they have helped care for our people throughout the pandemic, guided us through health and safety of COVID, are ensuring that we are continuously reskilling our people and have helped us manage and realize the incredible expansion of our talent to meet the needs of our clients. Over to you, KC, for a look ahead.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ‘21, we expect revenues to be in the range of $12.55 billion to $12.95 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 4.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal ‘20 and reflects an estimated 10% to 13% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘21, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3% compared to fiscal ‘20. For the full fiscal ‘21, we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 6.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction in the first half of the year and no material impact in the second half of the year. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘21 to be 15% to 15.1%, a 30 to 40 basis point expansion of our fiscal ‘20 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal ‘20. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘21 to be in the range of $8.67 to $8.85. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $8.32 to $8.50 or 12% to 14% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘20 results. For the full fiscal ‘21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $7.65 billion to $8.15 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to adjusted net income ratio of 1.3 to 1.4. Finally, we now expect to return at least $5.8 billion, an increase of $500 million through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask the questions. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, thanks. Terrific results here. I can’t remember. I was thinking the last time you guys raised your margin outlook, especially against such strong bookings and investments like cloud first, you talked about plus this one-time bonus to employees, etcetera? So what’s different this time to allow you to do that to raise margins modestly against some good momentum here? And I will ask my follow-up just together with this, which is given the big bookings, thinking about contract execution, do you feel good about sort of the level of expectations you need to deliver here to keep this momentum going, because I know you put a lot of hard work into driving up the bookings here, but I am curious if there is anything different to consider here with contract execution looking ahead? Thanks.
KC McClure: Okay. Thanks, Tien-tsin. So in terms of operating margins, let me just cover with you what’s the driver this year of our 30 to 40 basis points operating margin expansion. And you are right it is unusual for us to expand our operating margin halfway through the year. And so implied in our guidance for the year, there is obviously continued healthy margin expansion in the back half. That’s in addition, Tien-tsin to the 40 basis points that we have already done year-to-date. And then as I mentioned, which does include the impact of the one-time bonus that we are doing for employees below managing director. And I will just maybe highlight a few things in terms of drivers for the expansion this year. I mean, as always, we first look to strong revenue growth and we have that again this year. And that’s coming along with increased contract profitability. We do have increased contract profitability coming through in our gross margin in the first half of the year and that’s really the first lever that we always look at. Within this year uniquely are a couple of things. One is utilization. So, we are getting some additional margin expansion this year based on our higher utilization rate. We talked about that last quarter that we are looking to bring that down to more normal levels. It did go up this quarter. We are still working on that. But clearly, in the first half of the year and into the second half, there will be some benefit to operating margin expansion on that. And the second part is due to the lower travel events and meetings of spend this year. So, we are going to benefit from that overall for the full year, but that benefit really is in the first half of the year. As the baseline last year in the back half is as you know, we really didn’t travel or have meetings, so it’s not a benefit that we will have in the back half of the year. And so I think overall, the key thing though in operating margin is that we always look to drive strong underlying profitability, because we want to ensure that we are investing first in our business because we want to drive long-term shareholder value. And so that’s really the critical part that we are able to continue to invest in our business and in our people and in acquisitions, but while at the same time expanding operating margin significantly.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Tien-tsin, why don’t I take the – I will take the question about execution, we are very confident about our ability to execute. And let me just remind you that one of the things that’s really benefiting us is just our absolute excellent performance when the pandemic started and we had to move all of our people from our centers, while our clients were having to move remotely. As you will recall, I shared that we closed the books for 70 public companies and we did so without missing a beat that we on average pre-pandemic, have a new release every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day, on the technology say 7 days a week and we have continued with that execution. And in fact, one of the things that we believe is driving our growth is that we enhanced our standing with our clients because of how we have been able to execute, while at the same time, we help many of them move online. So we feel very good. Our centers and our people across the globe in terms of delivery are just amazing. And I should thank them, because at the end of the day, that’s what really matters for our people and we really just have exceptional people.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes, thanks both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning. Nice results here. Julie, I wanted to kind of rewind the clock back to early 2020, which obviously feels like eons ago now, but when you reorganized Accenture to pivot to more focus on the geographies and geographic expansion. Now that we’re a year plus in and the dust had settled a little bit, can you just kind of bring us back to that and reflect on what’s working well with that pivot, what’s working maybe less well, or it’s been more challenging than you expected. And what’s different about operating in growth markets? Just realizing that those – that the growth markets are an important part of the growth story for Accenture going forward. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Great question. One of the things that we look back on internally as a leadership team was that we actually were very bold in our ambition in my first year as CEO to actually put that new model in place only 6 months into the fiscal year and change our P&L in the middle of the fiscal year. And we look back and often use it as a lesson as to speed matters because as you think about our execution during the last 12 months, we did so with a new leadership team and a new way of working. And what it really demonstrated was we made the right strategic move. Driving the move from industry to geography were a few things. And remember, what we did was we also put digital everywhere. So we simplified because digital is now the core of our business. But the first thing is what we call the Client Proximity Imperative. We had such scale in all of our markets. We wanted to put our leaders really closer to our clients, while at the same time really enhancing the ability to move innovation around the world. And we did that by massively simplifying. And so we – at the one hand, where – we made a geographic P&L. But on the other hand, we made critical changes to actually make it easier to move innovation around the world. And secondly, we felt as if the ability to simplify and then have teams come together across our services would really unlock value. And of course, you did that before we had COVID, but we’ve seen the acceleration of the need for that because our clients are really looking for ability to bring outcomes. And so just think about the work that we are doing right now. Like I take BBVA, which you may know, it’s a customer-centric global financial services company headquartered in Spain. And we have worked with them to move – they wanted to increase their digital sales. And that brings together operation, all of our interactive capabilities, like paid media, search engine optimization, analytics and marketing operation, plus our deep industry experience. And with our support over the last 12 months, they have grown their digital sales more than 50% and they saw an increase in digital customers by more than 50%. The ability to bring those services together seamlessly to deliver those outcomes has really been enabled by that growth model that both simplified, recognize that the core of our business is now digital cloud and security, and enable us to really meet the needs of the client globally. In terms of growth markets, there is really nothing different there. I mean the geographic model helps us both focus on the opportunity in each of the markets, while at the same time, really connecting the innovation and being able to serve global clients better.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks. Maybe my quick follow-up is maybe for KC, a follow-up on Tien-tsin’s question. I know you said you’re – yes, you’re running a little hot on utilization right now. And you commented on that as well last quarter. I’m curious though, with the shift to remote work, one, do you think that shift is going to remain more permanent? And will it allow you to actually maintain a higher level of utilization on a more permanent basis?
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks, Lisa, for the question. Yes, I will just reiterate. We are trying to – we are working to get it back – our utilization back into a more normal range as they did tick up this quarter. And this really is tied to the increased demand that came back harder than we expected, right? So – but we continue to believe that the right answer for our people is to lower it back into our more normal historical ranges. And in terms of the structural – is there a structural change? I believe, just now that over time, there is really not a structural change in utilization. There is probably some increase right now due to remote working, but we don’t see on a go forward any long-term structural change in our utilization rate.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And just to remember, Lisa, like we have a very important value proposition that includes being able to do continuous learning, but also the right level of time to do strategic thinking, for example, and to come together around important initiatives. And so that’s why we believe that, over time, we really should get back into kind of a more normal regardless of where people are working from.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Julie. Hi, KC. Congratulations. These are tremendous results.
Julie Sweet: Hi, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Just I hate to keep bringing up margin again and again. But one thing I did not necessarily hear you explicitly call out was pricing, which you might expect given sort of a price for value component, given the pivot, the mix, as you primarily do digital cloud and security, and also, frankly, a shortage of resources. It was also going to be my follow-up question, is that your attrition has ticked up, but still below historical levels. I see all the steps you took towards employee health, wellness, eventually controlling attrition. But as demand accelerates across the industry, do you expect inflation to return to historical, like mid upper teens type levels?
KC McClureb: Yes. So Thanks, Ashwin, for the question. So I’ll cover the pricing point, and I’ll hand it over to Julie to talk about attrition. So maybe let’s start with context overall and what we’re seeing in the overall market and the business environment. So as we have been saying and we continue to see that the business environment does remain competitive and in some areas, we experienced pricing pressure, but we are seeing signs of stability, right? So that’s probably the first key point. In terms of the pricing that we have across our different markets or our services, as you know, the pricing can vary depending on what it is that we’re selling and in what markets that we’re doing that commercial arrangement. But what is important, what stays the same is that we always look to make sure that we are doing a smart commercial arrangement that benefits both our clients and Accenture. And that’s a key part of our 360-degree value. But as it relates to what we’re actually delivering in terms of profitability, I do want to highlight that within our operating margin and within gross margin, we did, we haven’t expanded the delivery of client profitability and contract profitability. So that’s a key part of our operating margin expansion for the year. And Julie, you want to talk about attrition?
Julie Sweet: Yes Ashwin. Look, I think it’s – I think we would expect that we’re going to go back to sort of industry norms on attrition, although we will always work hard to not do that, right. And we do believe that we’re benefiting right now from the way we have cared for and – our people and the decisions we made to preserve our talent and invest in keeping them through the lower demand areas. So – but certainly, we’re tuned as a company to be able to grow and recruit at this level and at the more normal levels, as you said, in the higher teens.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Good result.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys and congratulations from me as well. Just thinking, Julie, about this more structurally longer term, is this growth rate – the back half growth rate obviously being really strong in the back half, double-digit growth, implied for both the third and the fourth quarter. How has the pandemic changed things that this could be maybe more sustainable than just kind of a onetime pickup in growth and maybe the growth could be? I know we’ve talked about in the past 5% to 8% constant currency growth. Just wondering if that formula has potentially changed in the future due to the pull forward of some of the digital transformation from the pandemic?
KC McClure: So we knew someone was going to try to get us to look ahead for next year, but…
Bryan Keane: You got me.
KC McClure: So but we’re not going to. But let me just – so instead of trying to look ahead to next year and thinking about it, let’s maybe just focus on how we are looking at our business right now. So if you think about the last 6 years when we started digital, we rotated our business so that now the core of our business is digital, cloud, security and all of our services, meaning not just – that’s not from a technical perspective. And so think about what we have built are engines of growth as the core of our business, which is what we went through when you think about cloud, Industry X, applied intelligence, operation, the things we went through on our script today. And so we have these engines of growth which we continue to invest in. And I think what’s really important in the way we think about our business is we’re – for example, cloud, we already scaled. We told you last quarter, it was $12 million in FY ‘20 but it’s growing double-digits because we’re at the very early stages of it. And when you think about Accenture Cloud First, we brought together, right, all of our services, from strategy and consulting, to experience, to cloud, industry experience, because not only are companies having to migrate to the cloud, but they need to create value, like we’re working with an American entertainment company, where we’re helping them use – leverage the cloud to accelerate the time to market of new video services, right? So it’s not about the migration. It’s about the value. And so think about our business as having built these engines of growth, some of which already have massive scale and are continuing. And then others, like Industry X, Industry X is a way that we are going to continue to diversify our revenue sources for resilience over the long-term. We made two acquisitions this quarter, [indiscernible] Solutions and Myrtle Consulting Group, to help build our manufacturing and supply chain. We’re going to continue to invest there. We think about that as the next interactive, right, in terms of building this new area. And we’re at this amazing tipping point right now where we’re seeing an acceleration of digitization in manufacturing and in product engineering. And so we continue to think about how do we both make sure these growth engines is going, but never have to have another rotation because we’re always investing. And I mean, the last point I would just say is our capacity to invest in acquisitions has been a huge differentiator in building the business we have today, as being the core of our business is now these engines of growth. And we continue to execute on that in all of our major strategic areas and the next scale plays. And I’d call out the two we made this quarter in cloud, for example, Infinity Works and Edenhouse.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Got it. And just KC, a quick follow-up, will travel and reimbursables, will that go up back to the norms of previous past? I’m just trying to figure out if some of that, obviously – some of that travel work doesn’t have to continue until the model slightly changes on that front.
KC McClure: Yes. So that’s a great question, Bryan. So let me just first tell you what we’ve assumed as it relates to kind of our revenue. So we do not have in our revenue guidance an increase in travel revenue from travel-related expenses. Now obviously, we’re continuing to meet with our clients and do well, and engage with them, as you can see from our record bookings and our really strong revenue growth. But we don’t have any of that in – we don’t have that significantly embedded in our revenue. In terms of for the rest of the year, we’ll continue to see where we are with the travel and expand events and meetings. As we go throughout the rest of the year and into next year, so it’s kind of too early to tell. Julie, if you want to add anything?
Julie Sweet: Yes. I agree. I mean, look, I’m having lots of conversations with companies who are just trying to figure this out, right? Will travel – will it actually explode once people feel safe because they need to reconnect? Will it structurally shift? And I would say that it’s really – we think it’s too early and company, it’s really kind of allover the map. And that hopefully will have a lot better sense as we get through the next 6 months. And we see vaccination variance and healthy – how comfortable people are. But it’s still pretty unclear.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Hey, guys. Thanks, nice job. And I guess my first question, outsourcing growth was the strongest, I think, in 6 years, and that’s really not on an easy comp either. You had a pretty normal Q2 of last year in terms of growth. I’m wondering, is there something within outsourcing that has kind of step function change to just a better level than normal or something happening there that’s really triggering growth in such a stable part of your business typically?
Julie Sweet: Well, it’s a great question. And this really is a big driver of how well we’re doing now because in this – when you have compressed transformation where the companies need to do so much at the same time, there is a really sharp focus on, what do I need to do? How do I source the talent, right? And that conversation has absolutely gone faster. But also, how can I digitize every part of the organization? And what Accenture has, which is very unique, is this investment we’ve been making for years in the SynOps platform, for example, in operations, and in technology, things like myWizard and myConcerto, which builds in best-of-class AI, machine learning, rapid testing. And these are platforms that we continuously invest in. And so when you – happening is here is that we’re helping them digitize. We are helping them focus on, what do they really need to have in-house versus can leverage in order to go faster. But one thing I want to be really, really clear about is, although our strategy and consulting business continued to have a high single-digit decline, it was better than we expected, strategy and consulting is absolutely essential to all of these results, including outsourcing. Because what we are bringing to them, right? It’s not simply always at a lower cost. It’s increase is in sales through our marketing operations, like the BBVA example I gave, right? It’s manufacturing in at AIG, which I talked about, it’s insurance, right, as well as deep process skills. It is helping them transform the ways they are working by being integrated with us where we’re bringing modern ways of working and digital. And so this is what distinguishes us as a company for our clients. It’s not – you for guys, it’s type of work, outsourcing versus consulting, which is basically managed services, it’s project work. For our clients, it’s our ability to bring all these services together, which is why I emphasize that each of the examples I gave in my script, and I gave you many more, really are polling all of these things together for an outcome and when you are going to compress transformation, that’s more important than ever.
Dave Koning: Great, thanks. That’s great. And I guess my just quick follow-up. Every vertical accelerated in the quarter except for resources. And so I’m just wondering, on that vertical specifically, that got a little worse, but that hits really easy comps in the back half, anything to kind of call out there on momentum kind of reaccelerating in the future?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So resources, it came in, in the zone that we expected it to. And I’d just point out a couple of things. So we’ve talked about the industry is more impacted by the pandemic, and resources clearly has one of those, which is energy and that continued to be under pressure. And I would also say that our clients in the chemical industry also have been feeling some pressure as well but we have seen stability in our utilities portfolio which is good. And go forward, as we look into Q3, we do see an improvement in the resources growth rate.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And by the way, this is where Industry X is going to be so critical. For example, we’re working with a North America, one of the largest oil integrators in the world, in re-imagining their plants from both health and safety security and efficiency perspective. I was just in our brand-new OT security lab in Houston last week. Yes, I actually did go on a business trip. And a big focus of OT security is across all of our volt process and discrete manufacturing. So there – obviously, as an industry – set of industries, they have been impacted. But if you think about where we’re focused and how we’re going to help them from efficiency and safety and security, it’s great. We’re well positioned.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. And wanted to go back to one of the comments you made in the prepared remarks in terms of increasing your programmatic B&A. And wondering if you could just give us a little color of how we should think about contribution from that, specific areas of focus, durability, etcetera. Just trying to understand how you are thinking about that initiative, which seems really important?
KC McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question. You’re absolutely right. I mean, our ability to invest significantly in our business, and that includes B&A, is a key competitive advantage. And I would just say, we’ve been at this for a long time, to your point. It’s been a core part of our strategy since 2013. On average, we’ve done about 20% of our operating cash flow to B&A, and that’s our updated guidance of about up to $2 billion – at least $2 billion, puts us in that same zone. So – but it’s not just being able to acquire. It’s successful integration. And so you can see that, that typically provides about 2% of inorganic contribution in this year. It’s going to be more, in the 2.5% zone. So we really are very focused on that as a key part of our strategy, and we will look to continue to invest. And as we’ve said, we can always – we can do more than the $2 billion if the opportunity presents itself, but it is a key part of our investment portfolio.
James Faucette: Thanks. And just turning operationally for my follow-up question, can you give some color on how much of the strong demand that you’re seeing is driven by your partner network this year? And where you’re seeing most strength there? And I guess, how you would think about that part of business generation evolving over the next few quarters and periods?
Julie Sweet: Our ecosystem partners are absolutely essential to our growth. I called them out in our script. We’re really proud to be the number one or number two partner, with all of the major ecosystem partners. And what we uniquely bring is, because of the strength of our relationships, we can really bring integrated value propositions to our clients. And so, those relationships are very high priority and to – and important to our future growth.
James Faucette: Thanks, Julie. Thanks, KC.
Julie Sweet: Thank you.
Angie Park: Operator, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Question on the outsourcing and operation strength, so you highlighted the AIG Shared Services deal this quarter, have you seen a pickup in captive acquisition opportunities that you’ve acted upon here over the last several quarters? And I’m curious how we should think about this mix contributing to your outperformance and the pipeline going forward?
Julie Sweet: Well, we’ve shared in prior calls that we do see more interest in captives. We’re starting to see us execute on some of them. But I think it’s too early to say whether that’s going to be a big part of the mix or not. For the reasons I’ve talked about, we can go in and help digitize. KC, do you want to add anything?
KC McClure: No. I would just say, in terms of what we see, in terms of the mix, for H2, we still see a double-digit growth in outsourcing. And for the full year, I think they will end up with high single to low double-digit positive growth in terms – to give you some sense of the mix.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just on H&PS and Financial Services, so those both clearly had outsized performance in the quarter. Can you just talk about the key contributors underlying those two?
KC McClureb: Yes. So, we were really pleased with H&PS and Financial Services growth this quarter. H&PS continues to be growth that we’ve seen in public service and the work that we’ve been doing during – not just only, but clearly led by a lot of the work that we’re doing within the COVID space. And then in financial services, we’re pleased that we do have strength in our banking and capital markets, and that’s a statement globally as it relates to – particularly – and not only in our business in Europe, but all over, including North America. So very strong performance in both of those, and we expect that to continue.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And it’s the things that are – it’s cloud, right. It’s – there is a big movement to cloud. It’s digital experience. It’s more like the example I gave in BBVA. It’s basically all the trends that we’ve talked about are playing out really across industry and financial services is one of the less – more moderate impacted industries, and they are investing.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you very much.
Julie Sweet: Okay, great. Well, thank you again for joining today. And thank you again to all of our incredible people around the globe. And as always, I just want to end by thanking our shareholders for your continued trust in us. May everyone stay well and healthy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-12-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instruction will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2021 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking, and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Today, we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for our first quarter. I will begin by thanking our 514,000 people for their hard work and dedication to delivering value for our clients, which is what these results represent. Last quarter, I shared that as we began our fiscal year 2021, we were turning a page, no longer navigating a crisis, but facing a new reality with a laser focus on delivering value to our clients at this time of great need and on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by the second-half of our fiscal year. I also shared how we began fiscal year 2021 stronger than pre-crisis. Our results in Q1 made clear how we have strengthened our market position, as well as our ability to pivot our business with agility. Not only have we delivered a strong quarter, but we took exciting new actions to continue to strengthen our market position for FY 2021 and the future. Let's start with our financial results. We delivered revenue growth of 2% in local currency, well ahead of our guidance with broad-based improvement across the globe. We continue to extend our leadership position with our growth estimated over the trailing four quarters to be more than four times the market, which refers to our basket of publicly traded companies. We delivered exceptionally strong new bookings of $12.9 billion, a 25% increase over Q1 last year, including 16 clients with over $100 million in bookings. We continued to invest substantially in our business, including closing 10 acquisitions this quarter in strategic areas, such as Cloud, Intelligent Operations and Industry X. And as KC will walk through, we delivered strong profitability and returned substantial cash to shareholders. Now, let me highlight the actions we've taken in Q1 to better serve our clients, attract the best talent and extend our leadership as a responsible business and trusted partner. We created Accenture Cloud First with the planned $3 billion three-year investment to help clients in what has become a once in a digital era replatforming of global business in the cloud. We launched our new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients and our largest and most significant new brand campaign in a decade. In our annual cycle in December, we promoted 605 Managing Directors with a record 39% women, and I appointed 663 Senior Managing Directors, including a record 29% women. I'm excited to announce today that we met our previous goal of 25% women Managing Directors globally by the end of 2020, and have raised the bar again, setting a new goal of 30% by the end of 2025. With 45% women overall, we are on track to meet our goal of 50-50 gender equality by 2025. We set external goals in the U.S., UK and South Africa to achieve greater race and ethnicity representation overall, and among Managing Directors in these countries by 2025. We remain the only major professional services company in our industry around the world, public or private to set these types of external goals and to have our level of transparency. We believe our diversity and commitment to inclusion and equality have been and will continue to be critical to our success and a differentiator into attracting the best talent. And building on our long-standing and well-recognized commitment to the environment, we announced industry-leading goals for 2025 to achieve net zero emissions, move to zero waste and plan for water risk. As you can see, we have been busy moving forward in our new reality. KC, over to you.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our overall results in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations and represent a positive first step to achieving our full-year objectives. The focused execution of our strategy continues to extend our leadership position in the marketplace, as we deliver significant value to our clients and our shareholders in an uncertain and volatile environment. So let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenues grew 2% in local currency and continue to include a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Q1 revenues were more than $200 million above our guided range, driven by broad-based over-delivery across markets, services and industries. We also continue to extend our leadership positions with growth significantly above the market. The diversity of our business continues to serve us well, and the industry trends remain consistent with the last few quarters. Approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted by the pandemic, and in aggregate continue to grow high single digits, with continued double-digit growth in public service, software platforms and life sciences. At the same time, we saw continued pressure but at a more moderate level from clients in highly impacted industries, which include: travel, energy, high-tech, including aerospace and defence, retail and industrial. While performance varied, this group represents over 20% of our revenues and declined low double digits. Our operating margin was 16.1% for the quarter, an increase of 50 basis points. We delivered expansion while making significant investments in our business and our people to extend our market leadership. We continue to benefit from lower spend on travel and events. And we delivered very strong EPS of $2.17, up 8% over fiscal 2020, after adjusting both years for gains on an investment. And finally, we delivered significant free cash flow of $1.5 billion and returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested approximately $500 million in acquisitions and we expect to invest at least $1.7 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $12.9 billion for the quarter, reflecting an overall book-to-bill of 1.1. Consulting bookings were $6.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $6.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. We were very pleased with our bookings this quarter, which grew 25%, driven by both technology services and operations. We were also pleased with the strength of our bookings in strategy and consulting, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Looking forward, we continue to feel very good about our pipeline. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $11.8 billion, a 4% increase in U.S. dollars and 2% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.3 billion, a decline of 1% in U.S. dollars and a decline of 2% in local currency, including a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.4 billion, up 9% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions, operations grew double digits, technology services grew mid-single digits, and strategy and consulting services declined low double digit. Turning to our geographic markets. The industry dynamics that I mentioned earlier continue to play out in a similar manner across all three markets. In North America, revenue growth was 4% in local currency. In Europe, revenue declined 1% in local currency. We saw mid-single digit growth in Italy, with UK improving to flat. In growth markets, we delivered 3% revenue growth in local currency, led by high single digit growth in both Japan and Australia. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.1%, compared with 32.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.4%, compared with 10.5% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.6%, compared to 6.1% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.9 billion for the first quarter, reflecting a 16.1% operating margin, up 50 basis points compared with Q1 last year. As a reminder, last year in fiscal '20, we’ve recognized an investment gain which impacted our tax rates and increased EPS by $0.08 in the quarter. This year in Q1, we again recognized investment gain which impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.15. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.7%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% for the first quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.17, compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.01 for the first quarter of last year. Days service outstanding work 38 days compared to 35 days last quarter and 43 days in Q1 of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.6 billion. Net of property and equipment additions of $93 million. Our cash balance at November 30th was $8.6 billion, compared with $8.4 billion in August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the first quarter, we’ve repurchased or redeemed 3.3 million shares for $769 million at an average price of $229.98 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately 5.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share for a total of $558 million. This represents a 10% increase over last year. And our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on February 12th, a 10% increase over the last year. So, in summary, we were very pleased with our Q1 results, and we're off to a good start in fiscal '21. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. Let me start with the environment. We saw in Q1 a broad base increase in demand that is faster than we anticipated 90 days ago. This means that as our clients have the confidence and ability to spend, they are turning to Accenture. But the uncertainty and volatility of the biggest health, economic and social crisis in our lifetimes remains, particularly as the world continues to face a deepening health impact pre-widespread vaccination. From an overall demand perspective, the trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate their digital transformation across their enterprises and move to the cloud, address cost pressures, build resilience and security, adjust their operations and customer engagement to a remote everything environment and changing expectations and find new sources of growth. What is becoming even more clear however, is that we are in an era of compressed transformation, in which the winners by industry will be those who are earliest to replatform their businesses in the cloud, and have the digital core and new ways of working that allows them to continuously improve their operations and find new sources of growth, which for most leading companies is requiring them to simultaneously transform multiple parts of their enterprises and their talent. For the pre-COVID digital leaders, they are racing to widen the gap, and for the digital laggards, they are racing to leapfrog. We are uniquely positioned to help the leaders and the laggards because of the depth and breadth of our capabilities. We bring the trust, experience, speed and scale that are essential to achieve compressed transformation. Now let's bring some of these demand trends to life through the lens of our Q1, and look at our own broad-based improvement. First, replatforming to the cloud. In fiscal year '20, our cloud revenue was approximately $12 billion with low double digit growth, which accelerated in Q1 with significantly higher double digit growth, driven by Accenture Cloud First. In fact, across low to highly impacted industries, and all geographic markets, we saw strong double digit growth, the race to replatform to the cloud and create new business value is clear across all our services. Our clients need our deep technical and engineering skills, and our unmatched set of relationships with the world's leading technology ecosystem companies, which are critical partners to us and to our clients. We were pleased that in Q1 industry analysts recognized us as the leading systems integrator for each of AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform, as well as the leading multi cloud managed services provider. Fundamental to accelerating our clients’ replatforming in the cloud, however, are our leading strategy and consulting capabilities, which give us the industry and functional insights to move rapidly and achieve early business value. For example, we are working with Takeda, a global values-based R&D-driven biopharmaceutical leader to modernize their technology platforms, including moving 80% of applications to the cloud, accelerate data services and establish an internal engine for innovation, while equipping employees with new skills and ways of working and reducing their carbon footprint. The business impact is illustrated by the plans for Takeda's plasma derived therapies business unit, which is harnessing the power of the cloud and these data services to create state-of-the-art digitally connected donation centers and modernize the donor experience, optimizing the plasma collection process, and contributing to the goal of increasing plasma collection and manufacturing by at least 65% by 2024. We are working with the Norwegian Health Net [ph] to create a health analytics platform, which is using the power of the cloud to analyze and interpret data, and ultimately improve patient outcomes, by reducing research turnaround times and access to data from months to a matter of minutes or days. And we are working with Generali, a major player in the global insurance industry to help replatform approximately 70% of its IT footprint to the cloud, to improve service quality, innovate and build a set of new cloud ready core insurance applications for emerging markets, while achieving a sustainable reduction in its total cost of ownership, and helping to upscale its workforce. In Intelligent Platform Services, which returned to low single digit growth this quarter, we saw building momentum fueled by our clients rotating to Software-as-a-Service, as well as new digital platforms. In a quick trip around the world, we see this compressed transformation playing out from the rapid transformation of the finance functions of Nickel Bank, a subsidiary of BNP Paribas, and a fast growing Neo-bank in France, with the implementation of leading software-as-a-service and ERP solutions, to the cloud based marketing transformation of a global bank with a large U.S. footprint with a SaaS implementation across its worldwide private banking network, to one of the largest implementations in the chemicals industry of a modern digital ERP system, hosted on the cloud for Indorama Ventures, a world class chemicals company with global operations headquartered in Asia, that will provide a single source of information globally, and cloud-based solutions to enhance its operations, employee development capabilities, and customer and supplier experiences. So that's the cloud. Now let's turn to digitizing operations across the Enterprise. In operations, which returned to double digit growth this quarter, we are helping our clients transform by digitizing their operations with our SynOps platform, increasing agility and reducing cost. Operations as-a-service that enables us to continue diversify our value to clients by expanding across functions and industries, we have an unmatched global footprint ability to invest an innovation engine powered by the broader Accenture. We were excited to welcome to the Accenture family this quarter N3, an Atlanta-based B2B sales firm, with more than 2,000 employees that combined specialized talent in AI and machine learning to enable smarter, more efficient sales interactions and drive sales growth in virtual environments. The power of Accenture's breadth and depth comes together at Halliburton, a leading provider of products and services to the energy industry, and a leader in driving true enterprise wide transformation enabled by digital and technology. Last quarter, we shared how we are helping Halliburton move to cloud-based digital platforms. This quarter, we announced that we are teaming with Halliburton to accelerate its digital supply chain transformation, and support digitization within Halliburton's manufacturing functions to improve service levels and business outcomes. We will leverage SynOps which we already use as part of Halliburton's digital transformation of its finance and accounting function, and our strategy and consulting expertise. In Industry X, we are digitizing manufacturing and operations and creating intelligent products and platforms. In fiscal year '20, Industry X was approximately $3 billion and grew low double digits, which is continued in Q1. We see COVID deepening the need to transform manufacturing in a contactless world with disrupted supply chains and greater cost pressures. One of our latest wins with that CNH Industrial, the manufacturer of capital goods across the agriculture, construction equipment and commercial vehicle sectors, where we are improving the global operating model to develop smart connected products and services that will grow revenue, while building a digitally enabled workforce and enhancing security and sustainability. Finally, let's look at the trends around new ways of engaging customers, patients, citizens and employees. In interactive, which is all about the business of experience, the crisis had a significant impact due to severe disruptions in industries like travel and retail, and due to our clients being focused on shoring up their experience of their businesses, rather than the next generation of experiences. This quarter we saw building momentum with a return to low single digit growth from a low single digit decline in H2 of FY'20 as clients focus on creating new experiences in the new environment. For example, Accenture Federal Services is working with the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board to reimagine retirement services for the digital age and improve the customer experience for a retirement savings plan serving 6.1 million civilian employees and members of the armed services with over $644 billion in assets. I want to take a moment to talk about another bold move we made this quarter. In October, we simultaneously launched a new purpose, our growth strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients, and a new brand campaign created by our own Droga5 team that joined our family in 2019. Our new purpose is to, deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Our purpose is what we are uniquely able to do and our growth strategy is our action plan to bring this purpose to life. Our strategy to deliver 360-degree value to our clients is a direct response to the rising demand we see for talent transformation, and help achieving responsible business goals. We define 360-degree value as delivering the financial business case experiences and unique value a client maybe seeking, and striving where possible to partner with our clients to achieve greater progress on inclusion and diversity, reskill their employees and achieve their sustainability goals. At the heart of this strategy is embedding responsible business by design into our work for clients in addition to our own operations. Our new brand, Let There Be Change, captures our purpose and the depth and breadth of Accenture's expertise. Together, our purpose, strategy and brand better reflect Accenture's unique role in helping companies reimagine and rebuild differently for the benefit of all. Over to you KC, for a look ahead.
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given the coronavirus pandemic, there are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact, the pace of the recovery, as well as those described in our most recent quarterly filings. Now, with that said, let me turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '21, we expect revenues to be in the range of $11.55 billion to $11.95 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 3% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '20, and reflects an estimated 1% to 4% in local currency and includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs. The entire range for Q2 reflects the continued build back of our business over Q1. For the full fiscal year '21, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 3% compared to fiscal '20. For the full fiscal '21, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 4% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal '20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel, based on a 2% reduction in the first-half of the year and no material impact in the second-half of the year. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal '21 to be 14.8% to 15.0%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '20 results. We continue to expect our annual adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20. For earnings per share, we now expect our full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in the range of $8.17 to $8.40. We now expect adjusted full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $8.02 to $8.25 or 8% to 11% growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results. For the full fiscal '21, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $6.65 billion to $7.15 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $6 billion to $6.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance continues to reflect a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $5.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Good morning, guys. Great to hear all of you and happy holidays. I would just ask my two right up-front. Looking at the utilization number of 93% in the quarter, I peeked back and that is the highest number you've reported in more than 10 years. So two questions, one more strategic and one more numbers related on that. I guess, first, can utilization be structurally higher now with the shift to remote work and so we should expect these kinds of levels going forward? Or are you kind of getting to the point that you're labor constrained and you're going to be ramping hiring and that number will come down a bit? That's the more, I guess, strategic question. And then maybe for KC, was higher utilization the primary driver of the 100 basis point increase in gross margins? Or is that also being affected by the reduction in travel costs? Thank you.
KC McClure: Okay. Hi, Lisa. Thanks for your question. Happy holidays. So maybe I'll start with your second question first. Just on gross margin. So we did have expansion in gross margin and there were a few drivers to that. The first is contract profitability was up this quarter. And in contract profitability, we did benefit from lower travel, so that does help our contract profitability overall. So that is the first thing, I would say, benefited our gross margin. And you do see that the fact that we have higher utilization also does help our gross margin as well. So both of those points were included in drivers of our gross margin. And when you look at utilization, we did have a very high productivity this quarter. It did click up in parts and that was pretty broad-based and that was also driven by our over-delivery of Q1 revenue. We did continue to recruit throughout the summer, and obviously into this quarter, you can see that our headcount is up sequentially. And so we don't see any issues meeting demand and attracting talent. And to your point on, is there a structural change from working remotely, the answer is really no. We were just able to get more productivity out of all of our groups this quarter. And looking forward, we do think that's going to kind of ease back into kind of a more normal range, which still is very high productivity, but not continuing at these levels.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Good results here. I want to just ask about the outlook here and what's changed in the last 90 days. I know you received – looking at revenue while you're up $200 million over your guidance, you overcame low-double-digit declines in strategy and in consulting. From a macro standpoint, we got what vaccines have been approved and cases are up, but your bookings are strong again. So I'm just trying to think you seem really well set up for the second-half to be quite strong, even if strategy and consulting comes back slowly. So do you feel more confident in the outlook for strategy and consulting? Or is the composition of work just changing versus what you thought maybe 90 days ago? Any thoughts on that?
KC McClure: Yes. So let me just talk a little bit about what drove our overperformance in Q1, and how that impacts our view of Q2 and H2, Tien-Tsin. So, when you look at Q1, we were obviously very pleased with our performance, and we have rather significant over-delivery against our expectations. And that was really driven by broad-based over-delivery, in all three of our markets, in all of our industry groups and all of our services all did a bit better. And as I mentioned in our script, when you take a look at the industries and the higher impacted industries, which represent over 20% of our revenues, they did improve from Q4 of a decline of mid-teens to low double digits. And as Julie talked quite a bit about the fact that that was really driven broad-based by our strong demand in cloud. And so that is an area that performed better than we expected. But if you also look at the lower impacted industries, which are 50% of our revenue, they continue to grow high single digits like Q4, but they actually did improve also within that sense. And so let me maybe connect this a little bit to how we did our sales this quarter. So we had a very strong start to the year, as you could see in our sales of $12.9 billion, which is about $2.5 billion more than what we've done in the last two quarter ones, last two fiscal years. And when you peel that back, Tien-Tsin, you can see that it was really driven by all categories of our sales side, so the large, which Julie highlighted that we have 16 clients over $100 million in sales, but all the way through and significantly driven by an improvement in our smaller deals, which came in better than we expected. And that can help us with revenue yield in the current quarter. So when I take a look at that, that's what happened with Q1. And then when you look at that compared to 90 days ago, obviously, that's better. And when you look at -- then what for Q2, we obviously have a better outlook for Q2 than we did 90 days ago with our 1% to 4% growth range. Really important to note that all of points in that range are an improvement over Q1. So we continue to build back our business from the lows of H2. And we would be really pleased with anywhere that we land in that range. Now, when you look at the second-half of the year, we haven't changed our views on the second-half of the year from 90 days ago. And just to be very specific, we still see that we would have high single-digit to low double-digit growth in the back-half of the year. And just as a reminder, the four factors that we talked about last quarter that we're going to drive that remain the same. And just very briefly, they are first, that we continue to expect an improvement in the macroeconomic environment. We don't see another -- we're not anticipating another macroeconomic shock that's built into our guidance. We expect to see more of a benefit from the significant transformational deals that we sold last year. And at the same time, to your question, we do expect strategy and consulting to reconnect with growth. And our performance in Q1 and our outlook for Q2 do encourage us even more on that statement this quarter. And the fourth thing is that we have the benefit of an easier compare that obviously remains the same. And we are also still going to anniversary the reimbursable revenue headwind, that's 2% in the first-half of the year and that won't be a headwind in the back-half of the year. So, of course, we're still meeting with our clients, you can see that by the fact that we were able to book $27 billion in the last two quarters. But we are not planning on having significant increases in revenue related to travel in the back-half of the year. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we see the business compared to what is stay the same now from 90 days ago, which is our outlook in H2. But obviously, we're very pleased with the improvements and performance in Q1 and outlook for Q2 than we had 90 days ago.
Julie Sweet: And, Tien-Tsin, let me just kind of give you a little more color from the clients’ perspective, because -- and this is what I talked a little bit about in my script, right?. If you just sort of remember, pre-COVID, we said we were in the early innings of transformation with the beginning of the decade, it’d be enterprise-wide, right? COVID hits, technology becomes the lifeline. And you really see companies understanding kind of the two truths of our world, right? There is - every business is now a technology business and exponential technology change is going to continue, right? And now it's about the speed. And this is why we're seeing what I'm calling compressed transformation, where you continue to see companies say we are going to take on this transformation more broadly. So look at the example of Takeda. They're both moving to the cloud, improving their data and making sure that they're getting near-term business value. You take a Halliburton, cloud, finance, supply chain. So there's this speed of change and we see that in the confidence. We're nine months in now. The first part of the crisis, people were getting their footing, getting back up and running. And it's interesting, we did some research in July across 10 markets and nearly 80% of the executives that we surveyed said that they were planning on investing in digital transformation. And that was up from 50% in May. And we're continuing just to see this recognition of the need to get there faster. And then what's important to understand is that, all of this is happening, though, in the context of the cost pressures, the changing expectations. And this is where a decade and in some cases multiple decades of investment from Accenture has put us in a very unique position, because no other company in our industry can simultaneously do operations and that help a company reduce their supply chain in their finance function and reduce costs and digitize. At the same time, we're helping them migrate to the cloud and give them that view, which because all of this has interdependencies. You want to get end-to-end process change. And we have literally been building these capabilities for years and years. And this is where the scale and the breadth matter.
Tien-Tsin Huang: It sounds very clear. I appreciate for the complete answer, guys, here, and it seems like the outlook is set up pretty well here. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Neill from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew O'Neill: Yes, thank you so much for taking my question. I was hoping we could drill down a little bit deeper into Accenture Cloud First, I think it's just on 90 days since the formal announcement. Curious, understanding a lot of sort of anecdotes in the prepared remarks around Takeda, Halliburton, et cetera. But where you're seeing the most immediate need to deploy the $3 billion that you identified for an investment, earliest and first? And sort of mirroring that where the greatest demand is coming from the client side, understanding, there's kind of a broad-based, I think COVID-driven catalyst to potentially get off the fence and move one's business to become fully digital cloud, et cetera, et cetera?
Julie Sweet: Sure. So, Matthew, thanks for the question. So maybe just take, let's just first start why our companies having to accelerate faster to the cloud. And there's a few clear reasons. So first of all, there's a cost pressure, because when they move to the cloud, there's immediate savings just in the migration and there's obviously to get that kind of savings. Second, the cloud is really important for resilience and security. And in this current environment in particular, you can see why that matters. The crisis really exposed the vulnerabilities of a lot of the on premise IT estates. And then that has been compounded, of course, by the expansion of the threat surface through more remote working. And so the resilience and security of the cloud is also an immediate driver as to the need to do that. What I would say is probably most important and really the rapid acceleration is the need for the power of the cloud to enable the data driven transformations. And so you saw that in the example that we gave, with Takeda, where they're changing the customer experience, which requires near real time access to data in order to personalize and to be able to actually do that. And what I think is very unique, I know is very unique about Accenture is that this is where our strategy and consulting capabilities are so important, because the reason to go to the cloud is not simply cost and resilience and security, it's about the business value. And here's how we're helping clients get early business value. And you have to deeply understand the industry, the patients, the customer, and also what data is valuable among all of the data and which workloads go first. And so, it really is driven by all of these things at once, which is why our capabilities around changed management, around talent transformation and leadership are important, because, by the way, everybody wants to go higher at cloud talent in this thing. And so, it's not going to be enough available to our ability to reskill, which you saw in each of these examples that we gave in the script like Generali and Takeda is also a critical. So that's sort of the big picture. Now, when you think about where we're going to do investment, we talked about we did 10 acquisitions this quarter, four of them were in cloud. They were in each of our three markets and they were about building scale for the most part in more markets. And so, as we think about the acquisition strategy which will be a big component of the $3 billion, it's about building scale and markets around the world as well as acquiring niche capabilities. The second big area of that $3 billion investment though, is creating more and more of the assets that will allow our clients to move quickly. Everything from the myNav asset that we talked about, that does a fast diagnostic with benchmarks to help clients figure out what kind of a strategy to have and how to get value to the migrating navigate advisor that helps you figure out the reduction in carbon, to the industry blueprints that we're creating, and the solutions that are repeatable like in digital manufacturing on the cloud. So this will be an important part of our continued investment. And again, it really comes right back to -- no other company has both these deep engineering and infrastructure skills, the deep relationships. And then the strategy and consulting capabilities to actually move industries to the cloud to create business value solutions. And you don't build that overnight. We have been building our strategy and consulting business for decades. We have been an early adopter for cloud for decades. And let's not forget, we're our own best credential when it comes to all of these capabilities.
Matthew O'Neill: That's really helpful and interesting. I guess, as a quick follow-up, I was just curious, you mentioned in the script Droga5 acquisition and more broadly Accenture Interactive. And wondering if there's significant sort of cross sell and upsell opportunity as you integrate more assets like Droga5 and present a more comprehensive suite to both the existing and new clients for things that they might not have maybe originally known or thought of Accenture for first and foremost. Is that a part of the equation here?
Julie Sweet: Absolutely. And when you think about Accenture Interactive, like we are doing amazing work like our own brand and purpose work for ourselves via again our best credential. But what these capabilities bring is we're actually embedding them in all of our services. Our clients come to us for outcomes and experience is a really important part of it. Again, when you think about the work we are doing with Prudential that we talked about last quarter, that was fundamentally a different way of engaging with the customer. Takeda, a different way of engaging with the donor, the researchers in the Norway example about how they're going to engage. We are embedding this experience, and how to do that in all of our work, and so that's why I often talk about, I know you all certainly look at our services, separately our four services, our clients look at our outcomes. And what differentiates us is our ability to embed the business of experience across Accenture, as well as going to market of course, like a Droga5 that continues to do amazing, pure work in terms of brand for example.
Matthew O'Neill: Thanks so much. Really helpful. Thinking about that in the context of sort of experience and outcome. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on bookings. Was there anything pulled forward in bookings relative to your prior expectation? Or do you still anticipate a building cadence for the year? And can you comment on bookings conversion pace and considering the outperformance you've had the last two quarters. I'm just curious how you're seeing the pace of these larger transformational engagements?
KC McClure: Yes, thanks. We were really pleased with our bookings this quarter. As I mentioned, they did grow 25%, and as you just pointed out, and I mentioned as well, we did have a stronger Q1 than we had in the last two years. If you peel that back it's really because the demand, again, which was very broad-based. It was really also driven by cloud, which we've talked a lot about Industry X security. So they're also aligned to our strategic priorities. If you look at it, what drove the strength in bookings, again, broad base, when you look at it by type of work. We have particular strengths in outsourcing, that really was up quite a bit with very strong book-to-bill. But, within the 16 clients that we booked over $100 million, they were represented, what I liked about that is by outsourcing as well as consulting type work, it was a nice mix, all five of our industry groups were in there too. So again, it points to very broad-based. And if you look at the services, again, no surprise based on cloud, security and Industry X tech services, very strong. And I mentioned, I just want to highlight again, that we are pleased with our progress in strategy and consulting, they had a 1.1 book-to-build in the quarter. So, overall, we felt really pleased. And as it relates to kind of what we see ahead, we feel very good about our pipeline. And if you're taking on the question about conversion or revenue yield in bigger deals, we did see that our bookings were strong across all parts of our sales, large all the way through, but particularly to the smaller deals, and they do yield more revenue in the current quarter. So that's also true. And then as you see -- when you look really at our duration, it's not that the duration of the bookings in themselves have changed, it's really more of the services that are in the mix. So, as we have more strategy and consulting bookings coming online, they obviously tend to be of a shorter duration. So nothing's really changed in the duration of each of our individual services. It's really more of the mix of the bookings within each quarter.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And so next quarter, we expect a very nice, very strong quarter in bookings.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then just over the last several years, you've had special businesses here that competitors have not that have enabled you to grow faster than the market. I'm thinking about operations and interactive specifically, as critical growth engines. From here, do you anticipate a rotation of the growth engine? So is Cloud First and Industry X, are those the new engines that you expect to drive above market? I'm just curious, how you consider those now relative to competitors that are also heavily investing in those areas. And doing so earlier today than they did around interactive before?
KC McClure: Sure, great question. So let me just start with, we have been investing in cloud for a decade, which is a very hard to replicate. And so we start with a $12 billion business that is growing strong double digits. So we would expect to continue to take market share there. And in this environments, where you have a rapid acceleration, and you're moving mission critical workloads, we would expect to continue to differentiate, because of our decades of experience and our relationships with the world's leading technology ecosystem players. So cloud will continue to be a big trend. Think about Industry X, and we've talked about this now for some time, it's kind of the next Accenture Interactive. And as you know, we've been investing in Industry X for some time. The COVID, what we're seeing the early signs of is that like in other areas, Industry X is we think going to accelerate over the next couple of years, because that was still a newer part of the enterprise that was being digitized the manufacturing and operations space. But as we now need to have like, a lot of health concerns about can you do manufacturing in a more contactless way, the supply chains have been disrupted. And so we have said, for some time Industry X is going to be the next growth engine. And the early signs are is that it's likely to be accelerating as well. So we'll see how that continues to play out. And remember, Accenture Interactive is an ongoing growth engine. I mean, we have three big platforms. You have the move to the cloud, which then has the data and the business value innovation on top. So it's not just moving there, it's everything that comes. And so that is an early innings, 20% into the cloud, but it's not just about the move, it's our unique ability to create business value to access the data and you're seeing that in the examples of what we're doing. This depends on where you are on that journey. So that is an ongoing platform for waves and waves of instant growth. The second being everything we do around intelligent operations, our operations business, our ability to move to modern digital platforms like what we talked about in IPS today. So that, again, provides we're early innings in the digitization of operations. And then Accenture Interactive, the business of experience that's an ongoing business in terms of that will always have to continue to evolve. And so, we see that the impact of the COVID crisis, we're starting to move out of that and building momentum. We continue to expect that to be a growth engine. And once again, this is where you can't make up for quickly the scale that we've achieved, because we've been investing for years and creating these capabilities. And then finally, you have this area of Industry X, and not to mention security and data, which will all continue to be of growing engines for us.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Good morning, guys, and congrats on the solid results. I wanted to ask on Interactive, just trying to understand the trajectory there. What did it kind of do in the fourth quarter? Did it even turn negative growth? And then now it's at low single, so does it kind of move up from here? I know there's been a lot of questions before on Interactive, given would that business be weaker during kind of a slowdown and it looks like it's hanging in there. So just curious on the trajectory where it was last quarter and kind of what you expect it to do throughout the year?
KC McClure: Yes, so in each two so kind of a whole six months, it was a low single digit decline, and now we're in a low positive growth rate. And it's building momentum. So, for example, we're helping a big European bank with their digital sales, new things. So everyone's now starting to kind of reconnect with new experiences.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And then just on the other strategic priority on security, low double digit growth, is that about the right growth rate for that, too? Or does that also accelerate as we get into the back-half when we see the pickup in the growth rates?
KC McClure: Look, I think on security, we're super pleased with that about double digit growth. So, whether it's going to be low or strong, it'll probably ebb and flow. But the consistency of that double digit growth in security has been impressive to-date, and we continue to see that to be the trajectory. Thanks.
Angie Park: Great. Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay, that question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask, you mentioned that you have some targets for M&A this year. From a spend perspective, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a valuation perspective and how we should expect those to contribute to growth in the coming fiscal year or during the current fiscal year and beyond? And what kind of areas you're targeting more specifically?
KC McClure: Yes, thanks. So in terms of our D&A, we expect to spend at least $1.7 billion and there's no change to what we started out at the beginning of the year, the 2% expectation of additional revenue growth for this year. And it's aligned to really a lot of our all of our strategic priorities that we went through.
James Faucette: And then thinking about that and I realized look that's consistent with what you've said before. But I'm just wondering how we should project that then into the future? Is this kind of the right level of acquisitions for Accenture? Or should we expect that to grow? Or do you think we're in a peak period? Just trying to think about that part of capital allocation. Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So we've always aimed around 20%, 25% of our operating cash flow in our capital allocation program to be for D&A. But we've always had the ability and we continue to have the ability to do more should any opportunity arise. So there's really no change to how we view D&A of our capital allocation. Thanks.
James Faucette: Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Great. So thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. We're very pleased with our strong start in fiscal '21. Thank you again to our incredible people across the globe. And thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust. Best wishes to all for a safe, healthy and joyful holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-09-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions].  And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and the balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2021. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Fiscal '20 results demonstrate the relevance of our growth strategy, the resilience of our business and our people, our operational rigor and discipline, the power of the relationships we have with the world's leading companies and ecosystem partners and our ability to pivot rapidly to meet the needs of our clients and new ways of operating. Fiscal year '20 also demonstrated the unique advantages of our long track record of focusing on being a responsible business, from our commitment to inclusion and diversity that has helped make us an innovation-led company, to our focus on investing in our people and their skills, to the way we live our core values, all of which help make us the trusted partner that our clients have turned to in the face of the ongoing global health, economic and social crisis. And if there was ever any doubt, we clearly demonstrated that scale matters. We are unique in our industry for the scale of our digital, cloud and security capabilities, and for our leadership in all the services critical to building a company's digital core, transforming its operations, and accelerating growth with our four services of strategy and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, as well as our deep industry experience and data and artificial intelligence capabilities, and we are also unique in the scale we have with large client relationships and across 13 industry groups with a global footprint. This scale has been core to our resilience in the second half of FY '20. Let me share a few highlights. We are now approximately 70% in "the New"- digital, cloud, and security, just when the need for these services, already high, accelerated dramatically as a result of COVID-19. In fact, in FY '21, we will no longer measure "the New" as "the New" is now our core. And as of March 1, with the new growth model, we have embedded digital everywhere. We will continue to share color on our growth drivers, including cloud and security as we continue to invest in these large, high-growth market opportunities.  We ended FY '20 with 216 Diamond clients, which represent our largest client relationships, a net increase of 15 over the prior year. We transitioned seamlessly to our new growth model with a new global management committee to increase our agility in bringing together the power of our multiservice teams to our clients and to create greater opportunities for our people. And the new model and team successfully passed a challenging test, navigating the pandemic and emerging stronger. More on that later. We committed to stronger bookings in Q4, and we delivered with our second highest bookings ever in the fourth quarter, finishing the year with a record $50 billion of sales. In FY '20, we continued to increase our investments for the future at scale with $1.5 billion in acquisitions, $871 million in R&D in our assets, platforms and solutions, including growing our portfolio of patents and pending patents to over 7,900 and delivering a 6% increase in training hours for our 500,000 people, while reducing our training cost by 11% to $866 million due to our digital learning platforms. We are now 45% women, on track for our 2025 goal of a 50-50 gender balance. And this month, we announced ambitious new goals to increase our African-American and Black and Hispanic American and Latinx communities in the U.S. And despite the unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, with the pandemic declared only a few days before we had to give guidance for Q3, we called it like we saw it for each of Q3 and Q4 and delivered within our guidance. For the full year, we delivered either within or above our guided range and continued to deliver growth ahead of market modest margin expansion and record free cash flow. Our resilience begins with an exceptional leadership team and our incredibly talented and dedicated people. Before I turn over to KC, I want to thank each of them for what has truly been an exceptional year that we should all be proud of. KC, over to you.
Kathleen McClure: Thank you, Julie, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. We were pleased with our overall results in the fourth quarter, which were within our guided range and aligned to our expectations. Our results reinforce our distinctive position in the marketplace and reflect the diversity of our business. Once again, these results illustrate Accenture's unique ability to run our business with discipline and deliver significant value for our shareholders in an uncertain environment. So, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights of the quarter. Revenues declined 1% in local currency, in line with our guided range. This includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Importantly, aligned with our growth imperatives, we continued to take significant market share for both the quarter and the year. The diversity of our business continues to serve us well. From an industry perspective, consistent with last quarter, approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted from the pandemic and, in aggregate, grew high-single digits with continued double-digit growth in Public Service, Software & Platforms, and Life Sciences. At the same time, as we expected, we saw continued pressure from clients in highly impacted industries, which include travel; retail; energy; high tech, including aerospace and defense; and industrial. While performance varied, this group collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined mid-teens. Operating margin was 14.3%, an increase of 10 basis points for the quarter and the full year. We continue to drive sustainable margin expansion while making significant investments in our business and our people to extend our market leadership. We continue to benefit from lower spend on travel, meetings, and events. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $3 billion, which surpassed our expectations, driven by superior DSO management. Now let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were $14 billion for the quarter, our second highest on record and reflect 9% growth with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Consulting bookings were $6.5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings of $7.5 billion were a record with a book-to-bill of 1.5. Bookings continue to be dominated by strong demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 70% of our new bookings. We were very pleased that we delivered on our expectations of strong bookings this quarter, and they came in as we expected with strong bookings in technology and operations and lower bookings in strategy and consulting. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $10.8 billion, a 1% decline in local currency and 2% decline in U.S. dollars, including a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $5.7 billion, a decline of 8% in both local currency and U.S. dollars, which includes a reduction of approximately 3% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Outsourcing revenues were $5.2 billion, up 7% in local currency and 6% in U.S. dollars. Digital, cloud, and security-related services grew low-single digits. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Operations grew high single digits. Technology services grew mid-single digits. And strategy and consulting services declined low teens. Before I give color on our markets, the industry dynamics that I have mentioned previously played out in a similar fashion across all 3. In North America, revenue growth was flat in local currency. In Europe, revenue declined 5% in local currency. We saw mid-single-digit growth in Italy, slight growth in Germany, with continued declines in the U.K. In the Growth Markets, we delivered 3% revenue growth in local currency, led by double-digit growth in Japan and high single-digit growth in Brazil. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 31.8% compared with 31.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.6%, consistent with the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expenses was 6.8% compared to 6.2% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.3% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q4 last year. Before I continue, I'd like to highlight an investment gain that impacted our tax rate and increased EPS by $0.29 for the fourth quarter and $0.43 for the full year. Of this $0.43 gain, $0.27 was factored into the full year EPS guidance provided in June, and a quarterly reconciliation can be found on our website. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 26.6% for the fourth quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.70 compared to EPS of $1.74 in the fourth quarter last year. For the full fiscal year, adjusted earnings per share were $7.46, which was $0.03 above our adjusted guidance range for the year. Days service outstanding were 35 days compared to 41 days last quarter and 40 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $3 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $3.2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $189 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $8.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.6 million shares for $590 million at an average price of $225.25 per share. Also in August, we paid our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $509 million. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.88 per share to be paid on November 13, a 10% increase over last year, and approved $5 billion of additional share repurchase authority. Reflecting our results for the full year. We started with strong momentum in the first half and quickly adjusted and reset with the onset of the pandemic. We delivered approximately $50 billion in new bookings, reflecting a 10% increase over last year, setting 2 record highs this year. We continued to provide guidance on our business throughout the year and, importantly, delivered revenues within our guided range at 4%, significantly taking market share. We delivered on our commitment of margin expansion even with lower top line growth and fully continued all elements of our capital allocation, with $1.5 billion of investments in acquisitions, a record $7.6 billion of free cash flow and returned $5 billion of cash to shareholders, exceeding our outlook provided last September. In closing with fiscal year '20 behind us, we are proud of how we managed our business and delivered for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities in what was truly an unprecedented fiscal year. And we feel really good about our positioning for fiscal '21. Now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. From an overall demand perspective, the trends that we discussed last quarter are continuing. Companies need to accelerate their digital transformation across their enterprises and move to the cloud; address cost pressures, which vary by industry but are universal; build resilience; adjust their operations and customer engagement to a remote-everything environment; and find new sources of growth. Now I will give you a little more color on the depth and breadth of our ability to deliver value to our clients in this environment through the lens of some of our 17 clients with new bookings over $100 million in Q4. Then I will turn to fiscal year '21. Diebold Nixdorf, a global leader in services, software and hardware for the banking and retail industries, and Accenture have extended a strategic agreement to accelerate Diebold Nixdorf's multiyear digital and cloud transformation program, which includes streamlining its finance, human resource, IT and sales systems. The collaboration will unlock approximately $50 million of incremental savings through 2023, while improving business productivity, consolidating operations and enabling investment in innovation and growth opportunities. Prudential Financial, a financial wellness leader and premier active global investment manager, has entered into an agreement with Accenture to transform its group insurance operating model by redesigning its processes, operations and technology to create simple, intuitive interactions between brokers, customers and employees that enhance financial wellness. New digital solutions designed by Accenture Interactive and powered by artificial intelligence and analytics from our SynOps platform and our operations team will provide more data-driven, seamless and human-centered experiences in onboarding, billing and claims processes, enhancing user satisfaction and, ultimately, revenue growth. Halliburton, a leading global provider of products and services to the energy industry, Accenture and Microsoft entered into a 5-year strategic agreement to advance Halliburton's digital capabilities in Microsoft Azure. Halliburton will complete its move to cloud-based digital platforms, drive additional business agility, reduce capital expenditures and strengthen its customer offerings as well as achieve sustainability benefits by migrating all of its physical data centers to Azure. A leading global automotive company has selected Accenture to migrate 55% of its applications over 18 months to the cloud, working with its ecosystem partners for the public cloud, AWS and GCP, and HPE for its hybrid cloud. This work will address both cost pressures and the need to transform their IT infrastructure to address obsolescence and provide digital experiences. These examples are noteworthy for their diversity across industries, complexity requiring multiservice teams, strong ecosystem partnerships and using our assets, platforms and solutions. And many involve us delivering what we call 360-degree value, because we are creating agility, helping reskill our clients' employees or helping reduce their carbon footprint to the move to the cloud in addition to delivering clear financial value. And stepping back for a moment. Our clients were being impacted by unprecedented change before COVID-19. Then came COVID-19, giving a whole new meaning to unprecedented and requiring our clients to change virtually every aspect of their business faster than ever before, and they are turning to us to help embrace that need for change and become stronger. Turning to fiscal year '21. Our own formula for market leadership is enduring. We continually transform our business and embrace change to create more value for our clients with incredibly talented people. We view fiscal year '21 as turning a page. We are no longer navigating a crisis. We are facing a new reality, and we plan on returning to pre-COVID growth rates by the second half of this fiscal year, and we are ready. We are emerging from the second half of fiscal year '20 stronger than when we entered, which was our strategy. As a leadership team, we set five measures of what stronger means, and we have met each of them. First, did we grow market share faster than pre-COVID? Check. We grew at approximately 4x the market in H2 as compared to 2x the market in H1. And as a reminder, when we say market, we were referring to our basket of publicly traded companies. Second, did we execute on our big deal pipeline in H2 despite the crisis, which would be a proxy for enhancing our role as the trusted transformation partner? Check. In fact, we had 3 more clients with over $100 million of bookings in H2 compared to H1 of this year.  Third, did we capture new growth opportunities? Check. We have had substantial new bookings in the health and public sector, such as the 10 states in the U.S. where we are doing contact tracing in remote collaboration services as well as cloud, security, supply chain and digital manufacturing, which helped offset a portion of the severe impact on some of our clients. Fourth, did we continue to invest in our business and our people? Check. Not only did we invest significantly in our business and increase our training hours, but we also created the capacity to pay our people meaningful bonuses for fiscal year '20 performance and are planning for a significant level of promotions in our upcoming December promotion cycle. And all of this, we believe, will distinguish us from our competitors. And finally, fifth, did we continue to deliver consistently on our shareholder commitments? Check. And we also reduced structural costs through our new growth model and took to accelerate our fiscal year '21 usual level of performance management-related exits of around 5% each fiscal year so that we are preserving our talented workforce for the future while positioning ourselves for modest margin expansion and continued investment in our business in fiscal year '21. Before KC gives you more details on our FY '21 outlook, I want to touch on Accenture Cloud first, which is an example of how we anticipate client needs and then act at speed and at scale. Last week, we announced the creation of Accenture Cloud First and a $3 billion investment over 3 years, which will be funded by prioritizing our expected investments across the business. Accenture Cloud First is a new multiservice group of 70,000 cloud professionals with more than 100,000 people providing cloud-related services, which brings together the full power and breadth of Accenture's industry and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships and deep commitment to upskilling clients' employees and to responsible business with the singular focus of enabling organizations to move to the cloud with greater speed and achieve greater value for all their stakeholders at this critical time.  We have been building our cloud capabilities for the last decade and are a leader with approximately $12 billion in cloud revenue for FY '20, growing double digits, which includes our SaaS capabilities delivered through our Intelligent Platform Services business. This positioned us well to recognize that COVID-19 has created a new inflection point that requires every company to dramatically accelerate the move to the cloud as a foundation for digital transformation to build the resilience, new experience and products, trust, speed and structural cost reduction that the ongoing health, economic and societal crisis demands and that a better future for all requires. Post-COVID leadership requires that every business become a cloud-first business, quickly moving from today's approximately 20% in the cloud to 80%. This is a "once in a digital era" massive replatforming of global business. Accenture Cloud First works seamlessly with our Intelligent Platform Services, which focuses on our SaaS capabilities, which are an important part of replatforming global businesses. Recent wins include working with a leading consumer goods manufacturer on a global deployment of SAP S/4HANA, initially focusing on their central finance system and building a new digital backbone for the entire supply chain in China from purchasing to direct-to-consumer sales; working with the U.S. Air Force to establish a new cloud-based common infrastructure for its Oracle Enterprise Resources Planning program; working with a bank on the integration of their front office operations and enhancing customer relationships powered by Salesforce; and working with a top higher education research institution to implement Workday to transform their HR capabilities, to drive real-time data analytics and become a strategic partner across the organization. And ServiceNow is another digital platform that is critical. For example, for a public service agency, we collaborated with ServiceNow to rapidly implement a cloud-enabled workflow solution, enabling millions of citizens to access government services while complying with dynamic pandemic health safety guidelines. Now over to you, KC.
Kathleen McClure: Thanks, Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given the coronavirus pandemic, there are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact, the pace of recovery as well as those described in our most recent quarterly filings. With that said, let me now turn to our business outlook.  For the first quarter of fiscal '21, we expect revenues to be in the range of $11.15 billion to $11.55 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about a positive 1.5% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '20. It also reflects an estimated negative 3% to flat growth in local currency and includes a reduction of approximately 2 percentage points from a decline in revenue from reimbursable travel costs. For the full fiscal year '21, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately positive 2% compared to fiscal '20. For the full fiscal '21, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 2% to 5% growth in local currency over fiscal '20, including approximately negative 1% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel based on a 2% reduction in the first half of the year and no material impact in the second half of the year.  A couple of key points that are helpful to understand our guidance. We expect our growth will be lower in H1, with Q1 and Q2 ranges being similar, and we expect we will reconnect with higher growth in H2 in the range of high single digits to low double digits. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '21 to be 14.8% to 15%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '20 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.9% in fiscal '20. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '21 to be in the range of $7.80 to $8.10 and or 5% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal '20 results.  For the full fiscal '21, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $6.35 billion to $6.85 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.7 billion to $6.2 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $5.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I wanted to -- you gave a lot of good information here. It sounds like strategy and consulting services saw the biggest rate of change exiting the year, a little bit more pressure. I know operations improved. So I'm curious on the visibility and the outlook for strategy and consulting in fiscal '21. I presume that's going to see probably a nice recovery in the second half, based on your comments there. And are you over-indexed at all in strategy and consulting to some of the industries impacted by the pandemic?
Kathleen McClure: Thanks, Tien-Tsin, for your question. So let me talk about what we see for growth in strategy and consulting, and then Julie can pass on some additional color. So first thing I would say is that when we look at strategy and consulting, we really do see that it's held up in this environment, because it really is critical to our differentiation in the places where our clients are continuing to invest. And if we look at the actual results, strategy and consulting, they came in really as we expected in Q4. And you're right, it does follow a very similar pattern from an industry perspective, Tien-Tsin, where we see pressure in strategy and consulting in the most highly impacted industries in the market.  Now in terms of the dynamics for growth, we see the same dynamics in the first quarter essentially that we're seeing from an industry perspective in strategy and consulting growth in the first quarter as we saw in the fourth quarter, and that should play out pretty similar in the first half. But we do see recovery and reconnecting with growth in the back half of the year. Let me just hand it over to Julie for some more comments.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Tien-Tsin, I think what's important -- so in other words, we're not over-indexed in strategy and consulting versus the rest of our business and industries, and so how it's kind of worked with sort of 20% in severe industries, et cetera. As I talked about last quarter, right, when you think about strategy and consulting, it's a huge differentiator in sort of these transformational deals, and I'll talk about that in a minute.  And then, as I said, the leading companies right now are very focused. So some of the smaller work that you would do to sort of incubate and to start doing things, companies are saying and we're telling companies, focus on the big rocks that you need to do, right. And so, what's playing out in the market isn't about sort of a weakness in strategy and consulting. It's a reflection of how our clients are thinking about their businesses and what they need. So, I'm actually quite pleased with how well strategy and consulting is holding up.  And the thing that's the most important is that this is how we're delivering 17 clients with over $100 million bookings, because each of these big transformations, like require this deep understanding of industry and functions. And you see that in other places.  For example, the Bank of England, we announced a deal there where we're helping them with their high-value payments infrastructure to support resilience and innovation, right. Digital payments and instant payments were huge before the crisis. As you know, it's changed dramatically. And because we understand the industry, we have cross-industry expertise in how digital payments are being used, right, as well as the understanding of data and the technology, those things come together to create this new system that improves resiliency, customer experience, access to data and end-to-end risk management. No one can do that, right, with all of those skills but [audio disturbance] anything? Maybe next question.
Angie Park: Next question is from Lisa.
Operator: Lisa Ellis of MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Yes, following up a little bit on -- well, a related question to Tien-Tsin's question about consulting. Can you talk a little bit about -- just looking like, obviously, revenue is down in the quarter, but then bookings and consulting very strong. I guess a follow-up on that is what are you seeing clients kind of commit to in the current environment on the consulting side of things? Like meaning, what's their willingness to commit on these kind of new, more strategic projects in the current environment? I'll leave it there, and then I have a follow-up.
Julie Sweet: So Lisa, and again, and I know all of you guys think very much about strategy and consulting and then the technology and operations separately. But in fact, as I've said consistently, including pre-COVID, we really think about our services together. But let me just give you an example of one of the most severely impacted industries, energy.  So last week, I'm with the CEO and the leadership team of one of our major clients, and the meeting goes like this: The first part of the meeting is, thank you very much, Accenture, for helping us save money in finance and accounting operations because we lowered what they needed to create some -- help them with their cost pressures.  Then the next part of the meeting is all about the IT modernization that we signed during Q3, right, which includes strategy and consulting. It includes our application outsourcing, maintenance. And it includes other technology services, right. And that was about -- because they have to continue to build their digital core, they need -- it's helping them with cost, but it's also about moving to the cloud. It's about creating those capabilities.  Then the third part of the meeting was around some pilots that we're trying to shape with them that include -- that are -- it's driven by strategy and consulting, where the criteria is we need to turn them faster. So there's small pilots all about innovation, right. But the criteria we're helping them say is, well what should we do that will get more return, right, because they've got to balance, right.  So again, we think about this as what are the needs of the client and how do we bring these services to deal with their short term, their longer-term transformation and also thinking very quickly about how they can innovate to get nearer-term returns. Does that help kind of bring that together in terms of how they're thinking?
Lisa Ellis: Yes. Yes. And then my follow-up, this is a kind of broader industry question. But we're looking at -- we typically think of Accenture, given your scale, as sort of a bellwether for the industry, and we are looking at kind of historical times in history when we've seen this bifurcation between IT spending and GDP. And you're running kind of flattish on revenues, which is very impressive given that GDP is running down mid- to high-single digits. And those times in the history have always been when there's been like a really big disruption on the technology side: the Internet, personal computers, whatnot. Do you feel like -- and this is again a question because I know you're in client meetings all day every day. Do you feel like the shift to digital happening right now because of the pandemic is kind of similar to those situations and that we're seeing sort of that level of dislocation or change at the enterprise level in terms of their investments in technology?
Julie Sweet: Yes. And Lisa, that's exactly what's happening. Because remember, before crisis, there was exponential technology change, right. I mean, just in January, we were talking about the big inflection point. Remember, it was back in 2013 that we first said every business is a digital business. So that was happening pre-COVID.  What COVID has done -- we thought it would take a decade. It's now shortened to what we think is more like five years. That's why we announced Accenture Cloud First last week, because we think this is right now the "once in a digital era" moment where we are rapidly moving to a complete replatforming of global business, right. It is hugely significant and that's why having invested since 2014 when we first created digital in these capabilities is what's helping us, as you say, do so well in this incredibly difficult challenging macro environment.
Angie Park: Great. Thank you, Lisa.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I just had kind of a two-part question, so maybe I'll ask it upfront. Just if we look at the growth in "the New" here in Q4, it was up low single digits, and it was less of a premium in the growth rate there relative to the overall corporate growth than we saw last quarter. So I just wanted to get a sense of whether or not that was in line with your expectations.  And then can you just more broadly comment like across consulting and outsourcing, what you're seeing in terms of the pace of converting bookings to revenue? And how that's factoring into your thought process, especially for the outlook in the first half of fiscal '21.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. Let me cover the first question. In terms of the growth of "the New", so it did hold up very well, and it really came in as we had expected, right. So remember, "the New" now is 70% of our business. And when we talked about "the New" and you remember this well when we put this in, the point of it really was to make sure that we were resilient in the pace of change. And if you go through and look back at what we did in 2015, where it's 1/3 of the business, it's now 70% of our business. And that really has provided us with a position of strength in which we were able then to -- when we talked about our new growth model in March 1, that we embedded digital everywhere. So that's all now the core of our business. So we did come in where we expected it to be. And overall, we feel very good about our positioning in "the New."  So on the second question around how are things kind of bleeding into -- I think your question is more, how are bookings bleeding into our revenue? So let me just cover that in terms of maybe, first, looking at our bookings in terms of the mix. So if you look at the mix of what we're selling, which was very strong in the fourth quarter, $14 billion of bookings, very strong in tech, very strong in operations and I mentioned lower bookings in strategy and consulting, which we expected. So given that the lower percentage of the mix of our bookings are strategy and consulting, and as you know, they tend to be shorter, the overall duration of our bookings are a little bit longer. So when you think about our revenue and when it's going to start coming into our bookings and when it's going to start coming into revenue, I think it's important to really take a look at what's been happening in our business since COVID hit.  So when we talked about our business as really impacted, and we hit our lows in April and May. And we were very pleased that in Q4, we improved from those lows, right? And we came in at where we expected within our guidance range. We also, Jason, have that 2% headwind from reimbursable revenues. So that also has a 3% impact in consulting. So that's also very unique and unusual to the situation.  And the third thing just to continue to remember is that dynamics that we saw, we talked in Q3, about the higher -- the more impacted industries being where we said, 20%, feeling a little bit more pressure on growth. That's going to play out very similar -- that played out very similar in Q4, and we see that playing out very similar in the beginning part of H1 in the year. But we will build back our business in Q1 to Q2 based on our guided range that we provided.  So just again, to be very clear, the guided range for Q1 of negative 3% to 0% implies stability from the growth that we -- the build back that we had in Q4, stability at the bottom end, and improvement at -- anywhere else in the range. And we continue to see that build happening in Q2 through the first half of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: I had kind of a similar question, and so let me ask it a different way. The dichotomy between strong bookings, up 9% in Q4, but revenue is dropping down 1% in constant currency, that gap is the biggest, I recall, in the company's history. Because bookings are so strong, but it doesn't quite translate to revenue. And other factors I'm thinking about is potentially pricing and was there any cancellations. And then maybe there's a high amount of renewals in there. Just thinking about for the quarter itself, the dichotomy, maybe you can comment on that.
Kathleen McClure: Yes. And let me just take, Bryan -- I'm going to just take your question, and I want to just talk about connecting the point of, okay, bookings and the top line revenue growth. So I talked a little bit about the duration when I was talking with Jason on his question. So let me round it out by just kind of stepping back and looking at how we see all of these bookings connecting to revenue growth.  So I did touch on already what happened in Q3 and how we -- the build back from April and May in Q4. And I've touched quite a bit on H1, how we see that playing out, where we're going to continue to build back in our business. So you're going to see those bookings, Bryan, start coming back into Q1 and Q2. Although our growth rates are going to be in the similar range, we are building back our business.  But let me just talk a little bit about the second half, because it's going to get a little bit more to probably your question on bookings. So we do see a different growth dynamic in the second half of fiscal '21, and we expect to reconnect with higher growth. And when we say higher growth, at the bottom end of our range, that's high single digits. At the top end, it's low double digits. And there are really 4 main drivers that we see for connecting with this higher-level growth in the back half.  So the first assumption that we have is we do expect some improvement in the macroeconomic environment, which doesn't -- so we don't assume another macroeconomic shock. The second thing that we see, and this gets to your question is, we will see more of the benefit from the significant transformation deals that we sold over the last few quarters in the back half of the year. But then the third point is, at the same time, that's when we expect strategy in consulting to reconnect with growth. And I think Julie gave just terrific color on why it is that we see that coming back in the second half. And then the fourth point is that we will have in the back half of the year, as all of you know, the benefit of an easier compare.  And with that, I just want to point out a couple of things. We're going to anniversary the reimbursable revenue headwind. So that's been 2% in the first half of the year. But not only will we anniversary that, but we have adjusted to this new reality of less travel as have our clients. So of course, we are meeting with clients, and, yes, we are returning to some client sites, but our H2 revenue assumption does not include a significant increase in travel.  So along with a 2% inorganic contribution for the year, which aligns to about $1.7 billion acquisition spend, that gives you kind of the full picture of how we shaped our guidance, how the bookings are going to come in, when they're going to come in and drive our top line growth. And based on the current environment, while I want to continue to say for quarter one and for the full fiscal '21, that all of our ranges in play, we will connect with strong level of growth in H2. So you can consider that if you look at the impact of this, and Julie talked about turning the page, the pandemic, it was really an H2 of FY '20 impact on our business. We're building back up in H1 of fiscal year '21. And we're going to connect with growth that we believe is a strong level of growth, as characterized by at least high single digits in the second half of the year, which is implied in the low end of our guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So good results. Good results and comments, pretty directionally consistent with what we essentially said. And thank you for the clarification with regards to just the trajectory. I just want to put maybe a couple of finer points on it, if you don't mind. So you're essentially saying on one of those elements, the step-up in demand for "the New," you're already seeing in terms of conversations, bookings, pipeline building, all of that. The meat of it can potentially basically kick in when budgets are nailed down by your clients next calendar year, because it just takes time for large enterprises to move from a plan to do something over 5, 7 years to do it over 3 to 5 years, right and then the clarification on that is consultants traveling on projects with clients, you do not expect that to come back. Is that more of a fiscal '21 thing? Or is that just like the new reality?
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So let me take just the last question and a point on the first question, then hand it over to Julie. So maybe Ashwin, a point on your first question, so let me talk about how we see demand in terms of our pipeline and bookings in FY '21. So we have a strong pipeline coming into the year, even after doing the $14 billion of bookings in Q4. And just as we look at how that's going to play out over the year, we do see Q1 being a little bit lighter and building throughout the year, which is our typical pattern.  And then on the last point, what I would say is, I just want to be clear on the assumption that I have made on what we have in revenue in the back half of the year. We've been talking about this revenue headwind from travel. So I just wanted to be really clear about the assumption that I'm making in revenue that we are not assuming an uplift in the back half of the year.
Julie Sweet: Yes, which means, of course, H1, we've still got the headwinds in terms of the compare. It's like the sunsets. But we're not saying, hey, but we're just going to get on. We're going to get an uplift.
Kathleen McClure: I'm not baking any uplift in.
Julie Sweet: It could be an upside, right, but just on the demand side, you do have it right, Ashwin, in that there's -- what's happening right now is you've got certain things we're doing immediately, and then you have these bigger conversations that we're doing. That's how you saw 17 clients last quarter. We're continuing to shape a lot of these bigger things.  If you take like supply chain, for example, with one client, they needed immediate forecasting help because it's a pharma client that had to get PPE. So we worked quickly with SAP to put an integrated business planning, help forecasting, decrease critical shortages, while we're talking about a broader transformation of supply chain.  Same thing for a leading health and personal care company. They needed a transportation management system, which we partnered with Blue Yonder to put in, to immediately address the issues about getting goods to different places. But we're talking about shaping an entire transformation of the supply chain to build in the resilience, get the data and the analytics, right.  And that's what we're doing kind of everywhere, where we have the agility to quickly -- and by the way, the critical ecosystem partnerships to do that while at the same time we're shaping the larger conversations. That's happening in cloud as well, right. That's why we're doing Accenture Cloud First. We're oftentimes doing some immediate things, but we're shaping these bigger transformations, working with the public hyperscalers on the hybrid cloud, working with the hyperscalers as well as the HPE, VMware, Red Hat, Ciscos of the world, who are incredibly important partners as we shape this.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then the second question on cash flow. It's solid in the quarter, continues to be -- projections look pretty good for next year. And I know cash flow has always been a strong point for Accenture, but these levels of cash conversion are still quite impressive. So I had to ask, has something changed? Or is it perhaps related to single factors like lower variable comp? Is it sustainable at this level?
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question on free cash flow. You're right, I mean we had record free cash flow of $7.6 billion in the year, and it surpassed even our expectations for the year. And why is that? Really, it's due to just stellar billing and collections this year. So you know we have industry-leading DSO, right. You know us well. So we're usually either around 40 days, 41 days. We closed at 35 days, right, so -- which is we haven't seen those levels since fiscal 2015. And we did all that during liquidity crisis, during a pandemic, right. So I think it's just very impressive. And it just goes to the rigor and discipline that our team has and how we run the business. And that was a 1.5 free cash flow to net income ratio.  So Ashwin, you're used to how we do guide free cash flow. You know how strong we perform. And it's typical for the bottom end of our range to be a decline. And what you see this year is that we have all of our ranges decline over what we did last year. And I just want to give you some just context in this.  As you know, when we go back to what is still industry-leading DSO, we've added at least five days to get back into 40 days of DSO. The way free cash flow works is it's that change of five days, and that's almost $1 billion, it's like $800 million plus of a change in free cash flow, just getting ourselves back to that level. So there's nothing other than just stellar free cash flow this year and going back to what is still superior cash management next year.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of James Faucette of Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Just two quick questions from me. First, we've talked a lot about the engagement with customers and what they're looking for from Accenture. But wondering if you can provide any color as to what we're seeing in terms of decision cycles and times around those. If those are seeing any improvement, et cetera?  And my second question is related to inorganic contribution. I think you mentioned that you're expecting some level of inorganic contribution is built into your guidance. Can you just once again clarify what that looks like? And I guess more importantly, as we think about all the change and the type of work you're doing for your clients, should we expect that level of inorganic contribution to persist into the future beyond fiscal year '21?
Kathleen McClure: So thanks for the question. So I'll just take the -- just clarify and confirm that for next year, we do have 2% inorganic revenue contribution factored into our guidance with up to $1.7 billion of spend. I'm not -- we won't -- don't guide into future years in terms of what we're going to do. But obviously, the D&A is a key part of our capital allocation. We have no planned changes at all to our capital allocation approach. And I'm going to hand it over to Julie to talk a little bit about any other color.
Julie Sweet: Yes. Look, on the decision-making, what's happening is what you'd expect to happen, right. Everyone had to make really fast decisions in how to navigate the crisis. So there are some things that are happening at lightning speed, right. When you have to figure out your supply chain or get up on Teams fast, you do that. We've seen some acceleration in the transformation deals, right, because they're like, we got to move faster to kind of get to that. And you have other places where they slowed down things, clients where we had three things teed up, and they're like, let's do this one and then let's wait and see on these others.  And so I would just say it's very contextual right now and it varies also by industry. And of course, we're now going into kind of budgets for the end of the -- as you normally note, due in the fall season. So that will be -- and that will -- we'll see how that plays out as well.
Angie Park: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Bryan Bergin of Cowen. .
Bryan Bergin: I just got one here for you. So on margin, how should we be thinking about your comfort level in your typical margin expansion range? And can you also comment how work-from-home implications may play into that?
Kathleen McClure: Yes. So thanks for the question. So obviously, one of our key financial imperatives is to expand -- give modest margin expansion while investing at scale in our business and in our people. And we did this, you saw, Bryan, even in fiscal year '20 with lower ranges of revenue growth. And so we feel comfortable that we can continue to create the flexibility and the investment, to do our investments in talent, to do the investments in the business. Julie talked quite a bit about how excited we are in Cloud First. So I would say it's the normal rigor and discipline that we need to bring to our business, to create that margin capacity, to invest back while keeping within our 10 to 30 basis points of expansion.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And on remote -- on the work from home, right, that's -- I talked about the new reality, and we're going to be working differently, but it's going to be constantly evolving. So for example, we've got about 1,400 clients worldwide, where our people are back at the clients. We're encouraging our people to come into the offices with respect to doing collaboration. We're back to approving travel. Now it's massively restricted because you're not going to go to a place where you're quarantining. We've got some people who have childcare issues, who've got health issues, and that is the reality, right. And so we're going to continue to navigate that. And this, of course, is where we already were so remote that we're really good at being able to navigate that. But that's all about the new reality.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And KC, you said 2% inorganic for fiscal '21. Was that -- was it 1% or 2% in fiscal '20 as well?
Kathleen McClure: Yes. It was 2% in fiscal '20.
Julie Sweet: Great. So we're excited to turn the page and deliver for our clients, people, shareholders, ecosystem partners and communities in FY '21. We call this shared success, and it is a mindset we strive to live every day. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together to deliver on these commitments and shared success and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well, everyone, and thank you for joining.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay, available today after 10 a.m. Eastern Time, running through December 17 at midnight. You may access the replay system by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 4996254. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconferencing Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-06-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Greg and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everyone for joining us. Since our last earnings call, the world has continued to face unprecedented challenges; health, economic, and social, and throughout Q3 we saw rapidly deteriorating economic conditions globally. I am proud of and want to thank our people and our leaders around the world for coming together in Q3 to continue to deliver on our commitment to our shareholders, our clients, our people, and our communities in the face of this crisis. Before turning to our delivery on these commitments, let me provide a bit more color on the context. Within days of our earnings call on March 19, we continued to quickly mobilize our people to work from home, and during the quarter we had approximately 95% of our people enabled to work remotely. For all of April and May other than China, virtually every country in which we operate was in lockdown. In addition, as you may remember, in January we announced that as of March 1, we were implementing a new growth model and making leadership changes. We seamlessly implemented this new model demonstrating our agility at massive scale, which is a testament to the talent of our over 500,000 people and the strength of our leadership team. So, in terms of delivery on our commitments to our shareholders, we delivered Q3 revenues in line with the range we provided only eight days after the global pandemic was declared, and we hit a new milestone of approximately 70% in the “New,” which is digital, cloud, and security. We delivered $11 billion in new bookings, a 6% increase over Q3 last year, which demonstrates the relevance of our services and our ability to sell in a remote everything world. We continue to invest in our business for the long term, closing an additional $742 million in strategic acquisitions for a total of $1.3 billion year-to-date. We delivered operating margin expansion of 10 basis points, and we continued to strengthen our balance sheet closing the quarter with $6.4 billion in cash. In terms of delivering on our commitments to our clients, our clients rely on us for mission-critical work. 95 of our top 100 clients have been with us for over 10 years because we are a trusted partner. And during this time, we have deepened that trust yet again because of our ability to deliver seamlessly, including how we transitioned our people from the delivery centers in India and the Philippines to work from home without service interruption. For example, we closed the books on time for more than 70 public companies in operation, and we continued our pre-crisis track record in technology with around-the-clock go live on new releases every 15 minutes on average. In both technology and operations, we were able to execute entirely remote knowledge transfer with great success. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our people, we continue to invest in training and development and the continuous re-skilling of our people. We are on track to deliver the same training hours as last year while pivoting completely to a digital learning experience built on our platform Accenture Connected Learning. We continued to promote people midyear, although at a reduced level compared to last year to ensure that our very best talent continues to build a vibrant career and is recognized and rewarded. In terms of delivering on our commitment to our communities, we believe strongly in our responsibility to contribute to the well-being of our communities. In addition to our teams who have supported our health and public service clients with extraordinary COVID-19 related work, we also wanted to make a unique pro bono contribution that leveraged our strength. In addition to our many local activities, we are very proud that we are helping put people back to work around the world with the People + Work Connect platform that we created together with Lincoln Financial Group, ServiceNow, and Verizon. This platform is a global online employer-to-employer initiative to bring together at no cost companies that have laid off or furloughed people with organizations in urgent need of workers. Designed by CHROs including our own extraordinary CHRO, Ellyn Shook, Accenture built the platform in only 14 days. The response has been overwhelming as more than 1,300 organizations across approximately 80 countries have engaged with currently about 400,000 positions already on the platform which are balanced between open needs and availability. With that, over to you KC.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today's call. We are pleased with our third quarter results which were in line with our expectations and reflect the diversity and durability of our growth model across geographies, industries, and services. Our results continue to reinforce the relevance of our offerings and capabilities in the market to deliver value for our clients. Importantly, these results illustrate Accenture's unique ability to manage our business and deliver significant value to our shareholders in a very uncertain environment. Before I get into the details, let me summarize the major headlines of our third quarter results, which reflect continued strong execution against our three financial imperatives. Revenue grew 1.3% in local currency at the top end of our guided range. This includes a reduction of approximately 2% from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travel costs. Taking a look at revenues through an industry lens, the diversity of our portfolio continues to serve us well. Approximately 50% of our revenues came from seven industries that were less impacted from the pandemic and in aggregate grew high-single digits with double-digit growth in software and platforms, life-sciences, and public service. At the same time as we expected, we saw pressure from clients in the highly impacted industries which include travel, retail, energy, high-tech including aerospace and defense and industrials. While performance varied, this group collectively represents over 20% of our revenues and declined high-single digits. Given this is the first quarter of results since the onset of the pandemic, let me share a bit more color on how it shaped our quarter. We had strong momentum coming into the quarter, which continued through March. We began to see the impacts on our business in April and May as a result of clients postponing work, reducing existing volumes, and deferring decisions on new work. These impacts were more pronounced in strategy and consulting. We did not, however, see an uptick in cancellations over typical levels. In addition, we experienced very little revenue impact from needing to shift to remote working as we continued to successfully deliver services to our clients. Operating margin was 15.6%, an increase of 10 basis points, both for the quarter and year-to-date as we continued to demonstrate our ability to drive sustainable margin expansion. This result continues to reflect the absorption of significant investments in our people and our business as we further strengthen our leadership position in the market. We are also benefiting from significant lower spend on non-billable travel, meetings, and events. And finally, we delivered very strong free cash flow of $2.6 billion in the quarter, while also continuing all elements of our capital allocation program, including returning roughly $1.1 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We've made investments of $1.3 billion acquisitions, primarily attributed to 29 transactions year-to-date, and we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $11 billion for the quarter, reflecting growth of 6% in local currency and 4% in U.S. dollars. Consulting bookings were $6.2 billion, up 5% in local currency and 3% in U.S. dollars with a book-to-bill of 1. Outsourcing bookings were $4.8 billion, up 8% in local currency and 5% in U.S. dollars with a book-to-bill of 1. We were very pleased with our new bookings which continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 70% of our new bookings in the quarter. Looking forward, we expect strong bookings in Q4. The fact that we delivered $11 billion of bookings in this environment with growth over last year with much of these sales closed virtually, while at the same time building a very strong pipeline, speaks to both our agility and the strength of our client relationships. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $11 billion, a 1% decrease in U.S. dollars and a 1.3% increase in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of roughly 2.5% compared to the 1.5 estimated impact provided in our guidance for quarter. This result was at the top end of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6 billion down 4% in U.S. dollars and down 2% in local currency which includes a reduction of approximately 3 percentage points from a decline in revenues from reimbursable travels. Outsourcing revenues were $5 billion, up 3% in U.S. dollars and up 5% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our service dimensions. Technology services grew mid-single-digits, operations grew low single-digit, and strategy and consulting declined mid-single-digit. Additionally, digital, cloud and security-related services grew high-single-digits. Turning to our geographic markets, in North America we delivered 2% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in public service, life-sciences and software and platforms and high single digit growth in banking and capital markets. Growth is offset by declines in chemicals and natural resources and high-tech. In Europe revenue declined 2% in local currency. We saw double-digit growth in four industries, including software and platforms, chemical and natural resources, health and life-sciences. Growth was offset by declines in consumer goods, retail and travel, high-tech, and banking and capital markets. Looking closer at the countries, Europe was driven by high single-digit growth in Italy and mid-single-digit growth in Germany, offset by continued declines in the UK as well as declines in Spain and France. In growth markets we delivered 5% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in six industries with particular strength in software and platforms, public service, and chemicals and natural resources. Growth is offset by decline in consumer goods, retail and travel. From a country perspective, growth markets was led by Japan, which again had strong double-digit growth. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.1% compared with 31.8% for the same period last year. The sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.2% compared with 10.7% for the third quarter of last year. General and administrative expense was 6.3% compared to 5.6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.7 billion in the third quarter reflecting a 15.6% operating margin up 10 basis points compared with Q3 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.5% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.6% for the third quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.90 compared to EPS of $1.93 in the third quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 41 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 39 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2.6 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.7 billion net of property and equipment additions of $150 million. Our cash balance at May 31, was $6.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3.7 million shares for $627 million at an average price of $107.54 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately 1.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in May we paid our third quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $509 million. This represents a 10% increase of equivalent quarterly rate late last year. And our Board of Directors declared our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on August 14, also 10% increase of the equivalent rate last year. So in summary, we delivered to the expectations we provided in March. Looking ahead, we remain laser focused on capturing growth opportunities in the market and delivering value for our clients. As you know and expect of us, we will operate with vigor and discipline, while continuing to invest in our business and our people for long-term market leadership. We entered the crisis in a position of strength and we are driving our business to emerge even stronger. We remain committed to delivering significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders, as we continue to navigate this very uncertain environment. Now let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. As we look forward, we are starting to see the overall business environment improve with more engagement with many of our clients. However, the high level of uncertainty persists and it is too early to predict when the pandemic and economic conditions will improve. Now working from home is highly efficient and I am connecting personally with more clients around the world than ever before. I first want to share our perspective on the crisis and how demand is shaping up based on what I'm hearing from CEOs and then bring it to life. Crisis is unique in two ways, first it has created the largest ever change in human behavior, at scale, and almost instantaneously, requiring companies to fill new demand trends, change how they engage with customers and adapt quickly to volatile market conditions, all of which require a strong digital foundation just as they also face massive cost pressures. Second, the pandemic is happening during a period of exponential technology change, which was already driving entirely new ways of doing business. In our future systems research last year, we identified that the top 10% of companies in terms of tech adoption, depth and culture where the leaders are performing twice as well and is the bottom 25%. We believe COVID immediately widened that gap. We see the leaders doubling down on their investments while the laggards recognize the speed to accelerate the pace of their transformation. Companies are turning to Accenture as the trusted partner with the industry experience and the ability to help them create investment capacity and change at scale and to execute with multidisciplinary teams, spanning strategy and consulting to operations and trust matters more than ever, making our strong client relationships and reputation a critical advantage. This is reflected in our Q3 bookings, which include 11 clients over $100 million and importantly is reflected in our strong pipeline as we look ahead to Q4. Let me highlight some of the transformational deals in our Q3 bookings to bring to life what our clients need and how we're able to deliver. Leveraging our intelligent platform services for a major global beverage company seeking to drive growth, we will be implementing SAP S/4HANA to support business simplification and better engagement with customers and consumers through real-time data. We are also providing ongoing IT modernization and application maintenance leveraging our myWizard asset to lower costs and improved user experience. IT modernization overall continues to be an area of high demand. Leveraging our industry ex-capabilities, another area where we are seeing increased demand, we will be helping Airbus reduce costs by up to 15% and speed time-to-market by modernizing their legacy product lifestyle, lifecycle management system. We are implementing and enabling a digital platform built with that source [ph] systems a leader in 3D design to help the company reinvent how they design, build and support new aircraft, products and components. Leveraging operations, we extended our strategic partnership with Microsoft to provide them with credit and collection services, collecting over $120 billion in cash annually across the 170 countries in 30 languages. By combining the market-leading AI powered assets in our SynOps platform, like intelligent collections. With Microsoft's Azure and power platform technologies and by simplifying global processes and policies, we will drive significant day one savings and lower the marginal cost of growth. At the same time, we will deliver top-tier performance. This is an example of why we continue to be the market leader in business process services powered by our ecosystem relationships. Operations is an area where we are seeing a significant increase in demand. Each of these deals create tangible value in both cost efficiency and business outcomes, leveraging our mix of services in deep industry and functional expertise which Accenture is uniquely able to bring to our clients. I also want to touch on another area of demand where we are seeing even more significant growth post COVID across industries. Cloud migration and cloud-based data and innovative business models have quickly accelerated, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud platform, as well as Alibaba Cloud in China, and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure or OCI. Companies are looking to more quickly reduce costs and capture the innovation of the cloud as well as provide the foundation for better access to data for new business outcomes and models. Examples from our Q3 sales include working with a global pharmaceutical company to consolidate multiple data sources on AWS to drive faster product development. Working with a major global insurance company to migrate over 30% of their business applications to Azure in just 18 months, working with a leading Asian bank to build digital banking services on GCP, working with one of the largest dairy companies in China to migrate and modernize their customer and omnichannel commerce systems using Alibaba Cloud, and working with a European telecommunications provider on a living systems IT modernization, which includes the migration of their Oracle state to OCI. With cloud our ability to bring industry and cross industry insights to our clients and world class change management for speed and value due to our strong strategy and consulting capability is a major competitive advantage. Given the events of the last weeks, I do you want to pause and take a moment to talk about a core part of who we are as a company. We have an unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity and equality for all. We have zero tolerance for racism, bigotry and hate of any kind. We live this commitment every day because it is the right thing to do and because becoming the most inclusive and diverse company in the world has been critical to our strategy. Since 2014, when we doubled down on inclusion and diversity and created our digital business, we have delivered 9% compound annual revenue growth in local currency. We are a talent magnet, in part because the most talented people want to work at a company that not only creates value but also leads with values. We have made progress with respect to our people of color, but not enough. We are determined to use this moment in the U.S. as another moment of change for us. This month we announced our commitment to take our next set of actions, which includes setting external goals in the U.S. for increasing overall representation and managing directors for African-American, black and Hispanic American Latin communities, similar to how we have set public goals for gender globally. We also are adding new mandatory training that will help our people identify, speak up against and report racism, and we are committed to take similar actions globally. Now, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, as I did last quarter, I would like to remind you that given the coronavirus pandemic, there are a number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact, the pace of recovery, as well as those described in the quarterly filing we made earlier today. Now with that said, let me turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.6 billion to $11.0 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be approximately negative 1 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and reflects an estimated negative 3% to positive 1% growth in local currency and includes approximately negative 2% from the decline in revenues from reimbursable travel. For the full fiscal year 2020, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to fiscal 2019. For the full fiscal 2020, we now expect revenue to be in the range of 3.5% to 4.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2019. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2020 to be 14.7%, a 10 basis point expansion over our fiscal 2019 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 24.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2019. For earnings per share we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to be in the range of $7.57 to $7.70 or 3% to 5% growth over fiscal 2019 results. For the full fiscal 2020 we now expect operating cash flows to be in the range of $6.45 billion to $6.95 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.8 billion to $6.3 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.2 to 1.3. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open up so we can take your questions. Over to Angie.
Angie Park: Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many people as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, thanks so much Greg. Tien-tsin here. Just on the – I want to hone in on the strong bookings comment for the fourth quarter, can you maybe give us a little bit more on the type of work you are doing, consulting versus outsourcing, but also what is COVID-specific work versus transformational? And maybe also Julie, I think last quarter you mentioned or talked about clients adapting to a new normal. Has that happened or is Accenture really driving or just adapting to demand in this uncertain market, as you called it?
KC McClure: Yes, so maybe I’ll start and then Julie can weigh in on demand. So, Tien-tsin, thanks for your question. In terms of strong bookings, maybe I'll just talk a little bit about what, maybe if I could take this opportunity to talk about guidance overall, and I'll hit on the bookings point as well. So, in terms of what we’re talking - what we’re looking at for the fourth quarter in terms of both, you know, our revenue and our bookings, I want to put some context into our guidance. Obviously, it continues to be an uncertain environment; and in revenue, we always aim for the top portion of our guided range, but as we said last quarter, this quarter, the entire range is at play. And if I put the context of Q4 into what we experienced in Q3, you know, we have [indiscernible] momentum coming into the third quarter and that carried through in March, and we began to see the impacts of the pandemic on our business in April and May. And so, as we think about Q4, as it relates to what we saw in Q3, at the top end of our revenue guidance range, it implies an improved performance over what we saw in April and May, and at the bottom end of our revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, it means we’ve stabilized. And so, as it relates specifically to your question on bookings, we were able to grow very strong pipeline during the same time, and we do see that we have the potential for strong bookings in the fourth quarter. I’ll let Julie give you a little bit of view on that - on the color as it relates to what we’re seeing in demand in the market.
Julie Sweet: Sure, and as between kind of consulting and outsourcing, we saw sort of similar patterns in Q3 in this. We had lower sales in strategy and consulting in Q3, and we’re going to have some lower sales, you know, in Q4. We sort of expect that as we continue, but as we step it back, let’s just look at demand, right, because the whole set of demand that started in Q3 that will continue into Q4 in some areas around a few things. So, health and public sector, right. So, we saw a surge in need in health and public sector. For example, we became, we pioneered in the - before the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the U.S. working with partners in health and Salesforce, diverse, you know, contracting, tracing applications and operation, which we've now taken to Phoenix; for example in the State of California where we’re working with Salesforce and AWS, that work will continue. You saw us working around the world doing things like using our industry and technology expertise to set up virtual agents like in India with MyGov and Microsoft in [indiscernible] we set up virtual agent. If you go to Brazil, we worked with Microsoft to set up telemedicine for a major hospital there. That work and the trends around telemedicine and the need to support citizens through the pandemic will continue, we believe. And what’s important there is, it is not simply - this isn’t about technology right? This is about taking all of our insights from the needs of – from health and public sector and supporting citizenry [ph] with technology, with the ecosystem partners, and quite honestly innovating remotely. Right? The work that we've been doing and that will continue. You also see the supply chain really being an area of big focus. So, we worked with Danone, a multinational food products company whose supply chain was immediately disrupted severely and leveraging analytics it became essential for them to give them a near real-time data around their supply chain to avoid disruption. So that kind of work supply chain is gowing, we’ve been doing it, it’s going to continue and of course clients are now moving from the immediate needs in leveraging the assets and tools and understanding that we have to thinking longer-term because of course what you have is completely different, trends and uncertainty, and so how do you really connect everything from understanding the customer all the way back to manufacturing, and that's why you start to see the demand in digital manufacturing, supply chain, and we expect on the customer side that to continue.  Then finally the whole area of online, so we worked with a global retailer who’s been investing for years in omnichannel. We've been piloting curbside pickup before the crisis of a hundred stores, and in 48 hours we took them to 1,400 stores. And so we’re beginning to really talk about -- with the other retailers who were behind. Right? We talked about the laggards and the leaders to how are they going to be adjusting it. Now, if you take a step back, Tien-tsin on the big picture, we do three big things. We build digital core, and I talked about it in my script how cloud is accelerating, security is accelerating. We just bought Symantec's Managed Service business. We are now one of the largest and leading providers in the world. The threat landscape has expanded and we're seeing tons of demand in security, lots of demand in data and applied intelligence, as data is so necessary. But on the other hand, intelligent platform services, which as we've shared in the past is about 40% of our business and pre-crisis was growing double-digits, that moderated in Q3 and we'll see further moderation. In Q4, we expect, as clients have to take a step back, refocus, prioritize, we're helping them shape that, but the demand long term is absolutely there. And you saw that in our bookings that we talked about the S/4HANA implementation in Q3, where we are at - there we're doing so to drive growth as well as efficiencies. And so, while we continue to see that moderating, we really do see that is being very much affected by the industries that are most severely impacted. But also as clients frankly are taking a step back to figure out how they're going to accelerate and in what sequence their digital core building. In the area of optimizing operations, which is the second big thing we do, our operations business is seeing surge in demand. We talked about this last quarter, where we had double-digit growth for 25 consecutive quarters. Obviously, some crisis-related impacts in this quarter. But as the need for digital transformation has accelerated, the ability to use our digital platform SynOps to drive cost efficiencies and to get better data faster, right, is really taking - having that business have another new surge in demand as we look at our pipeline and then also the digital manufacturing as I've referred to. And then finally on the growth agenda side, Accenture Interactive, right, an incredible business. We hit $10 billion and it was having significant growth. It was significantly impacted in Q3 as companies focused more on shoring up what they had as opposed to thinking about the next generation of customer experience, et cetera. We're now seeing those conversations begin again. And what's really interesting there, is that the B2B companies like the industrials, who have their - have a traditional field sales model, were able to get connected with remote work, but they weren't online, right? And so, we think there's going to be a real surge over time and we're starting to have those conversations about how you move online. In general, to your question around kind of remote working, we've enabled lots of companies to work remotely, right, whether it was an aerospace and defense company on G Suite, 100,000 people to the NHS hospital system with teams over 1 million people, companies have really adapted, and where we have the advantage is because we've been so remote and because of the - we are a global company and have a strong tradition of working with our clients around the globe, we've just adapted very quickly and you see that in our strong bookings. You know it's higher than last year's Q3 and what we expect in Q4.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great, that's good stuff. Good color. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning and good to hear your voices. Just a follow-on on Tien-tsin question. I mean, you obviously recorded solid revenue in 3Q, solid growth in bookings, have a strong pipeline again for 4Q. At the same time the WEO just downgraded its economic outlook to nearly a 5% decline for this year. So, which is pretty terrible. So I'm just trying to ask, can you provide color on how those two things and those two trends reconcile, meaning, are you seeing that businesses either a, have not made revisions yet to their overall IT budgets to reflect a weaker longer-term economic outlook or more optimistically, be they have, but they have actually reallocated more dollars into IT to drive the digital transformations or is it that you're picking up share? I mean, I guess maybe just some color on kind of how you reconciled those two dynamics? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Yes, sure. You know, Lisa remember what we're guiding to is really a modest growth, it would reflect the economic conditions. Right? So what we're seeing in Q4 is we're seeing our business stabilize at what is a much lower level, right than pre-crisis with at the high end of the range, starting to tick up and improve. Right? So that is what's really, as you said like that's how you reconcile that. Right? And as I just went through with Tien-tsin, there are parts of our business that are accelerating like cloud and security and operations. But a big part of our business, our intelligent platform services business, which is 40% was growing double-digits moderated in Q3 and we expect a further moderation reflecting the economic conditions, clients sort of taking a step back and saying, how do I sequence and so, when you look at what's happening, the IT budgets, all the analysts are telling us and we're seeing it is too is that they are declining, but they are focusing on the digital transformation that's needed to navigate. So like the supply chain examples where you have to do this, this is why Lisa, our position is so important right now, because what we can uniquely do is provide cost savings while we transform. When we talk about IT modernization and managed services, we're doing managed services and we talked about this in prior quarters called Living Systems, where we're taking down the costs, but we're helping them have DevOps and Agile at scale to get their product releases faster. We are seeing deals like if you look at the one I highlighted on SAP, it has two components where they put the global beverage company. It was re-platforming, but it also had a managed service component that was modernizing and cutting their costs and so what we're seeing is this flight to Accenture for flight to quality, because we can deliver with the ability to increase investment capacity, decrease costs, but still modernize like what we do with operations. And so, of course we're going to be impacted, but we've got severely impacted is went through businesses that industries that of course we're good, we're feeling all of those effects, but we believe our results, we don't know, nobody else has come yet are taking share in this environment.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, thank you. And then maybe my follow on is just on the talent side, can you provide, I mean, I know you're an environment where attrition just dropped to 11%. Not surprisingly, given the environment. Utilization is also down a little bit, but of course you're continuing as you said to maintain promotions, maintain higher, and can you just remind us of how you manage talent through this type of environment, so you emerge with a stronger bench on the other side? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean, it's a great question and something we really focus on because our competitive advantage is phenomenal talent. And the underlying fundamentals of the market, the need to digitally transform and of our business remain strong. And so, we are very focused on preserving that great talent and our strategic capabilities because we have everything from Strategy and Consulting to operations and so that's been our principle. So we're pulling the usual levers of less hiring, except in specific areas of replacing subcontractors if we don't need it. We continue to promote, but we moderated the promotions. But it's important that we're delivering still on it. We've delayed some start dates, as you would do, as you would imagine. The second thing we're doing is, we did just put in this new growth model and we were able in a more simplified organization to identify efficiencies. So we're going after some cost structural decreases that are helping. And then as we move forward, we'll do things like we're in our annual performance process. And so, the pace of how we do our kind of business as usual, managing out of our lower performers is another lever that we can pull as we look forward, and what we're really focused on is making sure, like say for our intelligent platform services business, yes it's moderating, but we know it is an absolute critical part of our business. So we're doing a lot of upskilling. I mean, I think this - I'm going to give you a number that I think is so phenomenal. Since the beginning of March, when we hit COVID and we saw the shift in demand in technology we have reskilled 37,000 people in hot areas like cloud since the beginning of March. And these are in sort of 15 to - on average 15 to 20-hour modules of reskilling to pivot. We've taken our Strategy and Consulting people and pivoted to some of the needs for operations in the public sector, because again those are - also require those insights. And the resiliency of a business like ours because we're in multiple industries, multiple types of work and we're able to kind of seamlessly move people who are used to working in these multi-dimensional teams anyway. And by the way, our people love it, because they get great new opportunities. So we feel really good about how we're managing it. And to your point, Lisa, we think we're going to come out much stronger because of how we're delivering for our people.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, great color, thank you. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: Yes, hey, guys. Thank you and congrats. My question, The New really didn't decelerate that much and maybe that just is a function of exactly you're talking about some of these newer products doing well, while some of the older part decelerated more. As the economy comes back, eventually, do you think The New kind of just gets to just a higher level of growth and then the older services just stay at a lower level? I mean is that really what we're seeing now?
Julie Sweet: I mean, look, if you sort of look at it I would start with like we're in the big shock, right? I mean that how fast the economy went down, the need that every business is now a health business and so all of these. So, I don't read too much into a quarter's sort of response in terms of now new versus legacy other than the impact of what's happening to have to move to online everything and remote will absolutely require and is requiring and that's what we see in our pipeline, an acceleration of building the digital foundation which means, companies are going to have to make more choices. And this is why - we used to tell you, our theory was in a financial crisis that the rotation to The New would make us more resilient and that's what is absolutely the facts. So is that - we've seen what's happened. You have to be more digital and that's going to stay and that will no doubt have some effects on where you're spending the money, but it's part of what's driving what we're doing now with our managed services and helping modernize those for our clients in a more cost-effective way to get our clients to The New. And a lot of what we're doing now is taking all of our learning capabilities and building that in for our clients to help them rotate their talent, which they need to do as well.
David Koning: Great, thanks. And one quick numbers question. The new reporting on segments with the geos, the margins in the growth markets have been very high this year, and specifically in Q3 was very high, I think 21%. Is there something changing in the environment that allows those margins to be higher? Is that going to continue, or maybe it's just a short-term blip?
KC McClure: Yes, thanks for the question. This is the first time that we have provided operating income by market. And the way I would just say, to take a look at operating income across our markets, Dave, would be the very same way that you thought about it as it relates to the operating groups, like you're going to have - we have variations by markets just like we did throughout the years in operating groups. It's really going to be impacted by these services that we do in that market, the mix of industries that we have, any type of economic impacts that are happening in a specific market, as well as maybe investments that we're making particularly to that geography. So I think that's - the lens I would look at operating income would be the same as we've always historically done against operating groups and we manage obviously to overall Accenture operating income. As it relates specifically to the growth markets, we had very strong performance in our Japanese business, which is a major growth driver, and overall our contract performance and profitability is very strong in the growth markets.
David Koning: Great, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning Julie, KC. My question is, we are seeing in this environment that many companies are starting to rethink work from home policies as a margin driver longer term, given the higher productivity we've seen in this remote working environment. Is this something you're seeing, looking at? And more broadly what have been some of the positive and negative surprises in this new working environment? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes, I think I'll start and Julie can certainly weigh in. I think one of the things that's kind of - you asked about margin and unique in this environment is, what I would say that, and we're taking full advantage of this is the fact that we are really not traveling, particularly for non-billable events and meetings. And so we are using - we're taking full advantage of that and making sure that we continue then to use that extra capacity to invest in our business, to preserve our talent, while at the same time giving margin expansion. So I think for us, that's probably the bigger change within this environment. We have obviously moved - we've always been able to work from home to a great degree, and within our centers, we have been able to make that change as well this quarter. But that's not really going to be a significant increase or decrease in margin in and of itself.
Julie Sweet: And then if you look at it, as it relates to ourselves, it's complicated. Right? Looking at our operations business it's 24/7 and we run shifts and we get to have the advantage of sort of using assets over and over. So, I mean, it's a - it's not a straightforward sort of discussion around that, but maybe let's just take a step back, what are the realities, right? We're opened 30% of our offices now, but we're not putting a lot of people back in the office and neither are our clients around the globe because we're dealing with an ongoing health situation. And so, whether you like it or not, remote working is going to be here to stay at a pretty high level for some time. And so, we and our clients are focused on understanding where does that make sense. I was just talking to a technology company yesterday where what they've said is, look, everything is working pretty well except R&D, not because R&D needs to be in the office, but they're just struggling to collaborate as well. And so, company by company, are learning. I give a lot of advice to CEOs about this because there are some who've got really excited about, let's get rid of all our real estate. Back in the '90s, we pioneered remote working and we called it hoteling, and particularly in the U.S., we took out a lot of real estate because we said our people are at our client sites and they're - or they could be home. And what we found, in fact, over the last five years, when I was running North America, we started gradually to expand the footprint again because there is a benefit of bringing people together as well. Now, we've proved you can innovate remotely as I gave some of those examples, but I would say it's going to be cautious. As a respect to sort of driving our business, what it has helped CEOs really understand is some of the areas in some industries that have resisted say finance and accounting and certain areas saying no, no, no, we need to have the teams together is to recognize that they can really rethink like what should they do in-house? What can they rely on a partner like Accenture? How to get the right balance, both from an expertise and a cost perspective, but just as much this idea of leveraging others for digital transformation and you're going to see more of that thinking. I mean, when you move to the cloud, you're basically saying you have this important permanent third-party partners that are running your business, right? And so, how digital transformation happens at speed going forward is really going to be this weaving of partners together, which is why the fact that we're so trusted really helps us in this environment.
Harshita Rawat: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: Hi, good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about your Consulting bookings? How much of the sort of the solid quarter do you expect that you had in the quarter was related to the responding to the COVID crisis? And I'm not sure I heard it in response to Tien-tsin's question, but the strong awards outlook for Q4, how does that split out between Consulting and Outsourcing? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes, hey, nice to talk to you. In terms of what we were guiding to in Q4, we see overall stronger bookings. I'll leave it at that in terms of, you know, we don't really give a sense or guide to the overall fourth quarter. And I think, just in terms of what was in our consulting bookings, Julie provided a lot of color, we had, as we talked about our overall bookings were 70% in The New which is digital to move to the cloud. Security was really important in this current environment, as well as other digital areas. So, I don't know, Julie, if there's anything else in addition you want to add on.
Julie Sweet: No, I mean as I said, our bookings were kind of sort of split between Outsourcing and Consulting sort of similar to that pattern overall.
KC McClure: No, change there, yes.
Julie Sweet: In the quarter.
KC McClure: Yes, in the quarter. That's right.
Edward Caso: And my other question is around utilization, it went down a few points here. Have you found bottom yet on utilization or we're sort of picking up information that you guys are doing some layoffs and so forth and wondering if you've been able to sort of stabilize the utilization yet?
KC McClure: Yes, maybe I'll just quickly on utilization, yes, we did do a tick down in Q3. It's nothing that we're concerned about. It's really a bit particularly in operations in our centers, as we moved during the time that we moved to work from home, as well as there were some elements - minor elements of work from home restrictions. But that said, it was within the zone that we expected, and we continue to deliver for our clients in their time of need.
Julie Sweet: Yes. And with respect to managing, as I've said before, we've identified some real areas of efficiencies and so that has obviously headcount implications to it, which may be what you're calling layoffs. We really see it is as focusing on our cost structure, and then otherwise managing our supply and demand as I went through before in a pretty ordinary course. We don't see some extraordinary workforce actions, and remember that Q4 guidance builds that in and that we think we're either stabilizing to slightly up in terms of our business environment, because if you look at our guidance, we're pretty pleased. I mean Q3 had a great strong March. We don't have that in Q4. And so we see - do see our business either stabilizing or slightly up.
KC McClure: Yes and then I just - another fact on that, as you saw from our - our headcount went up sequentially 1%. Right? So for the quarter, we're up over 6% for the year.
Edward Caso: Thank you.
Angie Park: Great, thanks, Ed. Greg, we have time for one more question, and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask on bookings conversion. Can you comment on clients' willingness to ramp up some of these large projects in this environment? I'm curious, if you're seeing any extension of the period between signings and project startups and how that might impact near-term outlook?
Julie Sweet: Well, I mean, our outlook includes kind of what we're seeing and it's a little bit all over the map, right? You've got some clients who want to go faster, because they need the savings faster, you have other clients to maybe having a slower ramp-up. So I'd say it's mixed.
KC McClure: Yes. And I think maybe in terms of our outlook, maybe the way I'd answer it too is, if you look at our Q4 revenue guidance, I think there is really kind of what would put us at the top versus what would put us at the bottom is probably two swing factors. One would be really how the industries - that industry dynamic that we talked about, how that continues to play out and then how the Strategy & Consulting work evolves in the quarter.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then just on your comments on digital, can you give us a sense on how those underlying components performs interactive relative to cloud and security and any quantification there?
Julie Sweet: Well, we don't, we don't know about quantify. But as I told you earlier, right, we had Accenture Interactive pre-crisis have been significantly growing and it was significantly impacted in Q3 and that primarily around industries and kind of focus, so you've got that. And then, whereas we sort of look at cloud that really was up and security was up, and remember Intelligent Platform Services came down. So those are kind of the big components that we normally kind of give you a sense of.
KC McClure: Yes, I would say just - just to add on to what Julie said when we talked about the industry dynamics that I talked about earlier, that really plays out the same way with Accenture Interactive. There was growth in Accenture Interactive and the less impacted industries. Right? And they had also a similar dynamic on the areas that had more pressure - industries that had more pressure this quarter they have some declines.
Julie Sweet: Great. Well thank you, everyone. Before I wrap up, I did want to give a special shout out to Fabio Benasso, who leads our Italian business to his leadership team and all of our people in Italy. As you all saw, Italy was actually in lockdown in the entire three months of the quarter and it was an extraordinarily difficult time, and yet they delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency in Q3, because they stayed so close to our clients and to each other and I just thought it deserved a very special mention. As I wrap up, we really believe that Accenture is uniquely positioned today to help our clients succeed in the current environment, both because of what we do as well as how we do it. We are committed to shared success with our clients, people, shareholders and communities to living our core values and to being a trusted leader and responsible business. Thank you to our people and leaders for how you come together every day to deliver on our commitments, and a special thank you to our shareholders for your continued trust and support. Be well everyone, and thank you for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-03-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, I’d like to turn the conference over to your host, Angie Park, Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce our outstanding financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal ‘20. I want to start by thanking our leadership team and all of our people for their dedication to our clients and to delivering on our commitments. And it is because of our leaders and people that I have absolute confidence in our ability to adapt and successfully navigate the unprecedented global health crisis the world is now facing. I am incredibly proud of how our leadership team and people have rallied in the face of this crisis and works 24/7 to ensure the safety and well-being of each other and to continue to serve our clients at this time of great need. KC and I know that you are keenly interested in understanding how the coronavirus is impacting Accenture and our people. First, we are going to cover our starting point, KC will take you through Q2 results and I will give you color on the strength of our business and our growth strategy as we exited H1. Then I will specifically address the current environment in light of the coronavirus and how we are managing the impacts. Finally, KC will give you our updated business outlook. KC, over to you to go through our strong Q2 results.
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall financial results in the second quarter, which were aligned with our expectations and completed a very strong first half of the year. Both our Q2 and H1 results demonstrate the power of our highly differentiated growth strategy. A key intent of our growth strategy is to create durability in our revenue range at a level that is consistently above the market taking share and strengthening our position as a leader. Against this objective, we have created a unique footprint that includes scale and leadership in the world’s largest and most critical geographic markets and industries. This footprint, along with our highly relevant offering, from strategy and consulting to operations, is key to being a market leader in helping our clients the world’s leading companies rotate to the new. Now, let me begin by summarizing a few of the highlights for the quarter. Revenue growth of 8% in local currency was at the top end of our guided range for the quarter and reflected growth in 12 of our 13 industry groups, with 5 growing double-digit. Revenue continued to be driven by strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security related services and broad-based growth across our business dimensions. We continue to expand our leadership position with growth we estimated to be more than 2x the market. Operating margin was 13.4%, an increase of 10 basis points for the quarter and 20 basis points year-to-date, reflecting strong underlying profitability as we continue to invest in our business and in our people to position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $1.91 which represents 10% growth compared to last year and includes a 1% FX headwind. And finally, we generated significant free cash flow of $1.4 billion in the quarter and $2.1 billion year-to-date. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objectives with roughly $2.7 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. And we have made investments of $584 million in acquisitions primarily attributed to 17 transactions in the first half of the year. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year. With that, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were a record at $14.2 billion for the quarter and surpassed our previous all-time high by $1.3 billion. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.3 in the quarter and 1.1 year-to-date. Consulting bookings were $7.2 billion, a record high with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were also a record at $7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.4. We were very pleased with our new bookings which represent 22% growth in local currency and reflect our unique position in the market and continued strong demand for our services. Bookings continued to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud and security related services which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings in the quarter. Turning now to revenues, revenues for the quarter were $11.1 billion, a 7% increase in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.2 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $5 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency. Looking at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our dimensions: strategy and consulting services posted strong high single-digit growth; technology services grew mid single-digits; and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. H&PS led all operating groups with 15% growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in both health and public service. Double-digit growth in North America was driven by our U.S. federal business and we also had double-digit growth in the growth markets. Products grew 10%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group, with double-digit growth in life sciences, consumer goods and services as well as retail. We are very pleased with the double-digit growth in both North America and growth markets. Communications, Media and Technology delivered 5% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth in software and platforms. We had strong growth overall in the growth markets and solid growth in both North America and Europe. Resources grew 5% in the quarter driven by double-digit growth in energy with double-digit growth in chemicals in Europe and in the growth markets. Overall, we saw double-digit growth in the growth markets and strong growth in Europe. Finally, Financial Services grew 3% this quarter with solid growth in insurance. We continued to see modest growth in banking and capital markets globally, with strong growth in North America and in the growth markets and continued declines in banking and capital markets in Europe. Overall, in Financial Services, we continued to see double-digit growth in the growth markets and strong growth in North America partially offset by contraction in Europe. Turning to the geographic dimensions of our business, in North America, we delivered 11% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe, revenue grew 2% in local currency with double-digit growth in Germany, Italy and Ireland offset by a decline in the UK. And we delivered another very strong quarter in growth markets with 11% growth in local currency led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth as well as double-digit growth in Brazil. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 30.2% compared with 29.2% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.4% compared with 9.8% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.2% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.4% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.1% consistent with the effective tax rate for the second quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.91, an increase of 10% from EPS of $1.73 in the second quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 39 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 40 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $165 million. Our cash balance at February 29 was $5.4 billion compared with $6.1 billion in August 31. With regards to our ongoing objectives to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.7 million shares for $970 million at an average price of $206.73 per share. As of February 29, we had approximately $2.8 billion of share repurchased authority remaining. Also, in February, we paid our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $511 million. This represented a 10% increase over the equivalent quarterly rate last year and our Board of Directors declared our third quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on May 15, also a 10% increase over the equivalent quarterly rate last year. So, at the halfway point of fiscal ‘20, we have delivered very strong results. Even in the current environment, we remain extremely focused on achieving our longstanding financial objectives bring factors in market and taking share, generating modest margin expansion, while at the same time investing its scale for long-term market leadership, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to shareholders. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, KC. So, as we reflect in where we are for the first half, we delivered record bookings of $24.5 billion, revenue growth of 8% in local currency, 20 basis points of operating margin expansion and 8% increase in earnings per share and $2.7 billion in cash return to our shareholders, which means we exceeded H1 in a clear position of strength delivering outstanding results, taking market share and continuing to successfully execute our growth strategy. In H1, we continue to see how our unique business model, which spans services from strategy and consulting to operations, resonates with our clients who seek speed to value and our unparalleled digital and technology capabilities, ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and functional expertise, and incredibly talented people are making the difference. Let me give you color on the demand we saw from our clients in Q2 and H1 overall. This quarter, we had 18 clients with new bookings over $100 million and operations hit a milestone of 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. Let me double click on operations. First of all, congratulations to the entire operations team on this remarkable achievement. In operations where we continue to lead the market at nearly twice the size of our largest competitor, we have unparallel capabilities to create value for our clients by delivering tangible business outcomes at speed by leveraging our SynOps operating engine. This engine uses a truly unique approach combining data, applied intelligence and emerging technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. It allows our clients to reduce costs and achieve technology enabled enterprise transformation faster by using our engine rather than investing to build their own. Our operations capabilities span the enterprise from finance, HR, marketing, procurement, supply chain and digital manufacturing to industry specific offerings, such as banking and insurance operations, health claims operations and trust and safety, which is doing the vital work of helping to keep the internet safe. And the power of our operation services also comes from our unique business model which allows us to bring multidisciplinary teams to create new value for our clients. For example, Accenture was recently named Agency of Record for Kimberly Clark’s Baby and Childcare segment, a huge win for Accenture Interactive and their Droga5 Creative team combining creative talent with our unparalleled operations capabilities was key to our success enabling us to deliver customized, local, market-driven experiences powered by data and technology. And we are so proud that Droga5 was just recently named by Fast Company as one of the world’s most innovative companies. Our industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups also continues to be a core competitive advantage allowing us to bring deep industry and cross industry knowledge coupled with our technology, including our ecosystem relationships and applied intelligence capabilities to help our clients tap into new opportunities for growth. For example, for KDDI, the Japanese telecom operator, we are leveraging our data and analytics capabilities, the AWS platform and knowledge of the industry to grow their core business by improving customer retention and expanding services for existing customers. At the same time, with our broad industry expertise, we are uniquely positioned to partner with KDDI to help transform their business by expanding beyond telecom into the banking, insurance, electricity and automotive sectors. Finally, as always, let me highlight how our continuous innovation approach is driving our business. Last year, we launched Living Systems, a new approach to IT and business transformation. Living Systems is an innovation multiplier that creates value for our clients through a series of transformations, including organizational, technological and talent in an agile way, while efficiently managing applications and infrastructure for our clients. It fundamentally shifts IT to be measured by business outcomes rather than traditional metrics. This offering continues to gain momentum in the marketplace across multiple industries. For example, we are partnering with Cortiva, the major global agroscience company to enhance its performance through our Living Systems approach. We leveraged Accenture’s myWizard platform and analytics to enable Cortiva’s innovative product-driven IT organizations, while activating savings that funded essential projects during its first year as a public company. Innovation is core to our growth strategy and is in the DNA of Accenture. We just released our Accenture Technology Vision for 2020 marking the 20th anniversary of this annual thought leadership piece on the most important technology trends for the next few years. This is where we first predicted in 2013 that every business would be a digital business and today, digital is everywhere. It is the core of our business and our client’s business. This year’s research explores how enterprises need to think differently and re-imagine their fundamental business and technology approaches in a responsible human-centered way in order to deliver on the full promise and value of digital. Finally, we are incredibly proud that Ethosphere recently recognized us as one of the world’s most ethical companies for the 13th consecutive year and Fortune included Accenture under list of Best Companies to Work For in the U.S. for the 12th consecutive year ranking us #41, up significantly from #61 last year. Let me now turn to the coronavirus. We currently have two priorities, the safety and well-being of our people and continuing to serve our clients at this time of critical need. In addition to our exceptional leaders and people and strong financial hand, we are well-positioned to address the impacts of the growing global health crisis due to five key factors. First, our global management committee already operates our business as a virtual team. We do not have a headquarters, our top leaders are spread across the globe and Accenture has operated this way as a management team for over three decades. And so mobilizing to address this situation has been seamless. Second, we have a standing crisis management committee, which is led by our Chief Operating Officer, Jo Deblaere, one of our most experienced leaders. As designed, we were able to quickly activate our protocols and a team of our most senior leaders, who under the leadership of Jo and with support from across Accenture has done what can only be called a truly remarkable job. We have had these protocols in place, which we have tested and we tested for years through real and simulated crisises and they are focused in our people, business continuity, facilities management and financial impact, among other things. While we have not planned for a global pandemic, the ability to trigger these protocols and then adapt for this unprecedented situation is allowing us to move rapidly. For example, we have restricted travel and asked people to work remotely from home where possible. As of today globally, we have already enabled a very significant percentage of our people to work from home, including 60% – approximately, 60% of our people in our centers in India and the Philippines. And to give you a bit more color on how our crisis management team is operating. Some of our work cannot be done from home given the nature of the work and some employees do not have the ability to work from home. And these cases we have reduced the density of the people in our offices and centers and instituted extra hygiene procedures and social distancing protocols. We are working closely with our clients every step of the way as they also adapt to remote working environment and to-date, have not experienced any material service interruptions. Third, we are deeply experienced in working virtually and already have deployed at scale in the normal course in our business collaboration technologies and infrastructure for remote working. For example, with the largest user of teens by Microsoft in the world and in the last few weeks as we rapidly ramped more people working remotely from home, team’s audio usage has almost doubled from our typical 16 million minutes per day to almost 30 million minutes per day. We are using our deep experience of working together virtually across Accenture and with our clients to help adapt how we work together from home. Fourth, our strong corporate functions and investments we have made to digitize Accenture have always been key to our attracting and retaining talent and operating Accenture with rigor and discipline. Our top notch professionals in finance, HR, operations, geographic services, marketing and communications and CIO enabled by these significant investments in our own digitization are making the critical difference in how we are responding agility to the crisis and we are deeply grateful for their dedication and hard work. Finally, as our record bookings in Q2 demonstrate, our services are highly relevant to our clients. Our rotation to the new over the last several years now at over 60% of our business, our deep clients’ relationships with the world’s leading companies and our unique business model will enable us to help our clients succeed in this uncertain period and continue to position us strongly for the long-term. With that, I will turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, Julie. Before I get into our business outlook, I would like to provide some context. The coronavirus crisis is rapidly evolving and has created a significant amount of uncertainty. Our third quarter and full year guidance reflects our assumptions as of today based on the best information we have regarding the potential effect of the coronavirus on our business. There are number of factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and magnitude of the impact as well as those factors described in the quarterly filing we made earlier today. I would also like to point out that our guidance assumes a higher degree of impact to our financial results in Q3 with some improvement in the business environment in the fourth quarter either due to an improved situation or our clients having adjusted to operating in a new environment. With that said, let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ‘20, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.75 billion to $11.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 1.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal ‘19 and reflects an estimated negative 2% to positive 2% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘20, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now expect the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 1.5% compared to fiscal ‘19. For the full fiscal ‘20, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 3% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘19. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘20 to be a 14.7% to 14.8%, a 10 to 20 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘19 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal ‘19. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘20 to be in the range of $7.48 to $7.70 or 2% to 5% growth over fiscal ‘19 results. For the full fiscal ‘20, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $6.15 billion to $6.65 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask the questions. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Tien-tsin Huang. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good. Thanks so much. I hope everyone is safe and healthy. I want to ask on the – let me ask on your commitment to protect earnings, if a recession is longer than expected, I am curious what levers or levers you have that might be different than the credit crisis in ‘08/09 to protect margins if demand comes in weaker than expected? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: Yes, thanks Tien-tsin and thanks for taking time to calling today. So we talk about margin expansion in earnings. You have heard me talk about in the context of a few levers. So let me talk about that as it relates to how we are running our business now and how we think about that as we go forward in this environment. So I will start with pricing. You have always heard me talk about how earnings expansion really starts with pricing. So if we look at where we were pre-crisis in the first half of the year, our pricing in Q2 was relatively stable. So in this environment, we are fortunate to have our client executives who have longstanding relationship with our clients and they know how to help our clients navigate this uncertainty, but they also know how to ensure that we are making the right arrangements for both them and for us. So we sill have a focus on pricing. The second thing that we have talked about in terms of margin expansion is how we are going to continually invest and Tien-tsin that continues to be with what I consider, we consider competitive advantage for us. So we will be able to continue to expand margins, while we invest in our business and you have heard me say today that we continue to expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this year. We have already committed $1.1 billion to-date. So we have the ability to invest another $500 million in acquisitions, should those opportunities arise. So we continue to invest, and we’re also going to continue to invest in our people. We’re going to make sure that we have the capabilities that our clients need, both today and in the future, and we are going to invest, so that people can develop the skills that they will need for today and for tomorrow. In terms of what is a specific margin lever, Tien-tsin, that we would have now, I’ll just point to the help that we will get from not traveling, right? So even in a virtual organization like ours, you’ve heard Julie talk about the status of how often and how much we use Teams. We still with 500,000 people have significant travel costs, and we do see that decreasing as a result of the current environment and that is something that is unique during this time period, that does help support our margin expansion.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. That makes sense on the travel point. Maybe just a quick follow-up really helpful comments around your business continuity. Just curious, does your guidance reflect any sort of – maybe inability to deliver against the bookings in your signed contracts? I’m just curious if there is any sort of plans there, anything specific that we should be aware of on the, on the continuity side, it sounds like not, but just wanted to make sure?
KC McClure: Yes, so let me maybe take a second just explain how we arrived at our guidance overall, and Julie will talk about a lot of the continuity question that you had, Tien-tsin. So I think first of all, it’s important to step back and take a look at our trajectory for our year prior to the coronavirus. As you heard Julie and I talk, we exited H1 with very strong momentum, and we were on a path to be at the top end of our previous annual guidance range of 6% to 8%. And at a minimum, we would have been reconfirming all of the other elements in our guidance. But obviously, things are different and let’s talk a little bit about how we arrived at our guidance, and it really reflects how we manage our business today. So we took a look at our business from an industry, geography and a type of work, specifically the various services that we offer, and then we analyze the potential impacts from these unprecedented circumstances, such as you know, working remotely at this scale for us and for our clients and the fact that there will be more impacts in various industries and others. And then based on these impacts, we reasonably estimated what we saw today, as being the impact in our business in the second half of the year. So as a result of that, we lowered the top end of our previous guidance range from 8% to 6% as you have seen, and given the uncertainty, Tien-tsin, we also, as you saw broadened to a 3 point range for the full year and also 4 point range for Q3. There is an important thing that’s on the other side of the travel discussion that we just talked about, as it relates to margin. The other context is, the impact of lower travel on our revenue, and that’s really important, as you look at our lowered guidance range for the year. So the importance of that on revenue is, to understand that we will have a significant decline in our travel reimbursement revenue. And for the full year, that could be a full percent. So really, it could be as much as 2% in the second half of the year. So that is really reflected in the guidance range, where we said, we are at sort of negative 2% to positive 2%. And also, it’s important to understand that that is disproportionately weighted to our consulting type of work, probably, as you would expect. And lastly, before I hand over the Julie, I do want to just mention, probably the most important thing is, we continue to be laser focused on our clients during this time. As Julie mentioned in her script, we are clearly the fabric of our clients’ business now, more than ever, doing mission critical work. We are an integral part of their operations and we’re partnering with them on what they need. We know that the fundamental drivers of our business will continue to create tremendous opportunity for us in the long term, and we’re very confident in our positioning in the market. So thanks for letting me take a little bit of time to maybe expand a bit on guidance, because I thought it was important given the environment. And I hand it over to Julie to talk about continuity.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Really, what I want to take you through, Tien-tsin and thanks for the question, because clearly, the way we’ve updated guidance, is we are expecting that our business is going to evolve differently for the next two quarters for a whole host of reasons. So I think maybe what might be most helpful, is to kind of give you some color on what’s really happening on the ground with our clients. And there is really three sets of activities right now, right? So the first is, our clients are focused, as a first priority of the safety of their people and adjusting to the need to have remote working, right which for many of our clients is very new and we’re helping many of our clients make that adjustment. So for example, we have a client who asked us literally to go – when we partnered with Microsoft to do this, to go from zero people using Teams, in five days it’ll be their entire 61,000 workforce, right? So in 5 days zero to 61,000 right. And so as we look at it, our clients are very much focused on how to adjust to remote working, and that’s easier or harder depending on the nature of the industry and the kind of work, and at the same time, is responding to the crisis you have. Our clients for example in the public sector, who are having to respond not only for their own work forces, but to what they need to do for the public. So for example, we’re working with some of our public sector clients, to deploy more virtual agents that are pre-configured with COVID-19 advice to continue to free up capacity, to add to the more critical questions in our call center. So, the first is, safety of their own people and adjusting to this new environment, where they have to have remote working and make decisions about that. The second activity is really focused on mission critical services. That of course varies by company, but if you look at the work that we’re doing with our clients, we’re working very closely to them on mission critical services like – we do the settlement of services of trades for major banks. We do payroll services. We support many different healthcare services. We’re doing trust and safety services, keeping the Internet safe. So there is a big focus in this first phase on mission critical services, working together with our clients, being able to do that in some cases remote, in some cases, continuing to go into the centers. And then the third thing that’s going on with our clients, in parallel, of course, is the assessment of the impact on both the global health crisis and the disruption in the economy and what’s been happening with the travel restrictions, the restrictions of people needing to stay at home, in some cases sheltering and place. Now, as you might imagine, that assessment occurs along two vectors. It comes at the intersection of industry, technology and geography, as well as the individual circumstances of the clients. And so to give you some sense of the variety, I have a client in the utility industry that is of course dealing with the macro environment. But in my discussions with the CEO just this week, the first question was, hey, how do you feel Accenture, about your COVID-19 arrangements, because you do a lot of work for us. And then we went right back to our usual touch point on the ERP system that we are putting together, which they consider to be mission critical for how they operate. On the other side of the spectrum, you have a client in the industry – in automotive industry, that has been hard hit. We are executing our strategy beautifully there, because we’re helping them with enterprise transformation right and they are making choices in this environment, given what they’re facing. So in that case for example, they said look our HR transformation is mission critical. We may need to and are likely to postpone the finance transformation, and they’re working with us and their other partners, as they make the essential choices you would expect in this environment. If you go to a consumer goods client, that has less expectation of significant impact, our conversations with them are, help us understand how you are going to adjust and can we move even faster, because we think there is a competitive advantage in putting in place the ERP system that we’re helping them do. And then of course you have something like travel where what is critical at this time is very-very significantly different than many of the other industries for the obvious reasons. So as you think about our guidance, we’re thinking about how the impact is varying, looking at industry, geography and understanding the work, and anchored of course in much of the work that we do for our clients, is mission critical or critical to their agendas.
Tien-tsin Huang: That’s great. Thanks. Thoughtful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then is going to come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Julie. Hi, KC. Hi, Angie. Good morning and I hope you and the entire Accenture team are doing well in these kind of tough times. It seems based on and thanks for the very detailed answer to the previous question from Tien-tsin. It seems clients are beginning to respond, but still possibly quite considerably internally focused. So I am specifically interested in a couple of areas. For example, what would be the creative elements of Interactive that perhaps might not look so well with social distancing norms, how would something like that be affected? And then secondly, the conversion of bookings into revenues, it needs the knowledge transfer and things like that which might need travel, how wouldn’t that be impacting what are you looking at different pace of conversion?
Julie Sweet: Sure. It’s interesting because Accenture Interactive that has some of our creative minds, so probably best suited in fact in thinking very creatively about how to stay connected. Many of those as you may know – as you think about how they work, virtually often do work in studios and so they work virtually with our clients as well. At this point, we are really just focusing on how to adapt the virtual environment and keep them and keep people connected. And so from an Accenture perspective, we feel very confident in our workforce being able to adjust and then of course working with our clients to help them do so. With respect to knowledge transfer, that’s a great question. And as you might imagine, because we are so familiar with how to do virtual, what we have done is rapidly look at, I mean, it’s one of the first things we do, how do you do knowledge transfer remotely. Some of it is already there. And to be honest, we have had a lot of that and oftentimes our clients have wanted to do it onsite even though we said it could be done much more efficiently. And one of the things you should recognize is that this is really going to be helping accelerate also the digital transformation of our clients, right, because our clients, for example, some of whom who wouldn’t have allowed us to work from now who are giving us permission who don’t themselves work remotely who aren’t using collaboration technologies are now being forced to and the upside for them is really the opportunity to accelerate the cultural change and the digital transformation. So on knowledge transfer, to answer your specific question we have put in place new ways of doing that, but it’s based on thinking that in this case we have already done. Do you think about SAP, one of the first things we did, SAP, Oracle, any of our systems is that we have looked at all of our methodologies, obviously, our methodologies today do involve being onsite and so we are converting them and then pushing that out across our workforce and helping our clients understand it. We are rapidly doing testing of those methodologies. And so at some point of course there is limitations. You do need to be able to get together for some pieces of it. And of course just remember, today, we have people working in offices as do our clients for essential work. And so on balance right, we have rapidly moved to use all of our knowledge to be able to convert, to help our clients do that to change our methodologies and then as we continue forward depending on the duration and the magnitude, our expectation today is we will get into a rhythm that continues to allow the essential things to happen over time.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you for that. And then the second question is with regards to sort of the underlying assumptions for the new updated guidance? To what extent are you – and this might just too early, but to what extent are you able to sort of make assumptions about some of the secondary impact say for example, looking on a vertical basis, financial services companies might be – profitability might be affected because the rates are in resources there are number of examples of profitability being affected or supply chains being affected, how are you thinking through that?
Julie Sweet: I mean our guidance and KC can add anything she’d like. At this point, we are giving you the guidance we see over the next six months, based on the best information we have today. And as you said, it’s early to speculate how some of this may play out on the individual industries and it’s just – it’s quite early.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, thank you and thanks for the transparency in what you’re seeing on the ground. So of course its imperfect and it’s still very early, but the best reference point many investors have for understanding, kind of how Accenture’s business reacts to this sort of sudden shock, is looking back at the financial crisis. However, of course, you now have Accenture Interactive you now have Accenture Operations, big pieces of the business that are very different. Can you just kind of give your perspective, whether you like it or not, I guess that that comparison is probably being made? So how do you think about how this situation might be different or similar to what we saw 10 plus years ago? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well at a macro level, of course, there are some real differences and that several years ago, that was about an economic crisis and today, because of the global health crisis you’re dealing with circumstances that are quite different in terms of, you know globally, clients having to move to work from home and what that does in terms of just the adaptation that they’re making, the cessation of commerce and retail etcetera in many communities, and so what I would say is, you kind of start with – this isn’t just an economic crisis, which one would never have thought that they would say that, as they look back at the financial crisis. But you are really dealing with two things. So, as you think even about how we expect the situation to evolve and then I’ll come to how we are different, as we enter into this, but you’d expect – what we are expecting is that right now, as clients are very focused in adapting to, not just the economic disruption, but as I said in those three buckets of things having to adjust how they’re working. Right, that’s why our guidance assumes that there’ll be an improvement in the business environment in Q4, either because the situation is better or because simply clients and ourselves, are adjusting to working together. But I would say, as you think about today that is at very different circumstances than the financial crisis, but as we look at it, we can’t imagine a better positioned company to address it for all the reasons that we talk about. This thing though is the nature of our services today. As you saw with our results in H1, if you go back to what have we been focusing on? We’ve been focusing on building the digital core of our clients, which is moving to the cloud, having the right systems, all of which this current crisis actually points out to, are very critical, right. And then the first wave of that, you’re just seeing it in the demand for us to help them improve their infrastructure, deploy collaboration technologies and so on. The second thing we’ve been helping them with is optimize their operations and the ability to use technology, not only to reduce costs, but to be more productive. And what you are seeing even now we are already having inbound things about, can you help us achieve more savings through technology in the shorter term? So we have very relevant offerings and what’s really interesting, if you go back to the financial crisis and operations, that business is very different. It was much more around labor arbitrage with some analytics on top of it. Today, as I talked about earlier, our business in Operations, our business in Living systems start fundamentally with technology platforms that we have built, so that as our clients are making decisions, do they invest themselves to build something, or should they leverage here. The current crisis actually makes those investments we’ve been making for years, even more attractive and relevant, because clients will have less investment capacity, they will need to move fast, and they’ve got to address the challenges. And so the final area is around accelerating the growth agenda and this is where Accenture Interactive is critical. I mean just think about what’s happening right now. People are staying home and they’re getting online and they can’t go to stores. The opportunity over time to engage differently with your customers, to establish different relationships, are going to be very important and Accenture Interactive is at the core, right, of customer experience and very relevant. So we knew coming out of H1, you see the strength of that. But as you think about what’s actually happening, and of course it’s still early days, but we could see what’s going – our services, we believe will be even more relevant rate, as we get through this first period, where we need to, and I just want to be clear, at the end of the day, we have to serve our clients, and we need to help them adjust. We need to make sure their mission critical services are continuing, and then help them evaluate how to navigate, grow and address this, and that will be very different in different industries and companies and we are very – this is where our relationships matter so much. 95 of our top 100 clients, we have been there for over 10 years. So I feel very confident and I think we are in a very significant position of strength as we go into this chapter.
KC McClure: Yes. And maybe one thing I’d just add is – one thing that I would say that, we do expect that we saw coming out of the last crisis, that we also believe we’re well positioned this time again, is taking market share. So when we came out of the last financial crisis, we did take market share and that is our expectation that we are – as we look long term, that we will have tremendous opportunities for us over the long-term by staying close to our clients.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you. Then maybe my follow-up is on the talent side. I mean your 500,000 people are the most critical asset of Accenture. Can you just remind us, I mean it looks like headcount slowed a little bit in this last quarter, but it’s still running close to 7%. So, just as you think about this kind of sudden shock, can you just remind us how you manage rebalancing the types of skills and level of headcount you need in a very rapidly changing environment, what levers you’re pulling, just around slowing hiring etcetera? Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Thanks. It’s a great question. So first of all, just philosophically we are not ever going to be shortsighted here. And as you said, our people are really our competitive advantage and we are the envy of the industry. And so as we look at this, we do a couple of things. First of all, we’re obviously slowing recruiting, but we’re still recruiting, like for example, in Italy – and we all know the situation there. We’re still recruiting for security right now, because as our clients have been moving to home, they need greater health and security services. And just you know, a shout out to our HR team, we’ve rapidly turned our onboarding into entirely virtual, so that we can continue to recruit the critical services our clients need during this time, when obviously we cannot have people coming to the office. The second thing that we do, is we look at where we need skills and our ability to pivot people because of course, we are a great learning organization right, and so one of the first things we always do is, where is the demand and what can we do, and we’ve trained over 300,000 people in the last couple of years just on new IT. And so, part of what we will be doing – a significant part, is making sure that we also are able to adapt. For example, if you just look at the digital – the need for digital workplace; in this week alone, we took 600 people and spun them up and trained them on all the skills they need, to be deploying these technologies like Teams, because our clients rapidly needed that for the demand. And so in its first phase, our focus is of course, the slowing down on our recruiting, except where we need the critical skills and then deploying our people at the demand and we won’t be shortsighted.
Lisa Ellis: Wonderful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. One moment please. And our next question from Bryan Keane. Please go ahead. Just another moment.
Angie Park: Why don’t we go to the next person in queue, please?
Bryan Keane: Can you guys hear me?
Angie Park: Sorry, Bryan.
Julie Sweet: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Keane: Hey, guys. I am not sure what the issue is there, just wanted to ask about the guidance. Is the guidance about what the quarter looks like so far in March, and then straight-lining that forward, or is there an estimate on what kind of deterioration you’ll see? And then thinking you mentioned a little bit, I assume most of the guidance reduction is in consulting and not outsourcing? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. So let me start with the second part of your question first. So, as we look to what we think the back half of the year will be by type of work, we do think that consulting could be low-single digit positive or negative and remember, that also factors in – as they get a more disproportionate impact of the lower travel reimbursement revenue, Bryan. In the back half of the year, outsourcing will be low to mid single digit positive. Both types of work right now as you have seen are high single-digit growth. So at the end of the year, we do see consulting at low to mid single digit growth for the full year, and outsourcing at mid to high single digit. And what I would just give, in terms of other color on our guidance, just as an overall point. Is that we’ve done the risk profile, as you know, it’s higher than normal. We have provided our guidance in that context, based on what we see today. As a leadership team, we’re going to be as relevant as we can to our clients, and as we’ve always said, it’s our job to try to deliver as high as we can, the range. But I think it’s also important to note that in this environment, we believe it’s reasonably possible that we can land anywhere in this range. So our guidance does take into consideration what we see today, but Bryan, the environment remains fluid and evolve differently from our assumptions.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on staffing, thinking about staffing issues, is Accenture seeing any impact to the guidance due to – you’re not able to get on company sites. So just trying to think about the supply side issue of the guidance versus the demand issue?
Julie Sweet: Yes, I mean obviously we’ve got – its sort of client by client, and by the way our legal department is doing an amazing job right now because – as you might imagine, many of our contracts didn’t even contemplate ever working from home, right, and so they’ve been working client by client sort of 24/7 to evaluate that. But it’s just a mix and so I’d just tell you, our guidance is kind of taking into account, all of these different factors and that’s where we updated it to.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Stay safe. Thanks so much.
Angie Park: Thank you. Operator, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question then will come from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Julie Sweet: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to just clarify some comments you made on the remote operations. I heard 60% in India and Philippines, curious, can you move that to a higher level or is that currently the max? And then just as far as the global mix of workforce, how are you thinking about the ability to deliver remotely on the total base of operations and what do you think that will go to ultimately?
Julie Sweet: Well, so, in the Philippines, we’re probably about where we are expect to be. In India, we’re still adding. But again, it really depends on the nature of the work, and so we wouldn’t expect it to be much higher than that, because some of the work – if you think about bandwidth, the need for power. What our employees can do in some – their conditions and then sort of be availability, the bandwidth on some of the things that take more bandwidth. So it’s going to go a little bit higher in India. But I think we’re in a pretty good position. Around the world, it varies. I mean, look at in Italy we are at 85% to 90%, in Spain, 90%. So globally, it’s actually much higher, right, because of the nature of the workforce. So you really have to look at nature of the work and country by country. But as my stat, at 16 million minutes a day to 30 million minutes a day, so we’ve mobilized very quickly.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. And then just as far as demand and the guidance, can you just discuss clients, what you are seeing in their spending priority, understanding it’s fluid, how are clients considering spend across those new areas versus traditional IT areas here – I mean, the crisis, and really just trying to understand what’s built into the guide across those two channels or whether you want to break it down by how you formulated the guide by industry verticals or regions? Just trying to understanding one layer of depth down on the guidance assumptions?
Julie Sweet: Why don’t you take that?
KC McClure: We did take a look, as I mentioned we – Bryan, we did take a look at different geographies, the lens of geography in our guidance. We also looked at the lens of industries. And we did take a look at which ones will be more severely impacted in our view, I’d put – as Julie talked about, we did mention, travel is a small part of Accenture’s business, it’s about 3% of our revenue and had already been in decline even before coming into this crisis. So that’s one industry, although it’s not a big part, we have important clients there, so not big part of our revenues, but travel is an industry. We talked last quarter about industrial being a little bit under pressure in North America and Europe. We do think – that’s about 7% of Accenture’s revenue and we do think that will be – continue to be affected, go forward. And I think within high tech, where we have our aerospace and defense business, that obviously will be – continue to be impacted as well. So maybe that gives just a little bit of color on some of our industries.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Alright. Thank you again for joining us on today’s call. As we navigate the current environment, it is important to remember that we will continue to invest in our business and our people for the long-term. The fundamentals of our business are strong and we plan to emerge even stronger. I cannot emphasize enough my gratitude for the extraordinary efforts of our leaders and our people around the world, to both take care of each other and continue serving our clients, which they have done, even as they are concerned for their own health and health of their loved ones and communities. I also want to thank our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence and our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients. Perhaps what is most unprecedented about the situation we face is how universal the tragedy is, that is unfolding around the world. It truly affects us all and I hope that each of you and your family and friends are healthy and continue to be well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10.30 a.m. today through June 25, 2020. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 2467991. International participants may dial 402-970-0847. Again, those numbers are 866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with an access code of 2467991. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-12-19 08:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Julie Sweet - Chief Executive Officer KC McClure - Chief Financial Officer Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's, First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2020 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer, and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us. Today we are very pleased to announce strong financial results for the first quarter, continuing our momentum from fiscal year ‘19. We are especially pleased with our revenue growth of 9% in local currency, well ahead of the market, which is broad-based across all dimensions of our business. We also delivered strong profitability and again returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our strong results across industries and geographic markets reflect the diversity and scale of Accenture's business around the world. We are very well-positioned to continue creating value for all our stakeholders. We're off to a great start in Q1 and we feel confident in our ability to deliver another strong year in fiscal ‘20.  Now, let me hand it over to KC who will review the numbers in detail. 
KC McClure : Thank you, Julie. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call.  We were very pleased with our Q1 results, which were strong across all dimensions of our business and position us well to achieve our full-year business outlook. Once again, the broad-based strength of our results demonstrates the durability of our business, the relevance of our services in the marketplace and our scale and leadership in the world’s largest and key geographic markets. Our results reflect very strong execution against our three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. Revenue growth of 9% in local currency was well above the top end of our guided range for the quarter. Growth was broad based across all dimensions of our business, with the majority of industries growing at a high-single or double-digit rate.  Results continue to be driven by strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security-related services, and our 9% growth represents continued market share gain as we extend our leadership position. Our operating margin was 15.6% for the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points. Importantly, we delivered this expansion while investing significantly in our people and in our business to position us for long-term market leadership. We delivered very strong EPS of $2.09, which represents 7% growth, which includes an FX headwind of about 2%.  And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $692 million and returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We also invested $110 million in acquisitions in the quarter to bolster our skills and capabilities in strategic, high-growth areas of our business, and we expect to invest up to $1.6 billion in acquisitions this fiscal year.  Now, let me turn to some details for the quarter. New bookings were $10.3 billion. Consulting bookings were $6 billion, with a book-to-bill of 0.9. Outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 0.9. This quarter our bookings continue to be well-balanced across the dimensions of our business and continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud and security-related services, which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings.  Overall Q1 bookings landed in the range that we expected, and followed our historical pattern of lower bookings in the first quarter. As you know, quarterly bookings can be lumpy, and looking forward we have a strong pipeline and expect strong bookings in Q2.  Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $11.4 billion, a 7% increase in U.S. dollars and nine percent in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.4 billion up 7% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $5.0 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Looking at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our dimensions; technology Services and strategy and consulting services, both posted strong high single-digit growth and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth for the 24th consecutive quarter.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups. H&PS grew 13% in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in both health and public service, including double-digit growth in North America and growth markets and strong growth in Europe.  Products grew 12%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group, with double-digit growth in life sciences and consumer goods, retail and travel services. We continue to see strong demand for our services across all three geographies. Resources grew 7% in the quarter, with double-digit growth in energy and strong growth in utilities. Overall, we saw double-digit growth in both Europe and gross markets.  Communications, Media and Technology delivered 7% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth in software and platforms, with double-digit growth in Europe and strong growth in gross markets. Finally, Financial Services grew 6% this quarter. Insurance again grew double-digits and we saw continued improvement in banking and capital markets globally.  Overall, Financial Services delivered double-digit growth in growth markets and strong growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We expect to see continued challenges and banking capital markets in Europe and the near-term.  Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I am very pleased with the continued demand across all three of our geographic markets, which illustrates the diversity of our business which continues to serve us well.  In North America we delivered 9% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe revenue grew 7% in local currency with double-digit growth in Italy, Germany and Ireland and high single-digit growth in France. And we delivered another very strong quarter in growth markets with 13% growth in local currency led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth. We also had double-digit growth in Brazil and Singapore.  Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.1% compared with 31.1% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% compared to 10.1% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expenses were 6.1% compared to 5.6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.8 billion for the first quarter, reflecting a 15.6% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 19.8% for the first quarter last year.  Diluted earnings per share were $2.09 compared with EPS of $1.96 in the first quarter last year. Days service outstanding were 43 days compared to 40 days last quarter and 42 days in the first quarter of last year.  Free cash flow for the quarter was $692 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $787 million, net of property and equipment additions of $95 million, and our cash balance at November 30th was $5.8 billion compared with $6.1 billion at August 31st.  With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter we repurchased or redeemed 3.8 million shares for $729 million at an average price of $189.65 per share. At November 30 we had approximately 3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November we paid our first quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share for a total of $508 million. This represents a 10% increase over the equivalent, quarterly rate last year and our Board of Directors declared our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on February 14, also a 10% increase over the equivalent quarterly rate last year.  So in summary, we were very pleased with our Q1 results and we are off to a good start in fiscal ‘20.  Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you KC. Our first-quarter performance reflects continued strong demand for our services, as well as the disciplined execution of our growth strategy. Accenture is uniquely positioned to partner with our clients to successfully achieve transformation across the enterprise.  We have unparalleled technology capabilities and ecosystem partnerships, deep industry and function expertise, a focus on continuous innovation, digital at scale and incredibly talented people. We create value for our clients from building out their digital core to helping them innovate across their growth agenda and realize significant value from optimizing their operations. ‘The New’ digital, cloud and security is now our core, accounting for about 65% of total revenues, and we are focused on continuous innovation across these services. In cloud for example, we have more than 300 patents and pending patent applications. We have 90,000 cloud professionals and are the leading global partner of Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure. And I am very pleased that we just launched MyNAP, a groundbreaking new platform to help clients accelerate their cloud transformation.  Identifying the right cloud solutions can be complicated, so the key is stimulating and testing a scaled-up model to quantify value and build the business case, giving clients confidence in the potential benefits so they can move forward quickly. This is just another great example of our continuous innovation mindset and how we drive speed to value for our clients.  Over the past few months, I have been spending time in many of our key geographic markets around the world, meeting with our clients, our people and our ecosystem partners. We have scale in every major market and we are the leader, number one in both North America and Europe and number three in growth markets where we continue to rapidly gain market share. As an example, we have reached scale in China with more than 17,000 people, and this is a key strategic market for us and our Global Clients.  Let me double-click on our major markets. Our eight largest countries as we move around the world; the U.S., the U.K., Italy, Germany, France and Spain and Europe and Japan and Australia in the growth markets. These countries account for nearly 80% of our revenues and they all generate $1 billion or more in annual revenues. They also are home to more than 85% of our 200 diamond clients, our largest relationships with the world's leading companies.  Our extensive global presence has always positioned us uniquely in the market to deliver best-in-class global programs for the largest multinational companies. And today it has created yet another competitive advantage, which is the ability to create value at speed and scale by leveraging our global expertise tailored to the local context.  Leveraging our global network of more than 100 innovation hubs that we have built over the last few years, we can bring innovation from every corner of the world to our clients. And while the theme of transformation is common across the globe, it plays out at the intersection of industry technology and geography. We see growing and significant differences by country, while at the same time our global footprint gives us the opportunity to leverage our learnings and our talent from around the world to accelerate outcomes for our clients.  Let me bring this to life with a few examples from our Resources business. The ways in which energy is produced, consumed and distributed are changing dramatically. But the shape and pace of the change and the opportunities for Accenture are different around the world. In Europe, we are working with clients in France and Italy to help them succeed in the transition to a low carbon economy. For Engie, the French Multinational Utility company, we are teaming with sales force and velocity, which we have a minority investment on a global unified CRM platform for more than 15,000 employees.  The new platform gives Engie a common intelligent view of its customers across more than 70 countries and empowers employees to strengthen customer relationships and provide personalized recommendations to support Engie’s new zero-carbon transition strategy for the Fortune Global 500.  In Italy we are collaborating with Snam, which operates the largest gas transmission network in Europe, to identify Internet-of-Things technologies on the Microsoft Azure platform, leveraging connected devices, as well as machine learning, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics to optimize the monitoring and maintenance of energy infrastructure to make it smarter and more sustainable, as well as more efficient.  In the United States we are working with Southern Company, the gas and electric utilities, which is building the first new nuclear reactor in the U.S. in 30-years. Partnering with Southern Company, Accenture built the new cloud-based construction work management system on the Amazon GovCloud platform from scratch in just six months. This enabled Southern Company to expand and accelerate plant construction as it strives to bring this clean carbon-free energy production online for 500,000 homes and businesses.  Let me pause for a moment and take a step back. Each of these examples demonstrates the power of our unique business model, which spans services from strategy to operations, with digital and technology at the core. This enables us to create the multidisciplinary teams that are needed to not just create a vision of transformation, but to execute and scale and give our clients the confidence that they will achieve real value.  If you think about the environment our clients are navigating, unprecedented change, the need for speed and major investments to drive their enterprise transformation, our unique model and capabilities give us an incredible competitive advantage to be the partner of choice for the world's leading companies. Now, let me turn to Accenture’s greatest and undeniable strength, which is our people. During the first quarter the number of Accenture people surpassed 500,000, a significant milestone. I want to thank each and every one of them for their incredible commitment and dedication to serving our clients.  As always, we continue to strengthen our leadership team, which now includes more than 8,000 Managing Directors. I was delighted that earlier this month we promoted 787 new Managing Directors and Senior Managing Directors, including a record 260 new women Managing Directors, accounting for 36% of the promotions to this level.  And before I turn it back to KC, I just want to mention some of the great recognition we have recently received for our long-term success and cutting-edge capabilities. We are especially proud that Droga5, which joined Accenture Interactive last April was named Agency of the Decade by Adweek, which characterize Droga5 as a dominating creative force.  Interbrand ranked Accenture number 31% on its list of top global brands, our highest ranking ever. Our brand value increased 14% for the second year in a row, and I want to recognize Amy Fuller, our Chief Marketing Officer, her team and all our people for this great work to continually strengthen the Accenture brands.  With that, I will turn it over to KC to provide our updated fiscal ‘20 business outlook. KC? 
KC McClure : Thanks Julie. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal ‘20 we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.85 billion to $11.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 1% compared to the second-quarter fiscal ‘19 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency.  For the full fiscal year ’20, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to expect the impact of FX on our result in U.S. dollars, will be approximately negative 1% compared to fiscal ‘19. But for the full fiscal ‘20 we now expect our revenue to be in the range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘19.  For operating margin we continue to expect fiscal year ‘20 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 to 30 basis-point expansion over fiscal ‘19 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal ‘19.  For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘20 to be in the range of $7.66 to $7.84 or 4% to 7% growth over fiscal ‘19 results. For fiscal ‘20 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $6.35 billion to $6.75 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.7 billion to $6.1 billion.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders.  With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie? 
Angie Park : Thanks KC. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask the question.  Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Moffett Nathanson. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning guys and happy holidays! I just wanted to ask a question on acquisitions. I think KC you mentioned you are expecting to spend up to about $1.6 billion on acquisitions this year. Can you just give a little bit more color on the expected contribution to revenue growth this year from acquisitions and then also what you're, you know what your focus areas are for M&A? Thank you. 
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So happy holidays to you to Lisa. In terms of our expected contribution to revenue in full fiscal year ‘20 from inorganic, we continue to expect it to be about 2%, which was in line of what we also had last year. And in terms of focus areas, I’m going to hand it over to Julie. 
Julie Sweet: Great! Let me give you a color. So happy holiday to you too Lisa and thanks for joining us. So our acquisition strategy continues to be centered really around three focused sales – focus areas. The first is scaling in the hot skill areas where we see a big market opportunity. The second is continuing to add skills and capabilities in The New. And then the third is deepening our industry and functional expertise. And as you might imagine, acquisitions don't always fit exactly into one of those three; they often cross those. So let me just give you like a little bit of sense of just the three that we just announced in the last few months.  So if you start in the U.S., we announced that we're buying, we're acquiring Clarity Insights, which is a leading provider of data science and applied intelligence capabilities. They are very focused on three industries; Healthcare and Financial – banking capital markets and insurance, which are priority areas for us globally and in particular in the U.S. And at the same time they bring with them accelerators that will help us bring more speed to value for our clients, and they are focused on one of our most important markets, so they are helping us scale where we already have scale, but it's a very hot area in Applied Intelligence, because it really crosses our services.  Then if you move around the world and go to Europe, Silveo which we announced and expect to close actually just in a couple of days which is headquartered in London, they are a company that's focused on supply chain and manufacturing and particularly solutions on SAP and Dassault Systems which are both important partners. And so they are very much a part of our industry X.O strategy and at the same time providing scale and functional expertise in core areas for us; SAP, Dassault Systems and supply chain.  And then if you move again around the world to China, where I was just there a few weeks ago, we're really excited about future move automotive. I actually spent a few hours there myself, really touching and feeling the work that they're doing and they are digital and mobility service provider for the automotive industry in China, incredibly advanced right, working with leading automakers there and what's so exciting is not only does this acquisition help us really partner with our clients in China, but they are advanced services and what they are doing with the connected car is something we’ll be able to leverage and bring as innovation all around the world, because we have important clients who are not only operating in China, but in the U.S. and Europe.  And so that just sort of gives you a flavor and as you can probably tell, I'm so enthusiastic about what our team is delivering here, because it's very much targeted on making an impact close to clients in our markets around the world, but also bringing us skills that we can leverage around the world. 
Lisa Ellis: Terrific! Thank you. And then maybe just for my follow-up, I know this is the time of year you are in a lot of discussions with clients around your 2020 programs with them. What are you seeing that's going to be different about 2020 in terms of the types of work you are doing with clients compared to 2019? Thanks. 
Julie Sweet: It's very much more of the same in the sense of enterprise-wide transformation and then a focus on innovation, particularly around the growth agenda, and then continuing to optimize operations, and that really, that's been the theme and it continues to be the theme. In fact, I think since September 1 I've met with over 100 C-suite executives, and I'm very confident of – that we have a pulse on the demand and that we have the capabilities they need.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Foresi: Hi! I wondered if we could talk about the cadence on bookings. I know that we’ve – and you said many times in the past that it can be lumpy. We saw it a little bit light ending I guess this quarter. So maybe you could talk about how you see the cadence and what we should expect from a seasonality perspective. 
KC McClure: Yes sure. Hey Jos, thanks for joining. Yes, so you're right, you've heard us talk about – and you know us very well. You know that our history of bookings, you do see lumpiness. And I think really the most important thing and that's within that is that we're very pleased with the demand for our services in the marketplace, and if you think about that in the backdrop of bookings.  So we're coming off a quarter, Q4, which was our records bookings quarter, and that was a record by more than $1 billion. We had strong bookings that came in the range that we expected in quarter one, right, and we talked about that last quarter. We tend to have it seasonally, lower quarter in one, so again this met our expectations, and that very importantly we have a strong pipeline and we see strong bookings in quarter two.  And I think the other part of demand that's important, and you saw this in our results in the first quarter as well, is that we have broad-based demand in our revenue, right, and we far exceeded the upper end of our guidance by more than $160 million. So you would see that bookings demand – you see the demand in the market coming through our bookings, both in terms of what we've done last quarter, bookings coming in the range that we expected this quarter, a strong pipeline with strong bookings expected in quarter two, as well as broad-based, over-delivery of our expected range in the first quarter in revenue, which allowed us to increase our revenue range for the year.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then maybe you could talk a little bit about your expectations from a demand perspective across the verticals and the geographies. I’m particularly interested in Financial Services and what's going on with the European banks, but any color you know from a very high level across those geos and verticals would be very helpful? And happy holidays as well. 
Julie Sweet: Hi Joe, this is Julie. Happy holidays! So maybe just kind of going across, let me just start with Financial Services, right. So on the Financial Services side, as you say Europe continues to be a challenging market in the industry and for us, and so we expect that we're going to continue to face challenges there, particularly in the UKI right. But overall our Financial Services business, if you look at North America and the growth markets, you know it remains robust, right. But we continue to expect challenges in Europe.  If you just look at – take it up a little [ph] across the dimensions of our business and our industries, North America delivered very strong results. We are seeing continued momentum there. We have a very strong business in Europe, and so while we've got pockets of pressure in Financial Services and the other area I would call out in Europe is we have seen pressure in industry and automotive. But otherwise Europe remains a strong business, and in fact 12 out of 13 of our industries this quarter had positive growth.  And then the growth markets keep being strong really across-the-board. The only other place of pressure that I would call out was in North America, we did also see not surprisingly some pressure in industry and automotive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang : Thanks, good morning. Good revenue acceleration here. I wanted to first ask on gross margin expansion. Actually it's one of the largest increases we've seen in some time looking at the model here. Would you attribute that large expansion to and then same thing on SG&A, that spend was up, can we assume that that's driving some prospecting and deal pursuit costs given your positive comments on bookings? 
KC McClure: Yeah, so thanks for the question and hello Tien-tsin. In terms of how we look at our business as you all know, we first always start with looking at operating margin, and because the way our payroll costs works as you well know Tien-tsin, based on the activities that we have people doing from quarter-to-quarter and the demand that we see in the marketplace, you can see differences in the different segments of our income statement.  So as it relates to the gross margin increase this quarter, it is tied to the sales and market, what's happening in sales and marketing, where we have more people out working our pipeline. So that will help our gross margin, and then you'll see the offsetting impact in sales and marketing. And you're right, that does tie in to the statements we've made of having – continuing to have a very strong pipeline. 
Tien-tsin Huang : Okay. No, that’s helpful. KC, real quick if you don’t mind. Just on the consulting revenue growth, that has been improving here and I guess widening the gap to your consulting bookings growth or pattern. What explains the faster conversion? Thanks for the second question, I appreciate it. 
A - KC McClure: Yes, so we really haven't seen any change in conversion Tien-tsin of our overall bookings, just overall to revenue. You know that can be within a range and that can vary. So as we look at what we've done in consulting bookings, we feel very good with our bookings for the quarter, as well as our pipeline, and see also strong bookings in quarter two as well in consulting.  Then if you look at what our – production of our bookings in relation to revenue, you know we look at that over a prolonged period of time, and so we're still in the zone that we like, which is a book-to-bill ratio of about one point.
A - Julie Sweet: Yes, and Tien-Tsin hi. Hello! Nice to talk to you. And I would say, you know as we talked about last quarter, you know from the revenue side we are very pleased with mid-to-high single-digit growth and you're going to have some quarters here in mid, you have some quarters here in the high-growth, that's the zone we want to be in, because the context for our strategy and consulting business, you need to look at it in the context of our overall business.  You know big drivers of growth are the fact that we can bring together these multi-disciplinary teams to drive enterprise-wide transformations, right. That is our huge competitive advantage. It's the demand that we see in the market, right, and it's our ability to actually go from strategy to operations, to feel these teams that really is what drives big growth in our business and of course that at the core we've got the digital and technology.  So we look at our strategy and consulting business in the context of the needs we are trying to fulfill for our clients, which are very much around these multidisciplinary teams that span our services, which frankly nobody else can do, right, at our scale. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Darrin Peller : Thanks guys. You know it's amazing to see the headcount, where it is right now, and so if you could just quickly comment on you know your thoughts on talent management and going forward from this kind of a level, your ability to hire what you need, what you've always been obviously extremely strong at, and then maybe just comment on the linearity and the model now; maybe looking forward given where you are around the new and the type of revenue?
Julie Sweet: Sure. I mean maybe just to start with, you know our philosophy right around people and size, because you know every time we hit a milestone, it's always ‘can you keep doing it? Are you able to get the people?’ and so first of all our philosophy is that we can continue to grow in size as long as what our people are doing is the high-value work that drives our financial objectives, right, and so we're very focused on what our people are doing versus how many people we have, because the size part of it is about our ability to manage and we're really good at that, right.  Like over the years we've made the adjustments, we've done the things we need to do to focus on our clients and our people, and so the big focus for us is on what our people are doing, which ties to the demand that we see in the market, right.  We are early innings of digital transformation, enterprise-wide transformation. We are constantly seeing new emerging tech. You know for example, we're doing some great work with [Inaudible] Japan where we're putting in one of the most significant early examples of using block-chain to drive their business or creating a platform that allows their customers to access other financial products. That's very new cutting-edge, right, we're still at the beginning. So we see the demand for these new high-value services still quite early.  Then you look at the model itself. We don't see the model today as being linear. I mean one of the things that people often talk about is well, you’re continuing to grow. But underneath that is we've been automating; we've been using people and their talents differently. I mean we often talk about the automation in our operations business where there, we actually didn't let people go. We automated and then up-skilled them to do the higher-value work, but not just in operations, but if you look at our other assets.  So we are constantly – we don't have a linear model today, because we are constantly doing what we're doing for our clients, is leveraging technology to change the mixture of how we are using tech and our people to again continue to focus on the higher-value services, and so you know we are – and hopefully that gives you kind of the color for how we think about our model. 
Darrin Peller : Yeah, no that is helpful. Just a quick follow-up is on pricing. I mean again, it seems like as you've trained your people to do the higher part of the food chain, you are able to pass that through. Any changes on that pattern or has pricing held up, just given competition has also picked up for digital. Thanks guys. 
KC McClure: Yeah, so pricing – you know the environment for pricing remains competitive, right, and that's always the nature of the work that we do. Now within that, we are able to see pricing differentiation in areas where we're differentiated, where we've invested, and we do continue to see that we have pricing improvement in some areas of our business continuing in this quarter. It’s a constant focus for us and that really is the key part of – the key first lever to really driving our margin expansion pricing. So we are always – we always have been and will always continue to be focused on driving pricing that's the right value for the client and for Accenture. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Harshita Rawat : Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask about industry X.O. It's a relatively new business for you and somewhat early innings, so can you talk about the journey in Interactive which was a new business for many, many years ago and now a huge revenue contributor. So can you talk about that journey, the lessons there and how you plan to go about scaling Industry X.O. Thank you. 
A - Julie Sweet: Thanks Harshita, that's a great question, and we often you know internally talk about the analogies, because you'll remember with Accenture Interactive, that growth came from a mixture of both, inorganic and organic, and very much fueled though by the power of Accenture. So even as we were bringing in, as we've been bringing in skills and capabilities that we didn't have traditionally like a Droga5 and before them Monkeys and Kalorama [ph], these creative agencies, the value proposition for our clients is to take these other capabilities and pair them with the traditional strengths of Accenture for example on building digital platforms, and that is what has been able to drive the growth in Accenture Interactive.  And as we look at Industry X.O, this is an opportunity for us to serve areas of the company that we serve today, but not as much at scale. Just like with Accenture Interactive we weren't as relevant to the CMO as we are today. Once we've built Accenture Interactive as well as you know new business creation and Industry X.O.  Well, of course we have served and we have practiced, you know still significant practices in manufacturing and supply chain, Industry X.O is really about the digitization of manufacturing, the creation of connective products, and then also these digital platforms and engineering around the software.  And while again we're in – just like Accenture Interactive when we began were in parts of these, what we're doing is we're adding the complementary skills that will allow us to take the power of Accenture and really scale and bring all of that to our clients who themselves are going through a whole change, because manufacturing is now being digitizing and it's the convergence of IT with operating technology, and we expect to grow Industry X.O as we have with Accenture Interactive through a combination of organic and inorganic.  So you saw us last year buy companies like Mindtribe and Pillar in the U.S., which are all about connected products. We saw the future move acquisition I just mentioned in China, which is about automotive and Connected Services; Silveo in London, which is just the recent, and that's really about digitizing, manufacturing, leveraging our ecosystems.  But at the same time we're building on the scaled digital and technology capabilities, which is what our clients need to do as we all go through, where we see this transformation to digitize these areas of the company that haven't been digitized in the same way that you have the customer front-end. 
Harshita Rawat : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Koning from Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Koning: Maybe my first question, just when we look back at some of the metrics you've given around The New you know in the percent of total revenue and we go back a couple of years, it looks like that was drilling 20% to 30% and some of the legacy was declining maybe low double. Today it looks like The New might be growing low-to-mid teens and legacy has actually kind of improved to maybe slightly declining. I’m just wondering that pace of change, you know what might be driving that and if that's even the right way to think about it. 
KC McClure: Yeah, hi Dave. So in terms of looking at The New, I think really what you're touching on is the growth rates that we've had over the last few years and we continue to have very strong growth rates in The New. And as you look at that scale right of our business, I mean you would anticipate that even very strong growth rates would slow a bit, but again be very strong just based on scale.  And if you look at the other portion of our business, let's call it the non-New or the core, we continue to see that that is stabilizing; it's been decreasing at about a mid-single digit rate and that's by design, that's our strategy, but it's been pretty consistent over the last few quarters.
David Koning: Great, thanks! And just one quick follow-up just on accounting. There was another income line in Q1 that was about $11 million positive this quarter. Last year that line was about $25 million to $35 million negative all through the year. Was there a one-time item in Q1 and does that more normalize the rest of the year. 
KC McClure: Yeah, so we did have this quarter a small benefit below operating income where we had, we indeed do have non-operating income this quarter as opposed to what you saw in quarter one of last year, which was non-operating expense. So as a reminder last year, we adopted a new revenue - a new accounting standard that require that we marked our investments to fair market value, and while we don't have a large investment portfolio, what you will see Dave from time-to-time that may cause a little bit more variability in what we have a non-operating income and non-operating expense.  In this quarter we did have a gain in non-operating income on some of our investments and that was offset by some FX losses as well, but it was a net gain this quarter in non-operating areas and it will fluctuate probably slightly more than it has in the past, really just because of that accounting change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, good morning. Just wanted to ask about the beat and the upside surprise. For you guys was it in consulting in particular, because I know a lot of investors were concerned consulting was weakening and actually it strengthened. So just trying to figure out if that also surprised you guys or was there something else that created the upside.
KC McClure: Yeah, so we were really pleased overall with our revenue growth rate for this quarter Bryan, and obviously at 9% growth, which was as you mentioned a beat, $160 million higher than we expected. But the other thing that we were very pleased with is the fact that it was also a broad-based over-delivery.  Now if I had to point out two areas in particular, I'd point to health and public service, particularly in North America, which was strong both in the health, industry, as well in the public sector industry and that's a statement overall for North America including our federal practice. And then also products that continue to have very good [ph] in life sciences, as well as consumer goods, retail and travel.  And so what you'll see is that we do and we continue to expect Bryan that we will have for the full-year consulting in the mid-to-high single-digits growth and outsourcing also in the mid to high single growth rate. 
Julie Sweet: Yes, and Bryan I would just add – this is Julie, that again as I talked about earlier, although obviously we look at strategy and consulting, tech services and operations separately and report on that, you know remember that our focus really has been because of the demand we see in the market, on our unique business model that brings these services together, and so it's not so much. You know you can't really – for us the way we manage our business, it's not that wait, there's a big surprise in strategy consulting, because KC's giving the answer around industries and clients because a lot of our work is actually bringing all of these services together to meet the needs we're seeing in the market.  And so while we do report this to give you that insight into the types of work, when we are thinking about what's happening it's much more focused, it is only focused on clients, what are their needs, and how are we bringing these services together. And that really is the power of Accenture, is that we're able to bring these services together.  And if you think about what our clients need right now, I mean as I said, I literally in the last four months, almost four months spent time with over a 100 C-Suite executives and top of mind for them is the importance of making sure they are going to get value. And that's why they want to partner with us, is because we're bringing the teams and we're able to really give them confidence in outcomes and we're able to point to the execution we've done with other clients and demonstrate the value, and that we're bringing that learning.  And I think particularly as we see this inflection in the marketplace, moving from pilots and use cases to this enterprise-wide transformation, multiyear programs, it's more important than ever that we're able to bring these services together for our clients.
Bryan Keane: That's helpful and just as a follow-up on Europe, it was up 7% constant currency; I think that's up from four last quarter. Again a lot of investor concern around Europe, but you guys are showing an acceleration there. You talked about I think 12 of 13 industries showed improvement. So I guess I'm a little surprised to hear about that improvement. Can you just talk about broadly what's going on in Europe and why you are seeing that improvement?
KC McClure: Yeah, and I will maybe just reiterate a couple of the points, and some of that you also mentioned. So we were pleased with our business in Europe this quarter and we did have broad-based growth and it wasn't 12 of the 13 industries. And importantly it was high single to double-digit growth and nine out of that 13, and so that's really important to us, and that's something that we're very focused on and we're very proud of, the overall broad-based nature of our business in Europe and the diversity that we have. Then I think you'll see it has been and continues to provide some durability in that market.  Now as we've mentioned, you know we do continue to have a focus on banking capital markets in Europe and that's particularly in the UK. So we do have some more work to do in that area, and as also as Julie mentioned, we do have some pressure in industrials and the automotive as well in Europe. But I just would point back to the double-digit growth that we Italy, Germany and Ireland as well. And so we're very focused on continuing in that market to drive the transformation that Julie was talking about, the she sees and talks with all the C-Suite about in her travels throughout the world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Julie you mentioned Droga5, I’m going to take you up on that one. Obviously Accenture spent many years growing the various parts of that business, steadily expanding from the technology part creative. Droga5 recently won The Kimberly-Clark Childcare account and based on our checks, you are increasingly going head on with the traditional agencies for what I'd call the whole shooting match. Can you speak to what you're seeing there specifically and whether you think your missing any pieces, so you could go when full accounts end-to-end what the traction you currently have there is?
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well, Kimberly-Clark is a great example of what we see is the demand in the market, which is for a company to bring together not only world-class creative, but the digital capabilities, as well as the advisory capabilities to truly transform the customer experience, right. And you’ll hear that term now a lot. We believe we're the only company today that actually has all of the capabilities that are needed in order to deliver a very different customer experience.  And so while I know you think of it as going up straight against the agencies, what we think about it is what the clients are looking for is not just the creative agency and you see that in the industry as the industry, the broader creative industry is also expanding into these capabilities.  The fact of the matter is very difficult to have creative, it's equally difficult to have depth and breadth in the digital and technology capabilities that our clients need, and so we believe that our competitive advantage here is to have such strong creative capabilities coupled with, like just unparalleled digital and technology capabilities at a huge scale in every major market. Because remember Accenture Interactive, we have built around the world, right, and we've got it – you know and I was in the studios in China, we have it in Australia, across Europe, as well as the U,S.  So we're extremely proud of the work that Accenture Interactive under the leadership of Bryan Whipple, but his entire team have done, that its powered by the rest of Accenture, right, all of these skills and capabilities. That is very hard for anyone to replicate in our view. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, makes sense. The second question is, you mentioned the incremental elements of nonlinearity in the model in the prior question on headcount and revenue growth. What's the longer-term impact on margins and cash flow; if I can extend that question to those metrics? 
KC McClure: So Ashwin, in terms of how we think about those two elements, right. In terms of margin, I think it's important to just point out that we always continue to look for modest margin expansion. But more importantly to us is that we're doing more than just the modest margin expansion as you well know that goes to our bottom line. We are doing more underlying margin expansion, so that we can invest at scale in our people and in our business for long-term market leadership, so that's a key part.  And on free cash flow, you know that continues to be – you know there's no change there. I mean this year you’ll see that we managed that part of our business by looking at free cash flow to net income ratio, right, and this year again it's 1.1% to 1.2%. And as you think about that, while I won't guide for that long term, you know strong free cash flow will continue to be an anchor of how we run Accenture. 
Angie Park : Okay, and operator we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call. 
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin : Hi, good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask a question on how the mix of your client counterparts have changed. So if we think about enterprise budgets, can you give me a sense of how your revenue stream currently maps across an organization, whether it's CIO or the CMO budget or like board-level initiatives. And the reason I ask this, we’ve diversified the business so much over the last several years. I'm just really curious how this has evolved and how you really are mapping across the various budgets now today? 
KC McClure: Well, I guess what I'd say is, if you think about what we're doing with respect to, you know for example Accenture Interactive, that work is almost always a combination of marketing plus-CIO, often plus the business units right, because the work is not – you know really is around customer experience and so where the budget sits really varies by company, and some companies you'll have budget sit with the Chief Digital Officer right. So what we – our focus is less on the specific budgets and more how are we serving the different needs of the enterprise.  So if you just – and remember we go back to really – we think about it in three things; building the digital core, so 40% of our business growing double-digit today is in our intelligent platform services our five big platforms, because that's all about next-gen platforms right. Similarly our cloud business is there.  Then we have the optimizing operations, so you've got a $6 billion scaled business growing high single-digit to double-digit, right, which is all about optimizing and making sure that within the functions, as well as industries they've got access to the best technologies in a most efficient way.  And then on top of that you have the growth agenda like Accenture Interactive which is $10 billion. We announced last quarter with strong growth, as well as the new areas like connected products and services. And so we continue to focus – our big next focus area is Industry X.O, which is growing on our historic work and manufacturing and supply chain to the new and really going after that part of the enterprise along with the market, because that's not digitized as fast to say customer experience and that's really how we think about the business. 
Bryan Bergin : Okay, that's helpful. And then just lastly, I heard your inorganic 2% you expect for fiscal ’20, was that close for that in 1Q as well? And happy holidays! 
KC McClure: Yeah, Happy holidays to you too Bryan. I mean we look at that over a full year. So I would say you know 2% inorganic for the full-year is the number that I would continue to focus on. 
Julie Sweet: Okay, thanks Bryan. So thanks everyone again for joining us on today's call. We are very pleased with our strong start in fiscal ‘20 as you've just heard and we are well-positioned to achieve our updated business outlook for the year. We will stay laser-focused on continuing our current momentum, capturing the opportunities in the marketplace and creating value for our clients and all of our stakeholders.  I want to wish you all, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture and your families all the best for the New Year. And finally, I want to thank each of our people around the world, you are what makes Accenture unique and special. I will see everyone on the road. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-09-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture's Fourth quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. Now, at this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Kevin. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call, you will hear from Julie Sweet, our Chief Executive Officer, and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Julie will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Julie will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2020. We will then take your questions before Julie provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we'll reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Sweet: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us. As a company and the leadership team, we focus every day on delivering on our commitments and creating value for our clients. And today, we are proud to announce that we have delivered another year of outstanding financial results, meeting or exceeding each of the objectives we laid out in our initial fiscal 2019 business outlook. And I know that Pierre, our Chairman and CEO, who passed away in January would've been very proud of the accomplishments this year of our nearly 500,000 people, including more than 7,000 outstanding managing directors. I would like to add a special thank you to David Rowland for his inspiring and exceptional leadership during these past several months and to our entire Global Management Committee who came together under David's leadership to ensure that we delivered on our commitments and which also was the ultimate way to honor Pierre and his incredible contribution to Accenture. Let me share a few highlights for the year. We generated record new bookings of $45.5 billion, including our highest ever quarterly bookings of $12.9 billion in Q4. Revenues for the year were $43.2 billion, an 8.5% increase in local currency. We delivered earnings per share of $7.36, a 9% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 14.6%, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated outstanding free cash flow of $6 billion. We returned $4.6 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we just announced our first quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share, which reflects a 10% increase over the equivalent quarterly rate last year.  We have demonstrated once again the durability and resilience of our business and the strong demand for our services positions us very well for fiscal 2020. Now, let me hand over to KC who will review the numbers in greater detail. KC?
KC McClure: Thank you, Julie. And thanks to all of you for taking time to join us on today's call. We were very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which completes another outstanding year for Accenture. Our results continue to provide strong validation of our leadership position in the marketplace, our relevance to clients, and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment, all to deliver significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders. Once again, our fourth-quarter results reflect our constant focus to deliver strong and consistent financial results across our three key imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. So, let me summarize a few important highlights before I get into the details. Revenue growth of 7.2% in local currency continued to be highlighted by strong double-digit growth in all three areas of the New, including digital, cloud, and security-related services. Growth continued to be broad based with the vast majority of our industries at high-single to double-digit growth levels. We continue to extend our leadership position with growth at about 2 times the market.  Operating margin was 14.2% for the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points, resulting in 20 basis points expansion for the full year. Importantly, we delivered this expansion while investing at record levels in our business and in our people to position us for long-term market leadership.  We delivered very strong EPS of $1.74, which represents 10% growth even with an FX headwind of about 2%.  And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.9 billion, which surpassed our expectations driven by our strong growth in profitability and continued superior DSO management.  Now, let me turn to some of the details. New bookings were a record $12.9 billion for the quarter and surpassed our previous all-time high by over $1 billion. We had very strong overall book-to-bill of 1.2.  Consolidated bookings were $6.1 billion, with a book to bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $6.8 billion, with a book to bill of 1.4. We were extremely pleased with our bookings this quarter, which were broad based and strong across many dimensions of our business. They continue to be dominated by high demand for digital, cloud, and security-related services which we estimate represented more than 65% of our new bookings. For the full fiscal year, we delivered $45.5 billion in new bookings. These record bookings reflect the relevance of our services and the high level of trust our clients place in us as their partner. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $11.1 billion, a 5% increase in US dollars and 7.2% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.2 billion, up 5% in US dollars and 7% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.9 billion, up 6% in US dollars and 8% in local currency. Looking at the trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, technology services posted strong high-single-digit growth, strategy and consulting services grew mid-single digits, and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth at 12% in local currency. Growth continued to be strong across all three industries and all three geographies. Products grew 8%, reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group. We had strong growth across all three geographies and very strong double-digit growth in life sciences. H&PS grew 8% this quarter, reflecting double-digit growth in health and strong growth in public service. We were especially pleased with the strong growth in both growth markets and North America, with North America benefiting from continued strong growth in our US federal business. Communications, Media, & Technology grew 5%, reflecting double-digit growth in software and platforms. And overall, we saw double-digit growth in Europe and strong growth in growth markets. Finally, Financial Services delivered 4% growth, in line with our expectations. Insurance again grew double-digits, and we saw continued improvement in banking and capital markets globally. Overall, Financial Services delivered double-digit growth in growth markets, strong growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. Turning to geographic dimensions of our business, I am very pleased with the continued demand across all three of our geographic regions, which illustrates the diversity of the business that continues to serve us well. In North America, we delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency, driven by continued strong growth in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 4% in local currency, with double-digit growth in Italy and Ireland and high-single-digit growth in the Netherlands. And we delivered another very strong quarter in growth markets, with 12% growth in local currency led by Japan which again had very strong double-digit growth. We had double-digit growth in China and Singapore, as well as high-single-digit growth in Brazil.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.1% compared with 30.8% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.6% compared with 10.4% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2% compared to 6.5% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.2% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter four last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 28.0% for the fourth quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.74 compared with EPS of $1.58 in the fourth quarter last year.  Days service outstanding were 40 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 39 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.9 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion net of property and equipment additions of $241 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $6.1 billion compared with $5.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.1 million shares for $407 million at an average price of $189.78 per share. And our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share to be paid on November 15, a 10% increase over the equivalent quarterly rate last year. Now, I would like to take up few minutes to summarize our outstanding year. And as Julie mentioned, we were extremely pleased that we successfully executed our business to meet or exceed all aspects of our original outlook that we provided last September.  Revenue growth of 8.5% in local currency for the full year was above the top end of the guided range that we provided at the beginning of our fiscal year. This result is a strong indication of the durability and resilience of our growth model, which is underpinned by our focus on achieving market-leading scale across key industries, geographic markets and services. This includes our strategic focus to lead in the new, which represents approximately 65% of revenues for the year. Operating margin of 14.6% reflected a 20 basis point expansion over FY 2018 and was aligned with our original outlook. The diluted earnings per share was $7.36, reflecting 9% growth over adjusted FY 2018 EPS and was above our original guided range. As a reminder, in fiscal year 2018, EPS was adjusted to exclude the impact of tax law changes. Free cash flow of $6.0 billion was well above our original guided range, reflecting a free cash flow to net income ratio of more than 1.2, driven by strong profitability and continued industry-leading DSOs. And finally, we exceeded our objectives for capital allocation by returning $4.6 billion of cash to shareholders, while investing roughly $1.2 billion across 33 acquisitions to acquire critical skills and capabilities in strategic high-growth areas of the market.  So, again, we had a truly outstanding year and we feel really good about our positioning as we head into fiscal 2020. Now, let me turn it back to Julie.
Julie Sweet : Thank you, KC. Our strong results reflect the power of our growth strategy. Our strategy starts with what our clients need. And our clients need to transform their entire enterprise.  What we see is that most of our clients are still in the very early stages of their transformation journeys. The starting points and speed are different by industry and by company, but the scope of the ambition is consistently broad. Our fiscal 2019 results reflect the strong demand for our services and the significant growth opportunities in front of us. I am extremely pleased that we finished the year with 200 diamond clients, which represents our largest relationships with many of the world's most iconic companies. I'm also proud to share with you that, in fiscal year 2019, Accenture Interactive achieved a significant milestone, reaching over $10 billion in revenue. And finally, this quarter, we had 16 clients with new bookings over $100 million.  Clients choose Accenture for their largest and most complex transformation programs because they know we are uniquely positioned to create value by combining our unparalleled technology expertise, our privileged ecosystem relationships, our focus on innovation and our broad industry depth.  Our proven track record of global implementations at scale, coupled with our capabilities from strategy to operations, create significant value for our clients. Let me double-click on a few of these important elements of our business, starting with our deep technology expertise and our privileged ecosystem relationships. Transformation for our clients begins with their understanding that technology is core to their business. And they turn to us because technology is core to our business. The depth, breath and scale of our technology expertise, combined with the power of our deep ecosystem relationships where we are a leading partner with all the key players, is critical to being our client's partner of choice. Another element I want to highlight is our deep and broad industry expertise across our 13 diverse industry groups. This breath has always provided us durability and resilience in our business. And today, it has created another competitive advantage. CEOs are increasingly looking to benchmark themselves against the best companies regardless of industry and they are turning to us for our cross-industry expertise. Because we bring both deep industry expertise in their industry as well as across other industries, we can help drive even more value at speed for our clients. Let me bring this to life with an example of a solution that we originally developed for the communication industry and are now using to accelerate value in other industries. For comms companies, building out their network and providing excellent customer service across all channels are the biggest imperatives. We helped Verizon use artificial intelligence, coupled with our deep understanding of the industry, to create digital assistant experiences at scale that can now address more than 70% of Verizon's calls. In many cases, a 20-minute call with an agent has been reduced to a 3 to 4-minute digital interaction, significantly improving the customer experience. Verizon's agents have enhanced their skills and now have more time to handle the most complex calls, which is also the most interesting work. As you can imagine, call centers represent a significant opportunity to drive value in many industries. Recognizing this, we were able to tailor our solution to the unique needs of our clients in both utilities and public service. At Enbridge, the global energy company, we implemented a solution in their gas utility operations to address inquiries similar to Verizon's, such as billing questions and service changes, to improve their customer experience. Now callers are able to complete many transactions digitally and customer satisfaction is up significantly. And the New Mexico Human Services Department is using our solution to help employees answer questions about Medicaid faster and more accurately. For example, the state has reduced the time it takes to complete the process of providing Medicaid coverage to newborn babies by up to 75% and our solution has freed up employees to focus on more complex tasks, enhancing their experience as well. Let me wrap up by talking a bit more about our people and the inclusiveness of our culture. Our people and culture are our biggest competitive advantage and our unwavering commitment to inclusion and diversity enables us to recruit the most talented people in our markets. This creates an environment which unleashes innovation and allows our people to perform at their very best. Today, I am announcing yet another milestone on our path to gender equality by 2025. With nearly 500,000 people around the world and as a technology powerhouse, we are now 44% women.  In addition to gender, we are focused on leading in all areas of inclusion and diversity, and I'm proud to announce that, for the second year in a row, we have been ranked number one on Refinitiv's Diversity and Inclusion Index, which was previously produced by Thomson Reuters, and identifies the 100 publicly traded companies around the world with the most diverse and inclusive workplaces based on environmental, social and governance data from more than 7,000 companies. With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our fiscal 2020 business outlook. KC?
KC McClure : Thanks, Julie. Now, let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.9 million to $11.2 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2020, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in US dollars will be approximately negative 1% compared to fiscal 2019. For the full fiscal year 2020, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2019. For operating margins, we expect fiscal year 2020 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 basis point to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2019 results.  We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23.5% to 25.5%. This compares to an effective tax rate of 22.5% in fiscal 2019. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2020 to be in the range of $7.62 to $7.84 or 4% to 7% growth over fiscal 2019 results.  For the full fiscal 2020, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $6.35 billion to $6.75 billion., property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and our free cash flow to be in the range of $5.7 billion to $6.1 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we expect to return at least $4.8 billion through dividends and share purchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. And with that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park : Thanks, KC. I would ask that you would each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Kevin, would you provide instructions for those on the call? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from the line of Tien-tsin Huang, JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, thanks. Good morning. No surprises on the outlook. But I do want to ask on the bookings here. So, outsourcing bookings were strong. You said that large deals did come through. You suggested that it would, which is great. But on the consulting bookings side, that was flattish for the – I guess, I’m looking at the second half of the year, so can we expect a rotation here perhaps into more outsourcing revenue and maybe bookings, looking at your fiscal 2020? Can you give us maybe your views on outsourcing versus consulting growth in fiscal 2020?
Julie Sweet: Sure. So, thanks, Tien-tsin, for the question. Maybe, I'll start with the last part of your question. In terms of how we're thinking about growth in fiscal 2020 for consulting and outsourcing, we expect for the full year that growth for consulting and outsourcing, they'll both be in the mid-to-high, single-digit range, and that's baked within our 5% to 8% guidance for the year.  And taking your booking questions, as you mentioned, we had record bookings for this quarter, $12.9 billion. And if you peel that back and look at our consulting bookings, we also had bookings at $6.1 billion in consulting type of work, and that's one of our highest booking quarters ever, and it was out of our book-to-bill target of 1.0 or higher.  And I think importantly, Tien-tsin, as well, we feel really good about the pipeline that we have as we enter in the beginning parts of fiscal 2020, and we say that on an overall broad base in terms of all aspects of our business.  And so, when you peel that back and you look at overall what we've done in terms of our bookings for the fourth quarter in consulting, our overall bookings at $12.9 billion, a record, as well as our strong pipeline as we head into fiscal 2020, we still see – we see balanced growth across both types of work.
Operator: Okay. Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up just on that booking question. It seems like the variability quarter to quarter has become more volatile. Can you just talk about the major drivers of that and is that something that we should expect to continue in fiscal 2020? 
Julie Sweet: Yeah, in terms of our bookings, I think if you take a look at how we position bookings and think of it from a quarterly basis, and we've said this kind of historically, they can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. And really what we're looking at in terms of our overall booking is that we meet on a prolonged period our bookings targets, which for consulting or anything from 1.0 and above which we did this year and this quarter, and for outsourcing which tends to be 1.1 and above over a prolonged period. In this quarter, we did 1.4. So, we expect that there will be some variability. You saw that certainly this year where we had really strong bookings in quarter two. We had it a little bit lighter as it relates to the rest of the full year and quarter three, and we signal that based on our pipeline, we thought that we would have very strong bookings in Q4, and indeed we did. So, that's something that we're very used to. As we think about FY 2020, we tend sometimes to have – Q1 might be a little bit of a lighter bookings in relation to the rest of the quarter, but again this – coming off a particularly very strong year, in quarter four, that may be the case as well for this year, but we feel very strong – we feel very good about our strong pipeline as we enter into 2020.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow-up here on your talent and resourcing model, as you approach 500,000 employees, can you talk about what you're doing to reduce the manual effort around work? I think in the past, you disclosed automated FTE or efforts within your operations group. So, any update you can provide there? And it's in the context of just the uptick that we saw in attrition to 19% and your comfort levels there? Thanks.
Julie Sweet: I'll let KC address the specific uptick around the attrition, but let me give you a broader perspective on how we look at talent. So, one of our greatest strengths, right, is how we manage talent and people. And so, if you look at it at any given time, we are always adjusting the use of technology in our business and the talent that we then need to hire. And so, we have talked about it in the context of our operations business. But when you think about the work that we do in technology with our myWizard platform where we're using the latest in artificial intelligence and analytics to help our clients, that was work that, five years ago, we used people. And so, we don't think about this as a particular sort of strategy to do X, but that at any given time, we are continuously innovating how we are giving services and then adjusting what that means for our talent, and we do that really seamlessly quarter to quarter and year to year.
KC McClure: And, Bryan, just to answer your question on the actual attrition number, we did have a slight uptick this quarter by about 1%, but we feel good about the strong retention rates that we have in key strategic areas of our business, and that includes areas such as our digital practice as well as strategy and consulting. As you know, we really have no issues in attracting the people that we need, and people choose Accenture because of our strategy, our strong financial performance, and the experience that we provide to our people, continuous learning, the amount of investments we make in training and innovation, and it really does make Accenture one of the best places to build a career. 
Operator: And next we have David Togut of Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good to see the bookings strength. I'd like to ask about any changes you're seeing in average contract length, especially given the ongoing strength in outsourcing bookings and possibly in the evolution of your shift to the new – are you in more of an operating and run stage with a lot of bigger clients?
KC McClure: Hi, David. There's really no change to the duration of our contract and our bookings. No change.
Julie Sweet: David, I would think about – really think about what we're seeing in the business because really our clients are focusing on enterprise-wide transformation. And what that requires is that we bring all of our capabilities together, really from strategy to operations. And you saw that on the bookings we had this last quarter of 16 clients with over $100 million. And just to give you an example, we're working in products with – one of those was a products company, Fortune Global 100 who is transforming HR using everything from our strategy capabilities to our operations capabilities to transform the experience from hiring to retirement and, at the same time, drive down costs. And our competitive advantage in this market is that we are able to bring all of those capabilities. And what we're seeing is that boards and CEOs are really focusing on the enterprise-wide transformation which means large and strategic programs which is what we are very uniquely positioned to deliver.
David Togut: Understood. Just as a quick follow-up, you announced a leadership change Tuesday at the head of your Products group, your largest operating group. What changes should we expect with Simon Eaves taking over Products leadership?
Julie Sweet: That's going to be a very seamless transition to Simon. He's been working in Products for most of his career and brings the deep both – industry, operational and sales expertise. So, that should be very seamless.
David Togut: And next, we have questions from the line of Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. I wanted to ask about digital. If I look inside the new, digital appeared to be slowing a little bit more than cloud and security. It's off its high growth rate in fiscal year 2018. So, just thinking about it, is digital getting more penetrated or more competitive inside there? I know it's still growing robustly at, looks like, high teens, maybe low 20%, but it is off of the growth rate that it was growing at previously. So, we always get questions about penetration there. Thanks.
KC McClure: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. I'll answer the questions on the growth rate. I'll hand it over to Julie to talk about what's happening within the digital business. So, digital, in terms of what we estimate for the full year, we estimate digital to be about $21 billion business. So, it's very significant in terms of scale. It's about 50%, almost pushing 50% of our overall revenue base. So, with that scale, as you mentioned in terms of growth, we are at the very high teens in terms of growth rate. So, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in the continued, very strong, high-teen double-digit growth that we have in digital. And we expect that, as we look into next year, that overall we will have – in the new, we'll continue, which includes digital, to have double-digit growth overall in FY 2020.
Julie Sweet: I think, Bryan, it is important to look at, again, what our clients are doing when we think about where we are in our growth strategy. As I said earlier, we do see our clients at the very early stages of their transformation. And so, really think about what is happening in three buckets.  The first is, they are building out their digital core, right, which is establishing the technology foundation. And so, in the scale parts of our business, intelligence platform services, which is all about the next gen platform, that's 40% of our business today growing double-digits because they need – our clients need to establish that new foundation that's going to fuel the enterprise transformation. At the same time in the digital core, we're still in the early stages of scaling areas like data, right, how our clients are going to be able to find and curate that data which is just really beginning when you think about how much data there is, security which is only at $2.5 billion and then the move to the cloud. So, within building the digital core, we have scale plays like intelligent platform services growing double-digits and then we have the next scale plays which are also growing double-digit. Then the second big area our clients are focused on is driving the growth agenda which is all about creating better customer experiences which is fueling Accenture Interactive, which hit $10 billion this year, but it's also fueling the focus on new products and services which is what X.O is about. That's at very early stages, right, having connected products and services. And so, that will be the next area that we are really focused on scaling in the growth agenda. And then, the third area is in optimizing their operations. And again, scale part of our business, operations, which is growing double-digit, right, and that's because it helps our clients reduce costs to increase their investment capacity, but it also enables our clients to do the transformation because we have invested in operations to use machine learning and other forms of emerging technologies, and so they are accessing those technologies through our platform in operations. But then, at the same time, right, you have again X.O where we're seeing the early stages of digitizing manufacturing and creating the connected plant, which will be the next play that we are scaling, right? And then, of course, at any given time, we're in the innovation space and we're looking at the emerging technologies that will fuel growth. But in each of the areas of what our clients are doing, we have scale today growing double-digits and then we have the next plays that we're scaling.
Bryan Keane: That's helpful. I just had one follow-up for KC. On tax rate, I see tax rates going up, looks like, about 100 basis points to 300 basis points and I know there's some moving pieces in terms of tax rate. So, can you just talk about what are the factors we should be considering there for tax in this fiscal year?
KC McClure: Sure, Bryan. So, our range, just to maybe to anchor to where we're starting with, so our range for fiscal 2020 is up about 0.5 point compared to where we started last year for fiscal 2019. And the increase from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 is primarily due to the US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. And as a reminder, there are four factors that I think you probably know well, but just might bear repeating, that can influence our tax rate in any given year. And the first one is our geographic mix of our income. Second is the changes in our prior-year tax liability. The third is our final determinations. And the fourth is the tax impacts on our equity compensation.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is from the line of Harshita Rawat of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question is for you, Julie. Given your background in M&A and what's happening in the marketplace, should we expect Accenture to potentially look at larger deals now versus the tuck-ins you've done historically?  And then, as a follow-up to that question, over the last couple of years, you've done a lot of acquisitions on Accenture Interactive. So, going forward, what we should we expect is the focus of your M&A activity?
Julie Sweet: Thanks for the question. Harshita, let me start with the overall strategy around acquisitions, which is, while it served us extremely well and we think about acquisitions to do three things, to scale hot areas in the market. So, for example, this year, we did about six acquisitions in technology, three of them in particular around intelligent platform services where I've already talked about, we're seeing double-digit growth and we need to – we wanted to help scale our capabilities. The second is to add new capabilities. And this has been a lot of our acquisitions in the new, which has been about 20 of the acquisitions that have been in digital and security, particularly as you pointed out in Accenture Interactive. And so, that is all about adding new capabilities. And then, the third is really getting deeper industry and functional expertise. And so, this year, we did four in the area of financial services where we really expanded our expertise in that industry through these acquisitions. So, you should expect that our strategy is always going to around those three areas, and that it is meant to fuel our organic growth.  Now, with respect to whether we would do a larger acquisition, we've always said that we could do a larger acquisitions, but it would really need to make sense for us in the context of what we look to acquisitions to do. So, there are certainly no plans to do that, but, obviously, we have the capability if that ever made sense. And then, finally, as we think about going forward, well, certainly, Accenture Interactive is an important focus point and we've done a lot of acquisitions there. As you think about where we're scaling, right, so the next scale plays, like X.O, you should expect to see that we're going to focus in that area as well. And so, at each year, we're going to look at where we need to either scale, add new capabilities or add industry expertise. And it'll really change based on what we're seeing in the market and what's available.
Harshita Rawat: That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next question is from line of Keith Bachman, Bank of Montréal. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi. Thank you very much. Julie, I'd like to direct this first one to you. And that's, how do you think about Accenture's business line related to more challenging economic cycles? And to put a little more context on the question, it would seem to me that operations is pretty resilient if, in fact, the economy got tougher. The one I question is strategy and consulting rather. And if I look back to 2009 when the economy got really tough, the strategy and consulting element declined double-digits. And so, if we look at out the next year or two, if we hit more difficult economic times, how is strategy and consulting different today that it might be more or less immune from economic cycles? And I have quick follow-up for KC.
Julie Sweet: Sure. Well, if we sort of take a step back and think about what have we been trying to achieve over the last five years, and that has been our rotation to the new, meaning focusing on the most relevant services that our clients need to transform their businesses. So, our strategy and consulting business today, right, is focused on these new services, how do you take blockchain and apply it to Financial Services, how do you use data and combine it with deep customer insights and use the skills of an Accenture Interactive to create a different customer experience. And we believe that, in a downturn scenario, our relevance to our clients comes in the fact that they are still going to need – and, in fact, we think, during that time, even more so to use these capabilities that we have in order to drive their growth agenda, optimize their operations and, of course, still build the digital core. And so, that's where we see the resilience of our current business model.
Keith Bachman: Okay. All right, thank you. And, KC, just a quick one for you. On the cash flow, particularly operating cash flow, looks like CapEx is up a little bit, but if I focus on operating cash flow, you're guiding it to be more or less flattish year-over-year. And while I understand that your cash flow metrics on guidance are almost an output, but is there anything you wanted to call out as being unusual that would make the year-over-year comparisons on operating cash flow a little more challenging or either pluses or minuses on the operating cash flow? And that's it for me. Thank you.
KC McClure: Thanks, Keith. In terms of operating cash flow in our overall free cash flow, there's a minor uptick, $50 million in capital expenditures. So, that's not really very different. But really, the way we look at our free cash flow is the goal that we have is for it to be over – at 1 or better in terms of percentages, the ratio to net income. And so, with our guidance this year, we're actually at 1.1t to 1.2. So, that's outstanding. Another year of outstanding free cash flow.  Now, this year, in FY 2019, we did above 1.2. And why did we do even better? And what are the influences that can put us in one place or the other? It really has to do with a couple items that I would point out. And this year in particular, we had significant outstanding performance continuing in our DSO. And so, for every day of DSO, it's about 130, give or take, to our free cash flow. So, we always assume at the beginning of the year that we give ourselves a little bit of room to stay in the low 40s because that would still be outstanding within our business. And I'll just point out maybe a couple of other things that influence the fourth quarter, for example. The timing of things such as cash tax payments and just overall timing of accounts payable, those are things that can really change our – the timing of our free cash flow. But for next year, we have just another stellar free cash flow performance baked into our guidance at 1.1 to 1.2. And we continue to be very proud of how we operate our business in that respect.
Keith Bachman: Many thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois, DeepDive Equity. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, there. And welcome, Julie. Julie, I just wanted to ask a big picture question here. Do you have any strategic changes or major priorities that you plan to implement as you take the helm?
Julie Sweet: Rod, our strategy starts with our clients. And so, we are going to continue to stay focused on our clients. And so, there's no change – no major change in our strategy because a new CEO doesn't change our clients. So…
Rod Bourgeois: Got it. And is there anything significant happening in any of the verticals that may change the vertical mix as you move into next year? It looks like the range of growth outcomes that you're getting across your verticals has narrowed some. Some of the really high performers has slowed and some of the weaker performers has improved. So, are the vertical performances next year prone to be more parity or could the spread widen?
KC McClure: Thanks, Rod. This is KC. I would say that, in terms of our verticals, if you're obviously talking about our operating groups, within our range of 5% to 8%, we see that all of them have the ability to be within that range. And, certainly, the opportunity exists also for some of them [indiscernible 0:46:22] resources in particular to perform above that range.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman, Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Jamie Friedman: First, thank you for all these incremental disclosures. They are very helpful. The observation about the diamond clients, the $100 million, the decomposition of the growth, it's all appreciated. I just want to ask you briefly about the business dimension of strategy consulting. So, that dimension, I'm looking at the bottom left corner, the Q4, so the purple grid, so the mid-single digit growth for the Q4 did trend just below the flipside, which was high-single digit growth for that dimension for the year. And I know each quarter can be lumpy, but any expectation about that staying here or potentially accelerating that's contemplated in the guidance would be helpful?
KC McClure: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question. In terms of our overall strategy and consulting business, as you mentioned, it's $14 billion is what we estimate that business to have been in the fiscal year that we just closed, 2019. It's a little bit less than – it's right around a third of our business. And at that scale, we're really pleased when we have growth in mid to high single digits range. And so, for the year, we see that it was high-single digits for this quarter and Q4 and we saw that it was mid. But we're happy when it's in the mid-to-high-single digit range. And as you mentioned, it will lap from quarter to quarter. But I think it's important and as Julie – just picking up on some of the things that Julie talked about, as you know, that consulting and strategy, it's a really important capability because that helps us drive value across the C suite, not only in the role of delivering pure strategy and advisory work to clients to shape their transformation agenda, but also to bring the entire full scope of Accenture's transformation capabilities, including technology, industry, all at a global scale. And as Julie put it on her examples as well as with our 16 clients at over $100 million, we saw that really in evidence this quarter as well. So, it's a bit of a dual purpose that we have in strategy and consulting advisory work. And we're really pleased with overall – our performance in the year, our performance in the quarter. And we feel that, with the bookings that we had in Q4, $6.1 billion which was in consulting type of work overall, but a portion of that obviously within consolidating in strategy, and we feel well-positioned in this regard for fiscal 2020.
Jamie Friedman: Okay. Thanks, KC. And then, I just wanted to ask about operation, so incredible double-digit growth again above company average, above the industry. So, I know you shared some already, but any texture there would be helpful. Can we keep that up? And is that contemplated in the guide? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jamie, yes, we're really proud of what we – what Debbie and the team have been able to do in operations over the last years where they continue to have double-digit growth. And for next year, for operations, we do see that that will continue probably and maybe in the high single to the low double-digit growth range is what we see in operations.
Julie Sweet: And just to take a minute to expand on why operations is so strategic for us and for our clients, and it really is for two reasons. So, first of all, operations is a great and proven way to create value for our clients because it helps them reduce costs, create more investment capacity, but the operations business today is very different than, say, even five years ago because we have invested to bring these great technologies to the platform which we call SynOps. And if you are a CEO and you think about where do I want to build my own capabilities around artificial intelligence and emerging technologies. Do I want to do that in order to transform finance or HR or the marketing backbone? Or do I want to do that in places that are going to truly differentiate me in terms of my products, for example? And the equation is often, well, why don't we go to Accenture that is built to have platform, that's doing it across hundreds of clients with deep and long expertise in the enterprise and access that technology to transform how we're doing those functions, so that I can put my investments into these other areas that are going to differentiate us in the market. And that is really helping drive the next wave of growth for operations. And we think that's going to be even more important as we see this enterprise-wide transformation.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning, guys. Can you just tell us how much M&A contribution you're expecting in the fiscal 2020 revenue growth? And can we also just get a follow-up comment on the tax rate with the increase in 2020? Is that the new normal we should be thinking about in, call it, medium term just based on the phase in of the tax law changes?
KC McClure: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. In terms of the contribution that we have assumed in FY 2020 in our 5% to 8% guidance range, it's about 2% inorganic which is around the same as we land in FY 2019. In terms of our tax rates, maybe again, I will just answer that. Our range is only up 50 basis points from where we started the year and there's various things that can impact our tax rate throughout the year. So, not really in a very different space from where we started last year. But you're right that this is – in FY 2020, we have phased in the US tax reform provision that phased in over two years. So, we do think that that's really where our rate will be for this year. I'm not going to guide to – you know we don't guide to out years on our tax rate. But we will then work our four other factors that can influence our tax rate overall, but we do have, in 2019 to 2020, the second-year phasing of the US tax reform.
Jason Kupferberg: On attrition, just to come back to that, I know you guys aren't having any issue attracting the talent that you want/need, but should we expect just in light of the generally tight labor markets, especially for digital talent, that this kind of high teens ZIP code is just sort of a new normal?
KC McClure: Yeah. So, Jason, I don't think there's anything that you should expect that's different than what you've seen, and you've followed for a long time, than we've had in the past. We're in the higher teens to mid-teens in attrition. That's a level that, historically, we feel we can manage and that's how we build our business. So, there's nothing that you should expect as very different and nothing that we're concerned about.
Angie Park: Okay, great. Kevin, we have time for one more question and then Julie will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that question is from line of Lisa Ellis of MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning, guys. A question on outsourcing bookings again. Just didn't follow-up, I think, from Tien-tsin's question opening the call. The Accenture of old, we'd always think of Accenture's outsourcing business being heavily things like ERP management and whatnot, but that is clearly not what it is now. Can you decompose a little bit what makes up outsourcing at this point? Is this like managing clouds on behalf of clients? Is this a lot of digital marketing ongoing management? Just give a sense for what's underneath there. Thank you.
Julie Sweet: Lisa, it's interesting is that the breadth of what we do there is actually not different. It's just how we're doing it. So, for example, we're still doing application outsourcing, but we're doing it using dev ops and Agile and something we call living systems because it's a different way of doing application outsourcing that's allowing the application outsourcing that we do for our clients to help drive their business transformations. We have, of course, a $6 billion business in operations. And again, the kinds of functions in that we're doing are similar, although we've added marketing and scaled marketing over the last couple of years. But, again, it's how we're doing it. It used to be about labor arbitrage 10 years ago. It's very, very different now. And so, the breadth in terms of the activities that we're going after has not changed. What makes it so successful for us is that we've evolved how we do it. And so, you can see application outsourcing, because of the techniques we're using, is now helping our clients get to things like Agile and dev ops at scale and be able to help drive their business differently.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks. And then, quick follow-up for KC on the guide. One more guidance question. Can you articulate what macro outlook for 2020 is embedded in the guidance? And then, realizing it's still September, are you seeing enough visibility into budget outlooks and stuff for next year that you're feeling – what's your confidence level around that macro outlook? Thank you.
KC McClure: Thanks, Lisa. And as you mentioned, this is, obviously, obvious point. At the beginning of the year, this is our longest range of time that we're giving an outlook. But with that, as you know, we guided to 5% to 8% growth for next year. And that contemplates a market that we see growing about the same as it has done in 2019. So, for us, for our addressable market, we think it's probably somewhere in the 3% to 4% range overall for next year.
Julie Sweet: So, thanks again for joining us on today's call. KC and I and the entire team are extremely pleased with our excellent performance for fiscal 2019. We see significant opportunity ahead and we are laser focused on delivering value for all of our stakeholders.  And let me end by thanking our stakeholders, thanking our clients for placing their trust in us, our investors for their continued confidence, our ecosystem partners for their shared commitment to our clients, our exceptional leadership team and, finally, all of our people around the world. You are what makes Accenture so special. I'll see everyone on the road. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining and for using &T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-06-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thanks for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Greg. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today's call you will hear from David Rowland, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. David will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. David will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We will then take your questions before David provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for our investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to David.
David Rowland: Thank you, Angie. And thanks so much to all of you for joining us on today's call. Accenture delivered another strong quarter and I couldn't be more pleased with our overall performance as we continue to execute our growth strategy and create significant value for all of our stakeholders our clients, employees and shareholders. We again delivered revenue growth well ahead of the market as well as strong profitability and free cash flow, while continuing to make substantial investments for long-term market leadership. Here are a few to highlights for the quarter. We delivered new bookings of $10.6 billion which was in the range we expected. We generated record revenues of $11.1 billion at the top of our guided range with 8.4% growth in local currency. We delivered earnings per share of $1.93 an 8% increase compared to adjusted earnings per share last year. Operating margin was 15.5% an expansion of 20 basis points. Our free cash flow was very strong at $2 billion. We returned $1.4 billion dollars in cash to shareholders through our share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual dividend. So, all-in-all, it was another strong quarter by any measure. Looking forward, I feel very good about our business and our ability to deliver a strong fourth quarter and in doing so to complete what will be another truly outstanding year for Accenture. Now let me hand it over to KC to review the numbers in greater detail. KC?
KC McClure: Thank you, David, and thank you all of you for joining us on today's call. Let me start by saying we were very pleased with our third quarter results which were in line to our expectations and were strong across many dimensions of our business. Once again, our results demonstrate the power of our highly differentiated growth strategy. As we have often stated a key intent of our growth strategy is to create durability in our revenue growth at a level that is consistently above the market taking share and strengthening our position as a leader. Against this objective, we have created a unique footprint that includes scale and leadership and the world's largest and most critical geographic markets and industries. This footprint along with our highly relevant offerings delivered within our end-to-end service model is key to being a market leader in helping our clients rotate to the new. Our third quarter and year-to-date results are an illustration of our growth model in action and based on the strength of our results and the confidence and the visibility we have in our fourth quarter, we are increasing key elements of our full-year outlook which I will cover in more detail later in the call. Importantly, our results and updated guidance reflects very strong execution against our three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. Revenue growth of 8.4% in local currency in the third quarter continued to be driven by strong double-digit growth in all three areas of the new including digital, cloud and security related services. This strong top-line growth was broad based with several areas growing double digits or high single digits. Revenues landed in the range we expected and importantly, we did see the anticipated improvement in financial services and the U.S. Federal business. Operating margin of 15.5% expanded 20 basis points for the quarter and reflects strong underlying profitability allowing us to invest at scale, in our people and in our business.  And we delivered very strong EPS of $1.93 which represents 8% growth compared to adjusted EPS last year even with an FX headwind of over 4%. And we have record free cash flows for both the quarter of $2 billion and year-to-date of $4.2 billion which reflects both our strong profitability and our excellent DSO management. We are well positioned to deliver free cash flow in excess of net income for the full year. We continue to execute against our strategic capital allocation objectives with year-to-date investments and acquisitions of approximately $1.1 billion and over $4.1 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Now, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.6 billion for the quarter, consolidated bookings were $6 billion with a book to bill of 1; outsourcing bookings were $4.6 billion with a book to bill of 0.9. This quarter, our bookings continue to be well balanced across the dimensions of our business and the dominant driver of our bookings in the quarter continue to be high demand for digital, cloud and security related services which we estimated approximated 65% of our new bookings. Overall, Q3 bookings landed in the range we expected. As you know, quarterly bookings can be lumpy which you've seen in our year-to-date results. And that is consistent with our historical pattern. Looking forward, we have a very strong pipeline and we expect strong bookings in Q4. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $11.1 billion, a 4% increase in U.S. dollars, an 8.4% in local currency and were at the top of our previously guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6.2 billion up 3% in U.S. dollars and 7% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.9 billion, a 5% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currency. Looking at the transit estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, technology services posted strong high single digit growth, strategy and consulting services grew mid-single digits and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Resources grew 19% in local currency delivering its seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Continued momentum was driven by double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Products grew 8% reflecting continued strength in our largest operating group. Demand continued to be broad based across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications media and technology grew 7% reflecting continued strong double-digit growth in software platforms and we had strong balance growth across all three geographies. H&PS delivered 6% growth in line with our expectations. Europe was double-digit growth and we were very pleased with the strong growth in North America which reflected strong growth in our U.S. federal business. Finally, as expected, we saw an up tick in financial services this quarter with 4% growth. Insurance again grew double digits across all geographies and we saw some improvement in banking capital markets globally including in Europe. Overall, financial services delivered double-digit growth in growth markets, strong growth in North America partially offset by contraction in Europe. Turning to the geographic dimensions of our business, I am very pleased with the continued demand across all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 9% revenue growth in local currency driven by continued strong growth in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 5% in local currency with double-digit growth in Italy and Ireland as well as mid single-digit growth in the U.K. And we delivered another very strong quarter in growth markets with 13% growth in local currency led by Japan which again had very strong double-digit growth. We had double-digit growth in China and Brazil as well. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 31.8% compared with 31.2 for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.7% compared with 10.3 for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expenses was 5.6% compared to 5.5% for Q3 of last year. Operating income was 1.7 billion in the third quarter reflecting a 15.5% operating margin up 20 basis points compared with Q3 last year. As a reminder, in Q3 of last year, we recognized a charge related to tax law changes. The following comparisons exclude the impact and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.6% compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.8% for the third quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.93 compared with adjusted EPS of $1.79 in Q3 of last year. DSO was 39 days compared to 40 days last quarter and 39 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion net of property and equipment additions of $140 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $4.8 billion compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. And with regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 2.8 million shares for $488 million at an average price of $173.95 per share. At May 31, we had approximately $4.1 billion of share repurchase authority remain. Finally, as David mentioned on May 15, 2019, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal '19 in the amount of $1.46 per share bringing the total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.9 billion. So, in summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter results and are now focused on Q4 in closing out another strong year. With that, let me turn it back to David.
David Rowland: Thank you, KC. Our strong results for the third quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we continue to execute our growth strategy extremely well. In particular, we continue to benefit from our leadership position in "the New" where revenues again grew at a double-digit rate with broad based growth across all components of "the New" including the Accenture Interactive upon intelligence industry [indiscernible], cloud and security. And as KC mentioned, our third quarter and year-to-date performance is powered by our unique leadership footprint in the marketplace with breadth and scale across the most strategic geographies, industries and capabilities and this provides for durability and consistency in our performance and uniquely positions us to deliver seamless outstanding service to our global clients. While there are many positive aspects of our third quarter results; today, I want to focus on Accenture Technology, which is the largest part of our business overall and also accounts for the majority of our revenues in "the New." So, in many ways, Accenture Technology is really the engine of our strong leadership position in "the New." We believe Accenture has the strongest and most innovative technology capability in our industry with scale and leadership in all the areas that are most relevant to our clients. To-date all companies are digital businesses and certainly Accenture is a digital technology company at our core with advanced capabilities such as data and analytics, automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Last quarter, I highlighted three key focus areas in Accenture Technology that powered growth in our business. And today, I'd like to dig a little deeper. First, in intelligent platform services, we apply our digital capabilities, innovation and industry expertise on top of the leading core platforms, SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday to help clients drive large scale enterprise wide transformation. We are proud to be a leading partner of all the key players and we see continued strong demand for intelligent platform services which again grew at a double-digit rate in quarter three and accounts for about 40% of our total revenues. As one example, we're helping a leading fashion retailer with a global implementation of SAP S/4HANA that leverages myConcerto. Our proprietary AI powered development platform, myConcerto brings together our deep industry knowledge and differentiated tools and methodologies to help clients innovate and accelerate platform implementation. Our work is driving greater synergies across the retailer's global brands and building a strong foundation for future growth. The second area intelligence software engineering services is focused on developing and delivering the custom systems that our clients are increasingly demanding. With more than 30,000 people, we have one of the largest teams of specialized software engineers and architects solving the most challenging problems in agile and creative ways using data, the cloud, artificial intelligence and other new technologies. As an example, we're helping Swisscom, Switzerland's leading telecom company transform into a digital service provider by leveraging our proprietary digital omnichannel platform with AI, machine learning and analytics. We are increasing the precision and personalization of the customer experience across all their channels. And third, an intelligent cloud and infrastructure services, we provide clients with powerful differentiated solutions from cloud strategy and migration to managed services and cloud security. We are the leading partner of Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform which are often at the heart of our clients' agendas to adopt new and leading technologies and rotate their own businesses to "the New." To-date, Accenture has worked on more than 25,000 cloud computing projects for clients including 80% of the Fortune Global 100 and we have more than 77,000 people trained in cloud technology. A good example is our work with Del Monte Foods to unlock innovation and streamline their operations by migrating hundreds of servers and critical SAP Enterprise wide applications to the cloud in less than four months. They're benefiting from a more agile operating environment, real-time customer insights and a 35% reduction in IP cost freeing up resources to grow the core business. There are three common threads that run through all of these areas in technology one is innovation and in fact technology is at the heart of our innovation agenda. A great illustration is our AI high powered Microsoft myWizard platform which you've heard us mention many times previously, which differentiates our service delivery by improving client's business performance with superior productivity and predictability. And we continue to leverage our unique innovation architecture, which integrates our capabilities from research, ventures, labs, innovation centers and delivery centers. Second is our powerful ecosystem relationships as the largest independent provider of technology services. While scale is certainly a factor, it's also our ability to co-innovate with our partners delivering outcomes and value at speed in "the New" and looking to the next new that differentiates us in the marketplace. And the final piece that underpins our technology leadership and is pervasive across everything we do is our unmatched industrialized global delivery capability which uniquely positions Accenture to deliver large scale complex programs. Let me now switch gears and comment on our continued commitment to invest for long-term market leadership including operating investments related to assets and solutions, talent and innovation as well as capital investments to acquire critical skills and capabilities and strategic high growth markets. So far this year, we've deployed approximately $1.1 billion in capital on acquisitions with the majority focus in "the New" and especially Accenture Interactive where we've completed nine deals so far this year. I'm particularly pleased with the acquisition of Droga5 by far our biggest of the year which has a large New York based creative agency that significantly strengthens our capabilities to design, build and run customer experiences that grow brands and businesses. But before I hand it back to KC, I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of the external recognition we've received. Accenture rose to number 28 on Brandz list of top 100 most valuable brands. And we also achieved our highest ranking ever on Forbes list of the top global brands and we had our highest ever -digit increases in brand value on both list. I'm also very pleased that we were named for the first time into FastCompany rankings for innovation. First, in the category of world's most innovative companies and second for world changing ideas. And finally, Accenture was ranked number one on Barron's new list of the most sustainable international companies. Before I close, I want to briefly mention that our CEO succession process is going very well. And as I said last quarter, we expect to complete the process by the end of this fiscal year. With that, I'll turn it over to KC to provide our updated business outlook. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks David. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal '19, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.85 billion to $11.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal '18 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 19, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be approximately negative 3% compared to fiscal '18. For the full fiscal 19, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 8% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal '18. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal '19 to be 14.6%, a 20 basis point expansion over fiscal 18 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal '18. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '19 to be in the range of $7.28 to $7.35 or 8% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal '18 results. For the full fiscal '19, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be the range of $5.85 billion to $6.25 billion. Property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.2 billion to $5.6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks KC. I'd ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask the question. Frank would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Good morning, David. Good morning KC.
David Rowland: Good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I want to start with a question on bookings. Generally [indiscernible] with the book-to-bill lower than one, can you detail a bit? Particularly when I looked at the comment it says 65% of bookings are in the New implies a third is from legacy services. Is this what sort of there you have a need to provide clients with higher productivity requirements? Is this a plan we should be looking at more carefully in the future because that's what FX bookings growth and in the New were the growth, is that a visibility question we should be asking with regards to a higher cloud component or higher agile development component. Does that also bring with it low visibility?
KC McClure: Okay. Thanks Ashwin. Let me just cover a lot of the questions there. You have booking, so maybe I will first start with as I mentioned bookings really were in the range that we expected and they were quite well balanced. And we'd like that they are about 65% in the New. So just as a reminder, that's well for covering up so long bookings can be lumpy by quarter. So you see that in our results this year where we had really strong bookings record bookings in Q2. But there are historical patterns, we've always had some lumpiness and variability quarter-to-quarter of bookings. So as it relates to what we're seeing, the second half is really playing out largely as expected. We'd like our position where we are year-to-date. It really is where we anticipated that we would be at this time of the year. And so they're looking forward and talking about your visibility question. Now based on the strength of our pipeline and the visibility that we do have, we do see strong bookings in Q4. There's not really an element of the new impact of visibility, we like that we have the majority of our bookings in the New. And we feel that we're really well positioned based on where we are to-date with what we can see for Q4 bookings to be well positioned for next year. And I think that really just points to as you were talking about our offerings, the relevance of our offerings and our capabilities in the marketplace.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then, with the anticipated improvement in financial services that's good to see that come through. Looking forward is it -- should we assume that continues to step up?
KC McClure: So as you said, we were also pleased with the up tick in financial services that we saw this quarter and that did come in as expected. And I did note, I will say again that we were particularly pleased with our strong growth in North America and the continued double-digit growth that we have in the growth markets. And while Europe did contract, it is -- we did see improvement in banking capital markets and as it relates to what we think for the rest of the year, we still see the second half of the year in financial services being stronger than the first half of the year which is what we had anticipated. And you see the first part of that happening in Q3.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good morning guys. How are you?
David Rowland: Good morning, Tien-tsin. How are you?
Tien-tsin Huang: I'm good. Let me ask on the margin side. It looks like gross margin drove the raise in margin guidance. Is that correct? And what would you attribute that to the favorable mix pricing, contracts execution, a little bit bumping up overall?
KC McClure: Yes. Hi, Tien-tsin. As you know, we really do run our business first of all to operating margin. So that's really how we manage the business. And the first thing that we do look at -- within gross margin is, how contract profitability is performing. And overall for both the quarter and for the year, we're happy with our improvement in contract profitability. And that really just all starts with pricing, right. So as we have more and more of our work in the new and in areas where we see strong demand and where we have highly differentiated skills, we do see that we're able to price at a better rate than in other areas. So you'll see that that is part of what's driving our gross margin which is in fact a part -- a big part of driving operating margin. It's also important to note that even within gross margin, we do have our investments and that's really key for what we're doing. So again that's why we run our business operating margin but from quarter-to-quarter, we are also absorbing investments in our people, in our business, in our gross margin as well.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. That's healthy. Then on top of Ashwin's questions on pushing on bookings just a bit lumpiness there, is it, now to simplify, but is it -- attribute it to just normalization and given the outperformance you saw in the prior quarter and the time required to refill the pipeline then obviously bookings came in quite strong last quarter.
David Rowland: Yes. Tien-tsin let me just jump in because you remember, some may remember this became a little bit of an -- maybe even an unnecessary distraction in quarter one. And just to make sure that maybe we're even more clear on our messaging. So let me just say that we're very, very pleased with the demand environment. So let's be clear on that. That's reflected in our revenue growth year-to-date that's reflected in the revenue growth that we see in the New is reflected. And what we feel is a very strong pipeline position as we closed out the third quarter and that's reflected in our statement and our confidence that we will have strong bookings in the fourth quarter. So to be clear, we're not concerned about bookings, bookings do vary by quarter. Very often it can be influenced by the timing of when the large deals closed and in the scheme of our big business that we have deals that close in the month of June let's say as opposed to a few weeks early in the month of May. Obviously, that didn't make any difference in the health of our business and what we see from a demand standpoint. So, we're very encouraged by the demand environment. And as KC said the bookings aren't lumpy as they have always been in our business. And I would focus more on the confidence that we have in the fourth quarter than I would, the fact that quarter three was at $10.6 billion.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. Message delivered. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead guys.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning and congrats on the solid results. I just want to ask about strategy and consulting. I know you in the past had hovered around mid single digits then it bumped up a little bit when the [indiscernible] double digits. And then now, I think it decelerated a tad in mid single digits. So can you just talk a little bit about maybe the ups and downs of that business and the slight deceleration we saw in the quarter?
KC McClure: Yes. Thanks Bryan. So, overall as you mentioned, we do feel good about our business in strategy and consulting. And we do feel good about mid-single-digit growth. And we did have very solid bookings this quarter as well. And as you mentioned the growth will ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. And really as we look at our strategy and consulting business just a reminder that there's really kind of a dual purpose of what we're trying to accomplish there. First of all is just a main objective of the role of delivering strategy and consulting work to our clients. But then also, it's really to bring as you know the full scope of our end-to-end services. A lot of the overall transformation work and any of the larger scale deals in the pipeline that we may have also led by and brought by our strategy and consulting business. So in that context as we stated before, we see strategy and combined, if it's in the mid, the high single digits and that will ebb and flow by quarter, we think that's [indiscernible] for us.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Helpful. And as a follow up, I want to ask about the acquisition. It sounds like it's been about $1.1 billion capital deployed in acquisitions. Can you just talk about how much you plan to spend in acquisitions as we go into next year, are we still thinking a point or two of acquisitions kind of as a revenue contribution is kind of the right metric to think about?
KC McClure: Yes. Maybe I'll just give some of that financial data and David can talk a little bit more on that. So overall for this fiscal year, we think that we will probably spend based on where we are today very closer to $1.3 billion in acquisitions -- for acquisitions. And overall for this year than we believe based on what we've seen in the pipeline that we have in front of us and the deals we've already closed. We think the revenue for the inorganic revenue contribution this year will be closer to 2% probably closer to 1.5% that we had previously mentioned.
David Rowland: And again, I would say just in terms of how to think about this going forward, our inorganic strategy or our acquisition strategy as we've said through the years really using inorganic as an engine for organic growth that continues to be a focus area for us and that will -- that is a strategic objective will -- is really unchanged as we look forward. And really if you look at what we've done year-to-date it's -- I'm really pleased with how we've executed that. I think over about 80% of what we've done is focused on the New we've done of course several deals and interactive as I called out, but we've also done deals in both Industry X.0 and applied intelligence. We've also done several deals and Accenture Technology in both our intelligence platform services where we were strengthening our skills and differentiation in a few of the platforms. And then, we've also done deals to acquire high-end software engineering capabilities again in our intelligence software engineering services. And then to round out as will always be the case we have a handful of bills in the mix that are verticals specific and it's interesting and just as an illustration of the importance to banking and capital markets does over the long haul is an important industry. We've made several investments in banking during this period of time. So this will be an important part of our strategy and you should really expect more of the same as we look forward.
Bryan Keane: Okay, helpful. Thanks for taking the questions.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Moffettnathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Good morning. Question actually on the non-new I guess I'd say looking at performance of some of your peers over the last few months, one of the notable striking observations is that some of the traditional services appear to be deteriorating. So, I'm just hoping you could unpack for us a little bit in the Accenture's non news meaning the other 35% or so. Just remind us a little bit, what exactly is in there and what trends are you seeing in that -- in those traditional services? Thank you.
David Rowland: So, first of all from a business trend standpoint we have -- we really haven't seen a change in the pattern at all. If you were to even -- if you just took the information that we provide you could extrapolate that the 35% is declining, let's say in the single digit range and that's a pattern that we've seen now for some time. And so to be clear all of our growth and this is by design comes from our rotation to the new and the success that we've had in driving those services. In many ways, we are in some instances -- we're actually accelerating that because we are in the interests of our clients, for example, we're taking some legacy services, I think legacy application maintenance type services and we are introducing new technology to do that work in a more innovative way. And in doing so, you see those legacy services an application maintenance as an example decline, but that is by design. You might say we're cannibalizing ourselves which is in support of our strategy, but we also do it in delivering value to our clients. The other thing that you have in the New and this is not to say that this is not a comment on market demand, but you do have a lot of -- let's say more traditional classic consulting services would be in the New and while there's still demand for some of those classic consulting services where our real opportunity is and where we're really focusing on our skills capabilities and serving our clients is the strategy and consulting service tied to work that we do in the New. And so the classic services have less focus therefore less growth because we're doing everything rotated to the New. So hopefully that, really the bottom line is, we really haven't seen any change in the dynamic of the growth rate in the non-new versus the growth in the New. And it's really happening exactly as we intent for our strategy.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay, terrific. Thank you. That's helpful. And maybe a quick one for KC. It looks like attrition picks back up a little bit this quarter. Can you just comment on what you're seeing on the labor front? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes. So it is an 18%. It's in the range that we have been before. At least that's the overall 18% it's not something that we're concerned about. But I would like to say that within that if I peel back a little bit, I do feel really good and we feel really good about the strong retention rates that we have in the areas that David just talked about a lot of the strategic high growth areas of our business including strategy and consulting as well as many other components of the New. And maybe just to close out as a reminder, we really have no issues getting the talent that we need. We are really quite a magnet for talent based on the strategy that we have. Our financial performance is attractive and overall our talent strategy and the experience that we provide to our people the right workplace and our culture, our strategy, it's really an environment where innovation is at the heart of everything that we do and that's very attractive to many people in the workplace.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks. I think it's good to talk to you.
David Rowland: Thanks Lisa.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Oh, yes. Hey guys. Thank you. And I guess my first question I know in the details you send out the New has been over 60% now for four quarters, the prior seven quarters it's stuffed up every single quarter. And I think you did call it on this call, it's more like 65% now. But is there any reason that that pace of like change into the New seems to maybe be slowing. I know the growth is really good. But is there anything changing at all there?
David Rowland: I don't think there's anything changed. I mean I think you're going to see as we continue to talk about the New in the quarters ahead, I think you're going to see the same type trend line in terms of what it -- how it increases as a percentage of our revenue. So, I think as we get to the fourth quarter where we typically round the number that we quote externally inside, I think you'll see the typical pattern continue to evolve.
Dave Koning: Okay. Now, that's great. And the other thing just I know it sounds like the environment remains strong and hasn't changed a lot, but the last seven, eight quarters or so have been kind of in the 8% to 11% constant currency. And I think you're kind of guiding 5 to 8 or so in Q4. Is that kind of the typical set the bar to somewhere that's pretty easy to hit and if you execute well you kind of beat that? Or is there something a little different maybe related to the bookings this quarter that you're just trying to be a little more conservative?
KC McClure: Hey Dave. I would say that, I wouldn't characterize our book -- our guidance range is any different in terms of our practice. I mean as you know for the 5% to 8% from Q4, we always tend to aim -- we aim towards the upper end of that range. That's no different than what we have historically done and what we always try to do. And there's not really any difference within because the bookings in Q3 or what we see in Q4, I think it's pretty much our standard way of looking at the quarter and getting the right balance that we believe the revenue expectations we would want to set with all of you.
Dave Koning: Got you. All right. Well, thank you. Good job.
David Rowland: Thank you.
KC McClure: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: Hi. Thanks for taking my call here. I wanted to ask about non-linear growth with your head count now at 481,000 and it seems like a lot more of the digital world is sort of platforms and non-people based solutions. And if you talk about your investments in that area and where you see it maybe going as a percent of revenue? Thank you.
David Rowland: No. We have talked about that before and at the level that I guess is appropriate for us to talk about in this forum, I will say again that certainly we believe that non-linear growth over time will be more in the mix. You are right that that platform based solutions bringing IP to the table solution aids et cetera which I referenced several in my script are increasingly a bigger part of the services industry and increasingly a bigger part of our differentiation. And so, over time, we will be focused even more. And I'm sure we'll become even better at capturing the value of the IP and the solution aids et cetera that we bring to our clients to deliver services and to deliver value to our clients. The pace at which it happens is harder to predict. We're quite comfortable as we look forward in terms of our ability to manage the SaaS talent organization we have. And as we looked out as you would expect we do over a multiyear horizon there's not anything about the progression of our headcount that that concerns us in terms of executing our business strategy. So non-linear growth that I think will be more in the mix in the industry and I would expect Accenture would lead the way, but the timing and the slope of the curve I think is still yet to be defined and we'll see how that plays out.
Edward Caso: Okay. Another question, I think in the past you might have given us a view on the FX for the coming fiscal year. I wonder if you could help us out in that department, your initial views on the FX headwind or benefit in FY'20?
KC McClure: Hi, Ed. We won't provide any FY'20 guidance including FX until we get the full FY'20 guidance that we typically do at the end of our fourth quarter.
Edward Caso: Great. Thank you. Congrats.
David Rowland: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, there. Good to talk to you guys. I wanted to ask how you're feeling about the trends and valuations that you're paying for acquisitions, maybe you can talk about how you're performing against your ROI targets, for your average acquisition that you've completed in recent history.
David Rowland: As we've said before, we are very rigorous in tracking our return on our investment for our acquisitions. As a management team we do it very rigorously and we actually review that with the Finance Committee and the Board every quarter. And so, it is a big focus and as I said before we are really pleased with the performance of our portfolio and really have been for the last several years as we really started to ramp up our game in this area. As it relates to valuations in certain areas of the market which well valuations have gotten pretty frothy and we consider that as we do the analysis of [barb] [ph] versus build. We're not going to be -- we will never be irrational and in overpaying for an asset in the market. But on the other hand, if we also look at things through a strategic lens and we understand that if something has significant strategic value and there's a scarcity of the skill in the marketplace then we make the judgment about paying a little bit more in those instances and there's been instances where we've done that. So as you would expect of us Rod, we are extremely thoughtful. There are areas like applied intelligence. In the analytic space for example where the valuations are super high, Industry X and in some areas there the valuations are super high. And so, we navigate that within our financial objectives. Again, we have a willingness where it is the right strategic play, but by and large we focus on valuation because we're very return focused in the way we execute our strategy.
Rod Bourgeois: Got it. That makes sense. Just a follow up on the outlook in consulting growth versus outsourcing growth. I was impressed last quarter with the strength in outsourcing growth and it up ticked again this quarter and while consulting slowed a little bit. So is your outlook for growth in consulting versus outsourcing at a similar clip or do you expect one to look stronger than the other in the next few quarters as you look at what's happening in the pipeline?
KC McClure: I will give you a little bit of color and how we see that playing out in FY'19. So for the fourth quarter, we've been consulting and outsourcing both are going to be about mid to high single digits growth and that would put for the full year both consulting and outsourcing at a high single digit growth range.
Rod Bourgeois: All right. Great. Thank you guys.
David Rowland: Thanks Rod.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: Thank you. David, thanks for the deep dive on the sensor technology, you had articulated the dimensions of intelligent platforms, intelligent software, engineering and cloud and infrastructure. I was wondering can you help us -- I don't say that intelligent platforms is 40% of revenue, big number. I was wondering can you give us some sense of the sizes of the other two?
David Rowland: I don't think we can communicate that externally. And I don't think I want to do that on this particular call, but we take that point and we have anticipated that we will start to introduce some quantitative numbers behind those parts of our business. But right now it's a little bit premature to do that. But expect that we will do that as we move forward.
James Friedman: So maybe a different direction then, KC you commented in your observations about the operating groups that the platforms which David has described in his prepared remarks. He's populated very well in CMT. Or, you said it was like driver of growth – software and platforms you said was the driver growth CMT. Can you give us an idea of how we would use the presence of say platforms in the other operating groups, do they over index with any of the other operating groups?
KC McClure: Jamie, thanks for that question because that provides a good opportunity to make sure that we're clear with the use of the word platform maybe so. Platforms that David was talking about that we talk about quite a bit, they are pervasive in all parts of our business all operating groups, all geographies, in all parts of our business dimension. So that's what we talk about when we discuss platforms.
David Rowland: And by the way again in that case when we talk about the platforms, it's the work that we do around SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday and we refer to that as our intelligent platform services business that's the work we do around those platform in that context.
KC McClure: Right. So that's all five of those, and that is pervasive everywhere. When I commented specifically Jamie on CMT; CMT has three industry groups that make up the operating group of CMT. One of which is called software and platforms. So I know that, it’s the use of the platforms name twice, but that's why I specifically called that out within CMT. But most importantly the IPF that David talked about the five platforms that we quantify in IPF, intelligence platform services are pervasive everywhere.
David Rowland: So, on CMT, it was the industry segment reference she was making as a driver of growth.
James Friedman: I got you. Okay. Thanks for the clarification guys.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning guys. So just to clarify on the comment about bookings improving in Q4, do you mean in absolute terms, do you mean the book to bill, do you mean acceleration in year-over-year growth, would it be all the above?
KC McClure: Yes. It's pretty much all the above. I mean mainly I'm focusing on -- in absolute terms, but it would generally be all the above.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Got it. And just on Accenture Interactive, obviously, you mentioned all the deal activity there which is quite interesting, want to see if we can just get an update on how fast that business is growing organically or the annualized revenue run rate of it. I know you've talked about it in some Investor Days in the past. I know you've been getting a little bit bigger on the agency record side there. So just hoping to get a general update qualitatively and quantitatively on that part?
David Rowland: Yes. The last time we saw, it was for FY'18 and it was $8.5 billion. And when you look at this business, this year it has continued to grow strong double-digit growth. And if I pair it the way peer would have said it, I mean very strong double digit growth. So you can think of it as -- is not in the teens but higher than that. And that growth continues. And of course within that as important as the acquisitions are and how we've executed our growth strategy in the context of 8.5 plus billion dollar business the vast, vast, vast majority of that growth of course is organic. And so it is fundamentally an organic driven business where we have used the strategic acquisitions, it's really an igniter if you will of the organic growth and which ultimately led to the scale of 8.5 plus billion dollars.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. I appreciate the comments.
David Rowland: Sure.
Angie Park: Greg, we have time for one more question, and then, David will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to follow up margin question from earlier. So you’ve had solid performance this year. Can you comment on what's being done differently this year to yield that margin expansion really getting back on track for your model versus last year? Because I think you call that contract profitability earlier, but any other particular factors that are standing out.
KC McClure: Thanks for the question Bryan. We're really focused as I mentioned before on pricing. So we're always focused on pricing and I talked about this a little bit last quarter. That's nothing new, but we continue to really be taking a look at our business in terms of getting the right value for the offerings that we're bringing and pricing out the right way in the marketplace. The benefit, first us, would also as well as make sure that we're doing the right arrangements for our clients. So I think that's really what I would say is the difference that is yielding probably most of the power within our margins is what we're able to do in pricing.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just to close out here.. Industry X.0, it seems like peers are also emphasizing connected products in IoT with a pick up in recent deals. Can you give us an update just on that business how you see this space, how you feel about the outlook and then any metrics you can share on that business?
David Rowland: I mean it is central to our strategy. We're super excited about the potential and Industry X. We've said that many times before, it is relative to Accenture Interactive which still has a big growth proposition in front of it. X is lower on the maturity curve if you will. And so there's a lot of runway in front of Industry X.0. In many ways it's still relatively immature. But we are working hard to be positioned right at the heart of that wave. And we've and -- we're well positioned now to be a leader in that way. So we're very focused on it. It is a top short list strategic objective and we're excited about the market potential.
Bryan Bergin: Thank you.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you.
David Rowland: Okay. So, thanks again for joining us on today's call. And as you can tell we feel very good about where we are and confident in our ability to finish the year strong. With our highly differentiated capabilities, continued investments across Accenture and disciplined execution of our growth strategy, we're very well-positioned to continue delivering profitable growth and significant value to all of our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime if you have any questions as always please feel free to call Angie and her team and I hope all of you have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-03-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Trish, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As Trish just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from David Rowland, our Interim Chief Executive Officer; and KC McClure, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. David will begin with an overview of our results. KC will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. David will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before KC provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We’ll then take your questions before David provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for our investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to David.
David Rowland: Thank you, Angie, and thanks so much to all of you for joining on today’s call. Before we get into the quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Pierre, and how important he was to Accenture throughout this decades-long career and his leadership as Chairman and CEO. From a personal standpoint, it’s certainly a different feeling doing an earnings call without him. But as you’ll hear in our comments, I’m confident Pierre would have been really pleased with all we accomplished in the second quarter and the first-half of fiscal 2019. With that said, we delivered outstanding results in the second quarter, and I want to share some of the highlights. We delivered record new bookings of $11.8 billion. We grew revenues 9% in local currency to $10.5 billion, with continued double-digit growth across many parts of the business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.73, a 9% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.3%, an expansion of 20 basis points. Our free cash flow is outstanding at $1.2 billion, and we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $2.7 billion on a year-to-date basis. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.46 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for the year to $2.92 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So with the first-half of the year behind us, I feel very good about the broad-based strength of our financial results and the momentum we see across the business as we enter the second-half. Later KC will mention that we’re raising key elements of our business outlook, and I’m confident in our ability to deliver another strong year. Now it gives me great pleasure to hand over to our new CFO, KC McClure, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Over to you KC?
KC McClure: Thank you, David. It’s both an honor and a privilege to follow in your footsteps and service Accenture CFO. Let me start by saying that, we were extremely pleased with our overall financial results in the second quarter, which were in line with our expect – expectations and position us very well to achieve our full-year financial guidance. Our second quarter results continue to provide strong foundation of the relevance of our offerings and capabilities to our clients and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment, both to deliver significant value to our clients, our people and our shareholders. With that said, let me summarize the highlights in the context of our three financial imperatives. Strong revenue growth of 9% in local currency, reflects the consistency and durability of our growth model, where being a leader across many dimensions of our market has resulted in a growth level that we estimate at more than two times the rate of the market. We had double-digit growth in three of our operating groups and in the Growth Markets. The broad-based momentum continued with growth in 12 of the 13 industry groups and in each of the components of “the New”, digital, cloud and security, which we estimate grew strong double-digits. Operating margin of 13.3%, reflects 20 basis points of expansion, both for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. This level of margin expansion is driven by strong underlying profitability, which importantly allows us to continue to make significant investments in our people and in our business, and we delivered EPS of $1.73, which represents 9% growth on an adjusted basis compared to last year, even with an FX headwind of approximately 4%. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.2 billion in the quarter and $2.2 billion year-to-date, which puts us on a very strong trajectory to achieve our guidance for the full-year. We continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation objectives with roughly $2.7 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date. And we have made investments of $515 million in acquisitions, primarily attributed to 15 transactions in the first-half of the year, and we continue to expect to invest up to $1.5 billion this fiscal year. Now let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New book – new bookings were $11.8 billion for the quarter, a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. Year-to-date, bookings of $22 billion are aligned to our expectations for the first-half of the year. Consulting bookings were $6.7 billion, also a record high, with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Outsourcing bookings were $5.1 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our new booking, which were broad-based and aligned to our strategic areas of focus. They reflect our continued differentiation in the market and the high-level of trust our clients place in us to partner with them in driving critical work and supporting their strategy to adopt and implement new technologies. The dominant driver of our bookings in the quarter continued to be high demand for digital, cloud and security-related services, which we estimate represented approximately 65% of our new bookings. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $10.5 billion, a 5% increase in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency, above the top-end of our previously guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $5.8 billion, up 6% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.7 billion, up 5% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Looking at the trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimension, strategy and consulting services and technology services, both posted strong high single-digit growth and operations continuing its trend of double-digit growth. And as previously mentioned, “the New” continue to deliver strong double-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Resources led all operating groups with 22% growth in local currency, driven by continued strong double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media & Technology grew 12%, reflecting continued strong double-digit growth in software and platforms, which was the primary contributor to overall double-digit growth in North America and the Growth Markets and strong growth in Europe. Products, our largest operating group, delivered its 15th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth at 10%. Demand continued to be broad-based across all three industries and all three geographies. H&PS grew 3%, driven by solid growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth overall in both Europe and the Growth Markets. We saw slight contraction in North America, which reflects some continued pressure in our U.S. Federal business, where we expect improvement in the second-half of the year. Finally, financial services grew 2% as expected and the trends remain consistent with last quarter, with double-digit growth in insurance and slight contraction in banking and capital markets. Overall, for financial services, we saw double-digit growth in the Growth Markets and modest growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We continue to expect improved growth rates in our Financial Services business in the second-half of the year. Turning to the geographic dimensions of our business, I’m very pleased that we again delivered strong growth in all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 8% revenue growth in local currency, driven by continued strong growth in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 6% in local currency, with double-digit growth in Italy, France and Ireland, as well as high single-digit growth in the UK, and we delivered another very strong quarter in Growth Markets, with 16% growth in local currency, led by Japan, which again had very strong double-digit growth. We had double-digit growth in Brazil, China and Singapore as well. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 29.2%, compared with 28.9% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 9.8%, compared with 10.1% for the second quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2%, compared to 5.7% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.4 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.3% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with Q2 last year. As a reminder, in Q2 of last year, we recognized a charge related to U.S. tax law changes. The following comparisons exclude the impact and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.1%, compared with an adjusted effective tax rate of 15.1% in the second quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.73, compared with adjusted EPS of $1.58 in the second quarter last year. This reflects a 9% year-over-year increase. DSO were 40 days, compared to 42 days last quarter and 40 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $140 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $4.5 billion, compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 6.7 million shares for $1 billion at an average price of $149.46 per share. At February 28, we had approximately $4.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As David mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semiannual dividend of $1.46 per share, representing a 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May last year. This dividend will be paid on May 15, 2019. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we will move from a semiannual to a quarterly dividend payment schedule. So at the halfway point of fiscal 2019, we feel really good about our results to date and our positioning to deliver on our full-year business outlook. We continue to be extremely focused on achieving our financial objectives, which are growing revenues faster than the market, delivering consistent modest margin expansion and stronger earnings growth, while investing at scale for market leadership and generating strong cash flow, which is both invested in the business and returned to shareholders through disciplined and smart capital allocation. With that, let me turn it back to David.
David Rowland: Thank you, KC. As I reflect on our second quarter and year-to-date results, I think they say a lot about the important attributes that truly differentiate Accenture as a market leader. Of course, the overarching headline is the consistency and durability of our strong financial performance, which KC described very well in her comments. But I think it’s equally important to understand how closely aligned our results are with our strategic priorities, because what drives the results is just as important as the outcome. So I want to take a few minutes to describe how our results clearly reflect our strategy in action. First, the foundation of our growth strategy is to drive strong momentum in “the New” and that has certainly been the case so far this year with continued double-digit growth across digital, cloud and security, even as these businesses have reached significant scale and now represents the majority of what we do. With Accenture Interactive, we continue to lead a significant disruption in the market, leveraging our position as the world’s largest provider of digital marketing services with award-winning capabilities to help leading brands transform their customer experience. In fiscal 2019, we have invested significantly in this area and have announced six acquisition so far this year to further enhance our scale and differentiation in the high-priority markets. In Applied Intelligence, we’ve also made significant investments to scale the business and strengthen our distinct positioning, which combines advanced analytics and artificial intelligence with our deep understanding of industries and business functions. We currently have more than 20,000 people focused on Applied Intelligence, including 6,000 deep in artificial intelligence and data science. And we’ve developed more than 250 proprietary industry-specific assets that significantly differentiate us in the market. We’re making excellent progress with Industry X.O, which is using advanced digital technologies to help clients transform their core operation from R&D and engineering to production and after-market support. We’re building a market-leading capability, with more than 10,000 people supporting the Industry X.O and we continue to expand our capabilities in dozens of innovation centers in our global network from Munich to Tokyo to Detroit. We’re also rapidly scaling Accenture Security, where we made further progress this year in building a market-leading cyber security business. Today, we’re one of the leading providers in this market, growing double-digits year-to-date, with revenues that we estimate will be well above $2 billion in fiscal 2019. The second pillar of our strategy is Accenture Technology, which we believe represents the strongest technology capability in our industry. And so far this year, we’ve sharpened our focus on three key areas within Accenture Technology that powered growth across our business. First, you’ve heard us talk about intelligent platform services, where we’re a global leader, partnering with the largest players, SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday. This business continues to account for about 40% of our total revenues and has grown double-digit so far this year. Intelligent software engineering services is the next area of focus, where we’re leveraging the capabilities of more than 30,000 engineering professionals to deliver products and custom systems in a time of accelerating technology disruption. We believe that demand for custom, cloud-based applications will grow significantly in the coming years, and we’re well-positioned to meet that demand. And with intelligent clout and infrastructure services, who are leading integrator for cloud partners, such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform providing clients with powerful differentiated solutions as they accelerate the adoption of cloud-enabled technologies. Accenture Operations is the third pillar of our strategy, and we continue to lead the market with new and innovative approaches to help clients drive top line growth and efficient and intelligent operations. During the second quarter, we introduced SynOps, our unique approach to orchestrating data, applied intelligence and digital technologies with human expertise to reinvent business processes and enable intelligent operations. Accenture Operations has contributed double-digit growth so far this year and, in fact, has been a consistent market leader with double-digit growth for seven consecutive years. And to complete the picture, we continued to invest in growing our strategy and consulting capabilities, which are the foundation of our deep and differentiated expertise. In the first-half alone, we’ve scaled key growth areas in strategy and consulting, with the addition of more than 400 new Managing Directors through promotions and external hires. And I was so delighted that Accenture was recognized just last week among the top companies in the Forbes ranking of American Management Consulting Firms, receiving more five star ratings than any other company. Of course, what makes Accenture truly special is our ability to combine our capabilities across the strategic areas of focus to drive large-scale transformational change for our clients and you see strong evidence of this in the $22 billion of new bookings we’ve generated so far this year. Underpinning all of these strategic pillars, our Accenture’s unique position in the ecosystem, our relentless focus on innovation and a significant capacity we have to invest strategically and at scale. So in summary, our strong financial performance is the direct result of our ability to continue executing our growth strategy, with a high level of focus and precision in all we do. Finally, our results also underscore the strength and depth of our leadership team and the resiliency of our organization. Accenture has always been a collection of extremely talented individual leaders, who are motivated first and always about the power of the team, and that certainly is evident in our second quarter and year-to-date results. Before I hand it over to KC, I want to provide a brief update on our CEO succession. As you would expect, our Board continues to execute a very rigorous and comprehensive process, which is going very well. Given the strength of our leadership bench, our expectation is that we will name an internal candidate and that the process will be completed by the end of this fiscal year. With that, I’ll turn it over to KC to provide an up – to provide our updated business outlook. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. And before I turn to our business outlook, let me clarify that our European revenues growth this quarter was 7% in local currency, not 6%. With that, let me turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.8 billion to $11.1 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 4.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and reflects an estimated 5.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2019, based on how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on a result in U.S. dollars will be about negative 3% compared to fiscal 2018. For the full fiscal 2019, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 6.5% to 8.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2018 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%. It compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $7.18 to $7.32, or 7% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For the full fiscal year 2019, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.85 billion to $6.25 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.2 billion to $5.6 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, KC. I would ask that you each keep the one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Trish, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good morning.
David Rowland: Good morning, Tien-tsin.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good morning.
David Rowland: How are you? Good luck to your team tonight, by the way.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks for making me nervous away, I can’t wait to to watch. Thanks for that. Yes, so good result obviously. Just I was surprised by the strength in Growth Markets, let’s say, year-to-date, this has been growing in the mid-teens. Just curious if this is sustainable and or could we see more balanced growth across the geos based on what we’ve seen in bookings?
David Rowland: Well, Growth Markets has been a great – has really been a great story for us. And as we’ve highlighted several times, the real strength of the Growth Markets has been what has been an amazing story led by our leader [indiscernible] in Japan. And in Japan, we do have a very broad-based – we believe a very broad-based durable business, which reflects all of the elements of our strategy, which are constructed to create some durability. There are other important markets in the Growth Markets as well though. For example, interesting, you look at Brazil, which is a market that even in the backdrop of some macro challenges, our Brazil businesses has been very strong. You look at China, for example, this quarter, where we also had double-digit growth, which is not material in the context of Accenture overall, but yet it’s an important part of that Growth Markets story. So if you’re asking me, would I expect that we will grow forever at the rate of growth that we’ve been at recently in Growth Markets, I wouldn’t necessarily make that assumption. But we are extremely well-positioned in the Growth Markets and ultimately, what we – the measure that we hold ourselves against is that, we continue to grow significantly faster than the market and take share. And I think we’re well-positioned to do that in the Growth Markets going forward.
Tien-tsin Huang: Gotcha. Just my follow-up, just on the CEO succession. And so that’s completed, can we expect business as usual? Will you still be active in M&A and whatnot?
David Rowland: It is absolutely business as usual. What – the statement that I’ve made and our leadership team has embraced is, we don’t hit the pause button at all. So we continue to move forward. We operate and I’m executing the responsibilities in the same way the Pierre would have executed them if he was on the call today. So no pause. We continue to drive our business forward.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great. Thank you, guys.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning, guys, and congratulations on the rebound. And consulting was, I think, even stronger than most had expected and clearly it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. But I think, the book-to-bill in consulting was the best in the past three years. So can you just maybe go a little bit deeper into which specific areas within consulting and which geographies performed particularly well? And just based on the pipeline, do you expect the book-to-bill for consulting and overall to remain north of 1.0 in the second-half?
KC McClure: Yes. Hi, Jason, thank you for your question.
Jason Kupferberg: Hi.
KC McClure: We were very pleased with our consulting bookings this quarter that we’re very broad-based across all parts of our business and all geographies. In terms of what was driving the demand, we spoke a lot about it. David carried a lot of the conversation in these areas of our business. But it was across first, all the areas of “the New”. So we estimated that our bookings in “the New” were about 65% of our overall bookings and that continues as well in consulting. If you look at also the power of what we’re seeing in our intelligent platform business, which includes a significant portion of work in consulting as well, which is across Salesforce, Microsoft, Workday, and the…
David Rowland: Oracle.
KC McClure: … Oracle, thank you, David.
David Rowland: Yes.
KC McClure: So that was also a very strong driver of our growth in consulting. And as it relates to going forward, we feel very – we feel really comfortable about our pipeline. As we look at the back-half of the year, we always, as you know, have work to do for the back-half of the year to close our pipeline, but we feel pretty well-positioned as we sit here today with our pipeline in consulting.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, it’s one of the important parts about what differentiates Accenture, because when you look at our strategic areas of focus as I outlined in my script, all of those things, the common threat across all of that is that, many of them are enabled by a strong strategy in consulting practice that is deep in both industry skills and differentiation, but also in functional skills and differentiation. And that is part of the end-to-end model that we talk about at Accenture. And, of course, the consulting and strategy capability underpins that and really in many ways, it’s the tip of the spear for most of the pillars of our strategy. And as I mentioned, we continue to invest significantly in building that capability and in staying ahead of the market.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Well, that all makes sense. Can you just clarify how much of the 50 basis point revenue guidance raise here was organic? And then can you just make a couple of updated comments on financial services? I know you talked last quarter about it getting back to mid single digits in the second-half. Is that still the expectation? And would that be more of perhaps a Q4 event just given, I think, the comparison gets easier?
KC McClure: Okay. As it relates to organic and inorganic, we still see our inorganic growth rate for the full fiscal year to be about 1.5%. We’re at about 1.5% now, Jason, for the first-half of the year. And as we look at our inorganic guidance for the back-half of the year, we look at a few things. First of all, our pipeline and then the timing of when we estimate the deals that are in our pipeline would close and provide revenue this year. We also obviously do some risk adjustment on those numbers overall. So as we sit here today, we are seeing that inorganic growth is still about 1.5%, so there’s no change to our guidance overall for the year as it relates to inorganic. So as it relates to financial services, we do see an uptick still in the back-half of the year. So we were very pleased with financial services bookings, which came in as expected, but we’re very strong across all the elements of our financial services business, including banking capital markets, as well as insurance and across all of our geographies. So that bodes well for what we had anticipated seeing and we continue to anticipate seeing, which is an uptick in the back-half of the year for financial services. As it relates to what quarter that will happen in the back-half of the year, it really just depends, Jason, on the pace and the scale of that uptick as we proceed throughout the back-half of the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, understood. Thank you, guys.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Jim.
KC McClure: Hey, Jim.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Good morning, David and KC. How are you? Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering if you can maybe talk a little bit back to the Q4 call last year. I think you called out some macro risk in the business at that point Brexit trade tensions, et cetera. Can you maybe just kind of give us an update on what clients are saying about those potential macro risks? And how it’s kind of impacting, if at all your kind of outlook for the rest of the year? And to the extent, any of that has materialized in terms of client activity?
David Rowland: Yes. So, when you look at the risks that we’ve talked about, which includes Brexit and it includes the trade disputes, among others. I mean, as you well know, really those risks still exist today. So, our view of the macro environment, the potential for some slowdown in overall economic growth that has not changed at all. Having said that, consistent with what we’ve said before, for global companies to operate in this volatile dynamic environment is the new norm, but it’s been the new norm now for several years. And so as we talk to our clients, they continue to focus on, for the most part, driving their business forward, and the two teams remain the same. Our clients continue to focus on investing and digitizing their business, both for top line growth – differentiation in the market, but also as a way to create operating efficiency in the business. And so, we believe that companies continue, for the most part, continue to be on their front foot looking to invest in digitizing the business. And the other thing that continues to be at play, maybe incrementally stronger is the whole focus on strategic cost management and cost rationalization, which is always aimed at creating capacity to invest more in “the New”. And I think, as we talked about last time, all of that really plays to our strength, because where companies are investing is in these areas of new services, which, of course, is where we have put 100% of our focus. We also commented on the last call that we continued to see client budgets grow. I think we said last quarter, they would grow in 2019, maybe at a slightly lower clip, but in the same range as what we had seen the previous year. We haven’t seen anything that changes our point of view on that. And, of course, the best illustration of that is the $11.8 billion in bookings that we just posted. And so, look, the market is always challenging. There’s nothing different about it today than it was a year ago. The market is never easy. It’s always challenging. But as I talk to our C-Suite executives and our clients, there is a willingness and a desire really to invest and drive the business forward, and that’s not changed.
Jim Schneider: That’s helpful color. Thanks. And then maybe as a follow-up, David, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about going after custom client applications as a significant opportunity. It’s an interesting commentary to me. I’m curious, was that concentrated in one or two different verticals, or whether it’s more broad-based? Is it financials or something else? And maybe talk about how differentiated you feel that strategy is in the market relative to some of your traditional competitors? Thank you.
David Rowland: Yes. It is absolutely broad-based, and it is an interesting point of view to share and it’s an interesting trend that we see in the market quite different from what you might have expected three to four years ago, where everyone was talking about package, package, package. And if you think about it, it’s easy to understand as strong as the functionality is and the next-generation packages and platforms that companies are embracing. Really to get the full power of the data, the artificial intelligence, the machine learning, there is the need to do a lot of custom apps software development in the cloud, so to speak, to really exploit all of the advantages of kind of the broader landscape of new technology and new platforms. And I see that with our own company, and I see that with so many of our companies that I meet with. And so these are not, as you would expect, these are not like large-scale necessarily individual projects. But it’s a rapid pace of quick development of custom apps in order to really exploit and take advantage of the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of those things that require some customization for individual companies. And so I think it’s broad-based and pervasive. And it’s really just the – it’s kind of the art, if you will, behind the power of the technology and really customizing that to the needs of a particular company.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
David Rowland: You’re welcome.
KC McClure: Trish?
Operator: And we’ll open the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: Good morning. Congrats on a strong quarter here. I was wondering if you – looks like you’re targeting another $1 billion in acquisitions in the back-half. Can you sort of help us in what areas you’re focused and how they may be changing? Thanks.
KC McClure: Yes. Great, Ed. So we are – our guidance for the full-year is up to $1.5 billion. So given where we are, it would be about a $1 billion if we get to the – up to – range. In terms of what we’re looking at, it should be no surprise, that’s really aligned to our important strategic growth areas. And I’ll just point to what we’ve already done today. So you see a mix of various things, obviously, very much in “the New” with acquisitions that we’ve done in the past in Accenture Interactive. We’ve also done acquisitions in Industry X.O, as well as very specific industry plays that tie those to these new technologies, both in products and financial services, just to point out a few. So, it really is a key part of our strategy. And the demand in the areas that we look at are no different than what we do overall in our business, which are really tied to leading in “the New” and finding disruptive technologies and acquisitions in that – in those areas of the business.
David Rowland: Yes. And just to add to what KC said, just using what we’ve done, what we’ve announced, let’s say, really as of today. We’ve done roughly about seven acquisitions in Accenture Interactive. We’ve done three in Industry X.O. We’ve done four in Technology. If you look at Technology, three of those were directly tied to deepening our skills and the platforms. So I think there were a couple in Oracle and one SAP, as an example. There was another one around data and analytics. And then we had several vertical specific acquisitions, several in financial services, as an example. And so I think that’s a good representation of we’re all about investing in “the New”, so that’s a good roadmap for our acquisition strategy, as well as our highest-growth, highest-priority verticals, and that’s a good roadmap going forward just as it’s been in the past.
Edward Caso: My other question is just seeking some help on translating strength and consulting to outsourcing. How height is the linkage still between those two, or is consulting really more contained and less of a link than it used to be outsourcing? Thank you.
KC McClure: Yes. Ed, I don’t think there’s really any significant difference in terms of the linkage that we’ve seen. So if you take a look at what we do in our consulting business, obviously, first starts with strategy, which can be projects that are specific to strategy, but also oftentimes serve as the beginning for an end-to-end solution for our clients. That’s no different than really what we have seen in the past. As we look at the consulting front-end capabilities that we have, we’re in a management consulting space and we connect that to, for example, the intelligent platform space, which leads into outsourcing as well. There is still that very same connection that we’ve had in the past. So we don’t really see any big difference, Ed, in terms of what you would think about as it relates to consulting and outsourcing, both as it relates to doing end-to-end services here at Accenture.
Edward Caso: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And we will open the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. My first question here is, it seems like you’ve sort of hit a second gear in digital. And I know you’ve – in some of your literature, you’ve talked about going from sort of the consumer to more of the enterprise part of it. Could you maybe describe a little bit more about the strength of this demand, because I think it’s surprisingly strong sort of late in what we would consider the cycle and maybe where you think it’s coming from?
David Rowland: Yes. Well, first of all, when we look at digital, as we define it, there’s really not any aspect of our digital business that we consider to be late in cycle. I mean, look, so just what you start there. If you look at Accenture Interactive, which is the business that, relatively speaking is the most mature within our business. Accenture Interactive, if you look at the G2000 and if you look at the rate of adoption of the power of digital and really reimagining and recreating customer experiences and all of the analytics and revenue enhancement and all of the other offerings that go around that, the rate of adoption while we are, let’s say, several years into that cycle, there’s still a lot of runway in that business going forward. I don’t think you would find any G2000 company that would tell you that they think they’re kind of done with that. That is an ongoing process, and so that has a lot of potential going forward. And, of course, we’re constantly investing and kind of reimagining on our business to find the next best curve or the next growth curve, which is exactly what we’re doing in Interactive, as we speak. If you look at Industry X.O, I think that it’s widely recognized that the potential of Industry X.O is massive, but yet very, very early cycle in terms of the adoption. And so if you look at the kinds of things that we are doing digital services factories for manufacturing companies, when you look at the adoption of intelligent products or connected smart products, what – digitizing the manufacturing process as a way to accelerate time to market, again, that is very early adoption. And I think if you look at Applied Intelligence, and I don’t think you would find any company that says that they think they’ve arrived in terms of fully exploiting the power of data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, et cetera, and I could continue on. Accenture Security, companies have a big agenda, multi-year agenda still to really deal with all that is required to fully secure the enterprise, their customer, data customer relationship, et cetera. And so we look at this as a longer cycle and a cycle where we are still early innings if you want to use the baseball game analogy. So, we think there’s runway when you look at the elements of our digital business.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then my second question, I know this is kind of strange, but we get this occasionally from investors. I think most people think that the overall economy is maybe late cycle. And I’m wondering with all the digital work, do you believe it’s more discretionary than it’s been in the past last cycle? And last downturn, Accenture did very well and held in very well. I’m wondering sort of what your thoughts would be assuming that we eventually hit an end of the road on that side as well? Thanks.
David Rowland: Yes. Well, I’ll tell you what we believe, what we observe and then we’ll see – at some point, perhaps we’ll see how this plays out. But our observation is that, with the pace of disruption in global business, with the pace at which industries are getting disrupted, companies are getting disrupted, there’s a recognition we believe we see among companies that you cannot afford to hit the pause button. You cannot afford to slowdown. And I think that when we hit the eventual soft spot, what you will see is, companies doubling down more and pushing harder on the operational efficiency and cost rationalization agenda, because in order to fuel what is the lifeblood, which is constantly reimagining, reinventing and investing in growth, continuing up this adoption curve of the power of the new technology. And so what we see – what we believe is that, there’s going to be resiliency and companies’ willingness to invest in their definition of “the New”, because to do otherwise would just fundamentally jeopardize the existence of the enterprise going forward. We’ll see the extent to which that plays out, but that is the observation that we have.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
David Rowland: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will open the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Andrew Bauch: Hey, guys, this is Andrew Bauch on behalf of Darrin Peller.
David Rowland: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Bauch: Hey, how are you? I wanted to dig into the H&PS briefly. I know last quarter you highlighted some challenges on the federal side due to the budget uncertainty. Just wondering if you could provide just a little more color on what’s happening here and some insight on expectations for the rest of the year?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. Happy to do that. Nice to meet you. In terms of H&PS and the U.S. Federal business, consistent with what we said last quarter, our federal business is really going through the natural cycle of a few contracts winding down. So we do see improvement in our U.S. Federal business in the back-half of the year, and that will also be part of, obviously, the increase in our H&PS business improving in the back-half of the year. As it relates – I’ll give you a little bit color on since you talked about budgets. The partial government shutdown that we experienced this quarter was not material at the Accenture level for either the quarter, nor will it be for the year. As it relates to H&PS, it was about 2% of an impact in the quarter. But we do not expect it to be material at all for the H&PS business for the full-year.
Andrew Bauch: Got it. Thank you. And then just wanted to touch on Accenture Interactive one more time. I mean, obviously, over the last couple of years, the growth rate would imply you’re taking some meaningful share in the digital agency. Just wanted to get a better understanding of the – how the competitive environment has kind of evolved over time? And if you’re seeing more pushback from the incumbents, building out their own digital practices and so on?
David Rowland: I would say there’s really no change. I think when you look at the Accenture and, let’s say, the competitors that have been part of the disruption. And so I think about Deloitte Digital, PWC Digital. IBM has a business that is focused on this space to some extent. I think, this is an attractive market. It’s a top of the sea level agenda discussion. And so I think, companies continue to invest and attempt to compete. And so I think that those companies that have been successful at disrupting and really bringing technology and industry depth and differentiation, the consulting and strategy and then also the ability to operate. What I just described, we think is unique to Accenture. But the other companies are competing hard. I think the incumbents are – intend to try to rotate to look more like the disruptors in the market. But that’s a difficult thing to do, because when you look at the things that are relevant to Accenture Interactive, some of these things at the core things that capabilities that we’ve built over decades. So to build a front-end consulting and strategy practice, for example, is tough to do to have the technology capability and DNA to underpin that business is tough to do. To have the operations capability, so one of our big offerings in operations now is Accenture Interactive operations. You don’t just create that overnight. And so we think that we’re well-positioned in that market going forward, but it’s an attractive market and we don’t underestimate any of the competitors.
Andrew Bauch: Got it. Thank you so much for the color.
David Rowland: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we’ll open the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Hey, guys. So question about hybrid cloud. I think one of the most striking trends across the IT landscape this year is the emergence of strong hybrid cloud growth, meaning with a strong on-premise and more private component to it. Some – I’d love some color just on how if you are evolving your cloud business, how you are sort of evolving it to reflect that trend, which arguably give some hope to the legacy incumbent data center outsourcers who have more of an incumbent position within the private space?
David Rowland: Yes. Lisa, you just haven’t fun with me asking me a deep technology question and [inaudible]. Is this a test?
Lisa Ellis: Come on, David, you had to read the first part of the script today. You got to.
David Rowland: That’s right. I’ll channel Paul Daugherty. But in all seriousness, I mean, what – as always, the way you characterized it is exactly right. And I will say that Accenture’s position really from the very beginning was that the cloud adoption would evolve to be more of a hybrid environment. We’ve had that belief from the very earliest days of discussion about cloud adoption, and that is exactly the way it is played out. And I think that – and there’s a lot of things that influence the need to do that. Part of it is an issue around a client’s comfort or willingness to put certain data, certain apps on the public cloud. Of course, there’s also the opportunity to exploit the power of the public cloud, which is maybe exceeds the potential power of any private cloud with all of the capabilities and especially the machine learning and artificial intelligence kind of capabilities that are embedded in many of the cloud offerings. And so, I guess, I could just say that, that is the definite trend. There’s a lot of work that we do for our clients in helping them think through their cloud migration strategy. So if anybody thinks that, that is kind of behind us, I would say to the contrary, in fact, again, I was just with one of our client CEOs two weeks ago and the first thing that he wanted to talk about was cloud migration strategy. And it was all around the context of this hybrid cloud and the private versus the public and then the public the strategy across the range of very strong providers. And so it is a dynamic going forward. And it’s exactly the approach that I think every single company is taking in their adoption of the power of cloud.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. And then my follow-up, maybe KC, is for you. Can you come a little bit on how revenue per head and also contract duration are trending? The reason I’m asking is, because just look at the longer-term trends, headcount growth has moderated a little bits as has the longer-term trend on book-to-bill. But that’s not consistent with your revenue growth, which has remained very strong. So I’m just wondering if you could comment on some of the second order drivers?
KC McClure: Yes, sure. So first on the – in terms of the length or conversion, we haven’t really seen any change at all in our book to revenue conversion rates. And then – and as it relates on the revenue per head, Lisa, I’ll first start with that we have a real focus, obviously, on pricing. And what we’ve been able to do in areas where we have invested for differentiation is, we have seen pricing improvements in those parts of our business. And so that’s really is – that continues to be a very strong focus of ours. And we have made progress and continue to make progress that area. Again, always more work to do in that space, but that really first starts with pricing. And that gives us the most leverage as it relates to getting productivity out of our payroll. Then if you take a look at our overall payroll expense, which is the large bulk of what we do, right, a large bulk of our cost structure is in our payroll. So we’re very focused on making sure that we have the most efficient use of our payroll directed at our clients and recovering what is the right and proper rate for that work in the marketplace. So we have been making progress on that. It’s something that we continue to be focused on. It’s a never-ending job. But we are pleased with the progress that we’re making and you do see that coming through, not only in our revenue per head as a real driver of our operating margin expansion.
Angie Park: Okay.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, thank you. Thanks, guys.
David Rowland: Thank you, Lisa. I appreciate it.
Angie Park: Hey, Trish, we have time for one more question and then David will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. And our final question then will be from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
KC McClure: Hi, Harshita.
David Rowland: Good morning.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, can you hear me?
David Rowland: Yes. Hello, good morning.
Harshita Rawat: Good morning. So I wanted to ask about artificial intelligence and automation, both of which have been meaningful investment areas for you, both from an internal efficiency and also from a client perspective. So can you perhaps talk about where are we in the journey of AI potentially breaking the linearity between headcount and revenue in your business? And on the other side, from a client IT demand perspective, is this now a meaningful investment area? And if so, in what verticals?
David Rowland: Yes. So first of all, I think, when you look at the adoption of artificial intelligence and automation, consistent with what I said earlier, I think, any company that, I think, you could talk to would tell you that they are early in that cycle. And so I think from a market standpoint, in terms of the work that we do for our clients in that area, I would say, artificial intelligence, especially is still early cycle. When you talk about automation, I would say that, that is – the adoption rate of that is higher, although still I would say relatively early cycle. When you look at then the connection to the relationship between headcount and revenue with Accenture, I’m not going to predict the timing with which we would see a direct impact of that. We clearly is we do multi-year financial planning and we think about the evolution of our business and our own economic model. We see some potential for a different dynamic there. But the pace and timing, I just wouldn’t want to predict. Okay.
Harshita Rawat: Great. Thank you.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you. Okay thanks, again, to everyone for joining us on today’s call. And as you can tell at the point of fiscal 2019, we’re very pleased with our financial results and the momentum in our business. With our highly differentiated growth strategy and disciplined management of the business, we’re very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, as always, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Angie and her team. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Today’s conference will be available for replay later on and instructions will follow. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-12-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley & Co. David Togut - Evercore ISI Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co., Inc. Lisa Ellis - MoffettNathanson
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Greg, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We’re very pleased with our first quarter results, continuing our strong momentum from fiscal year 2018. We again delivered revenue growth significantly ahead of the market, solid new bookings, and expanded operating margin, while investing significantly in the business. We continue to see excellent demand for our services, especially in digital, cloud, and security, as well as new technologies, confirming the relevance of our growth strategy and the differentiated solutions we bring to our clients. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We delivered new bookings of $10.2 billion. We grew revenues 9.5% in local currency to $10.6 billion, which continued broad-based positive growth including double-digit growth in many parts of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.96, a 9% increase. Operating margin was 15.4%, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated strong free cash flow of $950 million, and we returned more than $1.7 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, so we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2019. I feel very good about the momentum in our business and I’m confident in our ability to deliver our updated business outlook for the year. Now let me hand over to David, who’ll review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you?
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you and thanks for taking the time to join us on today’s call. Building further on Pierre’s comments, let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results in the first quarter, which came in as expected and position us extremely well to achieve our full-year objectives. Before getting into the results for the quarter, I want to remind you that both our quarter one results and the FY 2018 comparisons reflect the adoption of the new revenue and pension accounting standards, which impact our revenues and operating margin percentage in an immaterial way. In addition, as we previously discussed, we adopted the accounting standard for income taxes on intercompany transfers, and the impact is reflected in both our results and our business outlook. With that said, let me begin, as I normally do by summarizing a few of the important highlights for the quarter. Strong revenue growth of 9.5% in local currency continues to reflect broad-based momentum in our business and once again, demonstrates the durability of our growth model with double-digit growth in three of our five operating groups and in both North America and the Growth Markets. We estimate that our growth continued to significantly outpace the market, underpinned by strong organic growth of over 8% in local currency. Our operating margin of 15.4%, expanded 20 basis points compared with last year and reflects strong underlying profitability, which continues to allow us to invest at scale in our people and our business. And we delivered very strong EPS of $1.96, up 9% compared to last year, even with an FX headwind of approximately 2%. Regarding cash flow, we generated significant free cash flow of $950 million, while at the same time returning roughly $1.7 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We’re also pleased that we invested a little over $200 million in the quarter -- $200 million in the quarter to acquire nine companies to bolster our skills and capabilities in strategic high-growth areas of our business. And we continue to expect to invest up to $1.5 billion in acquisitions during fiscal 2019. With that said, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. Our new bookings were $10.2 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $5.9 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0, and our outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion, with a book-to-bill of 0.9. This level of new bookings was in the range we expected and follows our typical pattern of lower new bookings in the first quarter, which then build throughout the year. Looking forward, we feel good about our pipeline and are encouraged by our new bookings potential in the second quarter. Turning now to revenues. Revenues for the quarter were $10.6 billion, a 7% increase in USD and 9.5% in local currency and at the top-end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $6 billion, up 8% in USD and 10% in local currency, and outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 7% in USD and 9% in local currency. Before I comment on the underlying growth drivers, I want to mention that we’ve made some minor changes to our business dimensions, which we do from time to time as our business evolves. For fiscal 2019, we have renamed application services to technology services and expanded the definition to include infrastructure outsourcing, which was previously included under Accenture operations. These changes were made to reflect the synergies between our infrastructure and cloud services business and our application services business and the revised name of technology services simply reflects the broader scope. So now looking across the business dimensions, we were especially pleased with the balanced growth in the first quarter. Both strategy and consulting services combined and technology services grew at very healthy high single-digit rate, and operations continued its trend of double-digit growth. And “the New”, including digital, cloud and security-related services continued very strong double-digit growth as well. I would also like to highlight the continued strong demand for intelligent platform services, which grew double digits and was an important contributor to our growth. As a reminder, these services primarily relate to deploying next-generation technologies in SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and Workday, where we continue to be the number one service provider for all of these important partners. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources led all operating groups with 21% growth in local currency, driven by continued double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media & Technology grew 14%. Continued strong momentum was driven by double-digit growth in Software and Platforms, which was the primary contributor to overall double-digit growth in North America and the Growth Markets. Products delivered its 14th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, with 10% growth in the quarter, driven by broad-based demand across all three industries and all three geographies. H&PS grew 5%, driven by strong growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth in both Europe and the Growth Markets. As expected, we saw modest overall growth in North America, which reflects some continued pressure in our U.S. federal business. Finally, financial services grew 1%, which is the range we expected, reflecting strong growth in insurance and slight contraction in banking and capital markets. Overall, for financial services, we saw double-digit growth in the Growth Markets and modest growth in North America, partially offset by contraction in Europe. We expect growth in the same range in quarter two before seeing improved growth rates in the second half of the year. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.1%, compared with 31% for the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.1%, consistent with the first quarter last year. Our general and administrative expense was 5.6%, compared to 5.7% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.6 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 15.4% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.8%, compared with an effective tax rate of 20.5% for the first quarter last year, and diluted earnings per share were $1.96 compared with EPS of $1.79 in the first quarter last year, and this reflects a 9% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 42 days, compared to 39 days last quarter and 43 days in the first quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $950 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $78 million. Our cash balance at November 30 was $4.4 billion, compared with $5.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.9 million shares for $788 million at an average price of $162.01 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $5.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share for a total of $933 million. This represented a 13% – a $0.13 per share, or $0.10 [ph] increase over the dividend we paid in May. Let me say that again, this represented a $0.13 per share, or 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we’re off to a very good start in fiscal 2019 and working hard to sustain our strong revenue growth, profitability and cash flow for the remainder of the year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong first quarter performance demonstrate that our strategy of building highly differentiated capabilities for the digital world by applying innovation at scale and anticipating the next ways of technology disruption continues to position us as the market leader. We continue to leverage the unique leadership position we have built in “the New” digital, cloud and security services. Our revenues from “the New” again, grew at a very strong double-digit rate in the first quarter and accounted for more than 60% of total revenues. Why “the New” has become the core of our business? We continue to invest and innovate to capture new growth opportunities. You may recall that at this time last year, we launched new digital capabilities in Industry X.O, Applied Intelligence and Accenture Interactive. We are making excellent progress in all of these areas, and today, I want to update you on our strong position in applied intelligence. With Accenture Applied Intelligence, we bring together our capabilities in analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, combined with our deep understanding of industry disruptions, to help clients become data-driven and invent new business models to create superior value.. Today, we have more than 20,000 people focused on applied intelligence, including 6,000 with deep expertise in artificial intelligence and data science. We are as well leveraging our unique position in the ecosystem and working with all the leading providers of artificial intelligence technologies, enabling us to bring cutting-edge solutions to our clients. And we recently launched new partnerships in artificial intelligence with Amazon, Google and Microsoft. Applied intelligence also comes to life through our new innovation architecture and our global network of studios, labs and innovation centers, where we co-innovate with clients to accelerate the development and delivery of leading-edge, industry-specific solutions. And now intellectual property in this area, which now includes approximately 1,500 patents, is an important asset that further differentiates us. In addition, we continue to make significant investments in applied intelligence. In the last two quarters, we acquired Kogentix, a U.S. company in big data and machine learning. And through Accenture Ventures, we made minority investments in Ripjar, a data intelligence company, focused on security, and Quantexa, a data analytics and specializing firm in fraud detection. Of course, Accenture Applied Intelligence benefits significantly from synergies across all our businesses to bring clients and to win value propositions. For Schlumberger, we are combining the industry expertise of Accenture strategy, with the data in artificial intelligence capabilities of Accenture Applied Intelligence to improve the productivity of the people, repair data utilization and asset turnaround. With innovative video analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, we are significantly reducing the time machines spend offline for repairs, driving higher returns on investments. At the same time, with the breadth and scope of capabilities we have built across Accenture and now unique ability to combine them at scale in an industry context, we remain the partner of choice for our clients’ largest and most complex transformation problems. We are working with Sprint on an enterprise-wide digital transformation to co-create new customer experiences and optimize our digital marketing and operations. The changes have driven a substantial increase in customers buying their phone digitally, significantly higher customer satisfaction, and millions of dollars in operational cost savings. Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business. I’m very pleased that in the first quarter, we again delivered strong growth in all three of our geographic regions and gained significant market share. In North America, we delivered 10% revenue growth in local currency, driven primarily by double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 6% in local currency with double-digit growth in Italy and Ireland, as well as mid to high single-digit growth in the United Kingdom, Germany and Spain. And I’m just delighted that we delivered another excellent quarter in Growth Markets, with 17% growth in local currency. Japan again, led the way with very strong double-digit growth, and we had double-digit growth in Brazil, in China and in Singapore as well. Before I turn it back to David, as you know, the capabilities we are building in “the New”, along with our highly skilled and diverse talent and discipline management are absolutely key to our long-term and durable success. And I’m particularly proud of some recent recognition we received for our leadership in these areas. The Wall Street Journal ranked Accenture in the top 10 on their management of 250 list. And the Journal Editors also named Accenture as one of just seven companies to do everything well. They consider us a leader in the way we manage Accenture across the Board. In addition, we were recognized by multiple industry analysts as a leaders in the IoT services, which underpin our industry X.0 business, demonstrating that we also have the pioneering capabilities to continue differentiated – differentiating Accenture in “the New” and driving future growth. With that, I’ll turn it over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you, again.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.1 billion to $10.4 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 4% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2018, and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2019, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in USD will be about negative 3% compared to fiscal 2018. For the full fiscal 2019, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2018 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%, and this compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we now expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $7.01 to $7.25, or 4% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For the full fiscal 2019, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.75 billion to $6.15 billion, and property equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchase, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep the one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants to ask a question. Greg, could you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Pierre Nanterme: Hey, good morning, Tien-tsin.
Tien-tsin Huang: It’s always good to hear from you. Happy holidays. Just the gross margin, I want to start out with if that’s okay. It looks like it’s expanding now a couple of quarters, which is encouraging, and I know you manage the operating margin, but what’s driving the better gross margin here? Can we infer that pricing and contract profitability are in a good place?
David Rowland: So there’s – overall, there’s really three things that drive our operating margin overall and really all three things apply to gross margin as well. So, you just mentioned it -- you start with contract profitability, and we are pleased with the progression of our contract profitability, and we’ve also been very pleased with the progression of our pricing. You know, Tien-tsin that, we have invested substantially in our strategic areas of focus to build what we think is significantly differentiated capability in the marketplace, I’m referring to the components of “the New.”. And as we said before, in those areas where we have significant differentiation and where there’s high demand, then we tend to get some pricing power. And, of course, beyond the contract profitability and pricing, we have been very efficient in how we have managed our overall payroll efficiency, as well as our non-payroll expenses. And so and I know I speak for Pierre. I think, our organization has done a particularly good job in recent quarters. And certainly, this quarter we just closed in driving our profit objectives.
Tien-tsin Huang: That’s great. Then I’ll – for my quick follow-up, I’ll ask – I think I’ve asked this last quarter as well. The financial services piece, you’ve mentioned the same thing, you said last quarter you’re looking for second-half growth improvement. Do you still feel good about that? Has that changed at all? Have you replenished the pipeline?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, no change with what we said in the prior quarter. FS delivered as expected. So we expected a lower Q1 and certainly as well the same in Q2. But we have the pipeline and we have the committed bookings, which are making us comfortable enough that in the second part of the year, Q3 and Q4, as such we’ll get back to their mid-single-digit growth we would expect from them.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you. Thanks for the clean results at year-end.
David Rowland: Thank you, Tien-tsin. Happy holidays.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: Hi. Thank you, and happy holidays as well.
David Rowland: Hi, James.
James Friedman: Dave, in your prepared remarks, you had called out some changes in the definitions of business dimensions to operations and technology services. I just wanted to check that in the factsheet the presentation of the growth is adjusted towards a double-digit growth in operations, high single-digit growth in technology services. Is that contemplated in those changes?
David Rowland: Yes, it is. It is reflected in those numbers.
James Friedman: Okay. And then I guess, I’ll go to the operating group for my follow-up. So resources, great to see the continued performance here for a couple of quarters, again. I’m just getting questions from clients about the potential cyclicality of that OG, or is this more secular. What’s going on that is growing so quickly?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. On resources, I mean, the good news is, if you look at, I mean, the three industries making resources, they are all growing double-digit in Q1, and we’re pleased with that. Coal mining, chemical, oil and gas, utilities, so it’s broad-based. So we are not dependent on one industry in resources to another, and we love that. Probably, if there’s a world, David and I would love the most is broad-based, and because it’s making our model more durable. If you look at this, what’s hot as we speak. Again, all what we’re calling the intelligent platform services around the SAP or the other platforms, so in resources, you have what we anticipated as well and discussed with you a few quarters ago the next wave of ERP implementation to take the benefits of these new platforms. As well, digital is starting to kick more and more in these B2B business, if you will, or B2B2C business, because in utilities and oil and gas, of course, they have a B2C business where you need to provide the digital experience. So they are becoming more digital. They are becoming more intelligent platform services-driven, and we’re starting to expand more of our industry X.0 services. I’m talking about things such as asset virtualization and digital twins, as well add “the New” 3D platforms in order to reinvent all the supply chain and the production of these large companies. So I feel, again, absent the oil price massive drop, so if we are staying in the zone, we might be more in a kind of what you’re calling secular or maybe a structural part of the reinvention of these industries.
James Friedman: That was a lot. Okay, thank you very much. Happy holidays.
Pierre Nanterme: Happy holidays.
David Rowland: Same to you again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hello, Rod.
Rod Bourgeois: Hi there. Hey, thanks for the call here. Hey, I wanted to talk about the change of the calendar and the New Year budget and all the macro uncertainties that are swarming around. Do you feel you have good visibility into your clients’ discretionary spending plans as we move into the New Year budget? And I guess more specifically, as you look at those client budgets, are you seeing clients’ priorities shifting in any significant way to respond to the heightened macro concerns that are out there?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, frankly, from a macro standpoint, we talked a lot. I think the last – during the last call. I already signaled all these volatility uncertainty of the environment, this is what it is. Frankly, nothing has really changed. If you look at these macro uncertainties, it’s all about the trade. It’s all about the economic growth, it’s all about [indiscernible] that’s still there. So frankly, the clients we’re working with which are all leaders in their industries and all, I would call them, the best brand and sometimes the global giants I’m referring to our 180-plus diamond clients. They are figuring out this environment. There is nothing really new for them or for us in what’s happening. Their budget has been set and the pattern on the budget is pretty clear is, all the traditional legacy commoditizing services going to be be under big pressure. And the budgets are being reallocated to "the New" – or to what we’re calling “the New” at large. Everything is digital. The cloud prospects are very good. Security services, I would add – what we’re calling intelligent platforms. So all these ways of new platform with deep analytics, artificial intelligence, and and this is what is. So what – I would say, this is probably what we have read the budget. We continue to grow maybe to a lesser extent than last year, but we will continue to grow. But the reallocation between commoditizing digital services and digital might be even more dramatic. You need to be in the right side of defense, yes, with 60% of our revenues in “the New”. We believe we are in the right side of defense, that’s why we’re growing 9.5%.
Rod Bourgeois: Great. And as a follow-on to that. I mean, as you look at the new calendar year, will there be any meaningful changes in your mix? In other words, could outsourcing accelerate relative to consulting or vice versa, or any of the subsegments that might make a meaningful change in mix, as you look at the pipe for next year?
David Rowland: No. there – I mean, there’s nothing about 2019 specifically that would influence the mix trend that you’ve seen now for several quarters. So I think that trajectory of an increasingly higher percentage of our revenue being in “the New” as well as the trajectory of stronger growth with our consulting type of work that – I think that continues.
Rod Bourgeois: Got it. Thanks, guys.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Essex from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking the question.
David Rowland: Hey, good morning, Brian.
Brian Essex: Hey, good morning. Happy holidays. I was wondering if I could dig into healthcare a little bit. I think that was a little softer this quarter than last, maybe what’s happening behind the scenes there, and how you see that unfolding throughout the rest of the year?
David Rowland: Yes. Actually, we are – you mentioned healthcare specifically and I assume that’s what you meant as opposed to H&PS. If you look at…
Brian Essex: Yes, H&PS in general, yes.
David Rowland: Okay. So if you look at H&PS overall, then really the story is pretty clear and maybe the best point to share is the fact that if you look at our H&PS business absent the impact of the cycle that our U.S. federal business is going through. So if you look at the rest of the public service business and if you look at health, absent the U.S. federal business, H&PS is growing upper single digits, really right at almost touching double-digit growth. And so actually, we’re quite pleased with the performance of our health and public service business. If you look at the health business specifically, we’ve seen continued strong trends in the payer side of the business. And at the same time in the most recent quarter, we’ve seen some green shoots and sign – encouraging signs on the provider part of the business as well. We have double-digit growth in H&PS in both Europe and Growth Markets. And again, really, if you look at North America, it’s really a story of the U.S. fed – federal business going through kind of a natural cycle as contracts wind down and reconnecting with growth. But overall absent that, H&PS is doing quite well.
Brian Essex: That’s super helpful. And maybe for a quick follow-up, Dave. If you could give us a little bit of color on the tax rate, I think, that was a little bit better or benefit than we expected in the quarter. You held your guidance for the year. And I think previously, in previous quarters, you noted potential for upward pressure there. Maybe if we can kind of like fine tune our expectations on the tax rate?
David Rowland: Really nothing. There wasn’t anything unusual in quarter one relative to what we said when we provided annual guidance and, of course, we haven’t changed our annual guidance. And so, quarter one played out as we expected and again, our annual guidance has remained unchanged. So the things that influence our tax rate this year, four of which we’ve talked about continually over the years is geographic mix of income, changes in prior year tax liabilities, final determinations and then tax impacts on equity compensation. And then in addition to those four that we’ve traditionally talked about, we have the U.S. tax reform, which we’ve said previously, statement remains true today that it would have a modest upward pressure. And then we have the adoption of the new tax standard regarding intercompany transfers and again, that is exactly as we stated, it has about a 3% headwind in our tax rate in 2019 and going forward. And then, of course, how that plays out in any particular year is based on all of those factors coming together. And so this year, all of that is reflected in our tax rate.
Brian Essex: Very helpful. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Good morning. Happy holidays.
David Rowland: Same to you, David. Good morning.
David Togut: In our recent surveys the bank CEOs, they’re calling out their 2019 tech spending priorities as being online and mobile banking, security and payments. We know you are very strong in security, but can you talk about what you’re offering the banks in terms of online and mobile banking payments and kind of how that ties into your second-half recovery plan from a revenue growth standpoint?
David Rowland: We are very active in mobile banking. So to be honest, I couldn’t be more pleased with the different activities you’re mentioning, because they resonate pretty well with what we’re doing, security payment and mobile-first, mobile banking. It’s "the New" wave after the big wave we had before on risk and regulatory management, where they have been a lot of investments so far. Mobile – everything being mobile, we have certainly among the best references in the market. Unfortunately, they are not public, as we speak, maybe next time, maybe in the next earning, we’ll try to make some public, and so you will see what we’re doing in it and it is pretty spectacular more or less with most of our clients in banking, we own that in the digitalization of their channels. So they are truly omni-channel from physical to digital with the focus on mobile-first mobile banks. Security, as you know, it’s an area, where we decided to invest two or three years ago with Accenture Security. And Accenture Security is doing strong double-digit, as David would say, which is growing big in my own term. And payment is the bread and butter of the bank. You’re right, Accenture is right to mention that certainly the activity, which is more subject to disruption by the new players, the Fintech and others, and the platforms as well, given all the payments. So, indeed, we are very active to look at what are the strategies for the banks in order to face the new competition of the big platforms, as well as the Fintech. So we are well equipped to provide good response to our clients on this area.
David Togut: Understood. And as my follow-up, I’d like to ask about your industry X.0 solutions, especially what type of demand you’re seeing for industry X.0 as the trade war grows and as global companies are trying to manage complex supply chains?
David Rowland: Strong demand. Again, if you’re looking at what we’re calling “the New”, you have digital, you have cloud and you have security. In digital, you have three main activities. Accenture Interactive doing extremely well in digital marketing, strong double-digit. You have applied intelligence, I decided to focus on, because Artificial Intelligence, as we speak, in the name of the game and I wanted to make sure with all of you about the investments we’re making and the leadership we have established in Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. X.0 we launched exactly a year ago and made that public, growing extremely fast. So I would say that probably strong double-digit will not reflect what we are talking about. It’s extremely fast on the back of the reinvention of the supply chain and manufacturing from R&D to production to post-sales. I mentioned in the heavy equipment, everything we are doing and maybe we’ll have a deep dive on Industry X.0 soon to talk about the digital trends, which as well the new way to the manufacturing in the X.0 world. I’m talking about the virtualization of the assets and I’m talking about the implementation of the new platforms, 3D, analytic-rich, I’m talking about our partners such as Dassault, of course, but as well Siemens and other platforms Dassault Systèmes, Siemens and other platforms we’re working with, including General Electrics in some industries in the U.S. So we are well-equipped in the different markets. These are three examples, but we’re going to come back to you with an update on X.0, maybe in two or three quarters, where things would have been built to a larger scale. But today, I mentioned that we already recognized as the leader in IoT services – Internet of Things services, which are significant part of X.0 by multiple analysts and I’m delighted with that.
David Togut: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Harshita.
Harshita Rawat: Hi. Good morning.
David Rowland: Good morning.
Harshita Rawat: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question is in bookings growth. And I know you called out the first quarter tends to be a seasonally low quarter in terms of bookings. But bookings was – bookings growth was – on a year-over-year basis was also weak. And I know you talked about the macro environment earlier. And it does appear the 2019 enterprise IT demand environment was still being robust, could be weaker versus 2018. So my question is, if the weak bookings growth this quarter primarily reflecting seasonality, or is there any macro impact there, especially on consulting type of engagements, which are often leading indicators in the case of a slowdown?
David Rowland: Yes. I would say that in our case, it’s more seasonality. Again, we have seen this isn’t the case every year, but certainly most years, we tend to see softer bookings in the first quarter. I think also when you look at our first quarter bookings, it’s important to look at them in the context of what we’ve done in the six months or the two quarters previously, where we had I believe our largest and second largest bookings quarters in our history in those two quarters, or to say it differently, over a 6-month period, we had a record level of bookings. And so I think that said, it play as well as you kind of rebuild and reestablish the pipeline. I also made the comment in the script, and so I’ll just say it again that we are pleased with our pipeline. And as we look at the second quarter in particular, we’re very encouraged with our bookings potential, as we look at the second quarter.
Harshita Rawat: Thank you very much.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go head.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Thank you. Happy holidays.
David Rowland: Sure. Same to you.
Bryan Bergin: I wanted to ask on talent competition to start with. You had a nice reduction in attrition. Can you give us some color on what you’re seeing around the wage inflation environment, particularly in the U.S. and then how that’s comparing to other key regions for you?
David Rowland: I don’t – I think the talent market in the – some areas of “the New” where the the supply is tight. It is – it’s a competitive market. Having said that, one of the hallmarks of Accenture is that, we have established ourselves and have been and continue to be a real magnet for talent in the marketplace. And I think that there’s three reasons behind that. The first is that, people in the marketplace know that Accenture is the leader in “the New”. So, we are working in the areas that are the most attractive to the most attractive people in the marketplace. The second thing is that talent is attracted to market leaders and companies that have demonstrated superior performance and certainly, we’ve done that over the years. And then the third thing and this is something that Pierre talked about from time to time and it’s an important part of Accenture is our culture and our values and the environment that people work in, how we treat them and how we value what they do. And those are the three things that really make Accenture distinctive. We have no issue attracting talent and don’t expect that to be an issue going forward.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, thank you. And then my follow-up, around the interactive business and M&A strategy, can you remind us how you see your services comparing to the traditional model? And then are there aspects of that traditional advertising model that you would be interested in building or building up further organically or through acquisition?
Pierre Nanterme: I said before that probably the world we like the most with is broad-based. The world we hate the most is traditional. And no, we have no appetite to build anything traditional, anything legacy, anything that has been doing by the industry for 50 years. All the hypothesis has been challenged again, if you will. It was challenged by the way. We even more say on this is our point is to be part of the disruption of this industry, and we want to be a disrupter. And by being a disrupter, we want to be a digital-native marketing and experienced provider from design to, what we have today, design; production; commerce; campaign, including programmatic; and of course, analytics and artificial intelligence to capture the frequencies and to make the campaign more impactful. We will always look to look at things that’s going to be either more creative or more new, if you will. But the point is, if it’s too traditional, it’s going to commoditized. And if it’s commoditizing, this is not the market we want to be in.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Dave – or Bryan, excuse me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Grossman from Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, David.
David Grossman: Good morning. So just first, I have a question on the business segments outside of “the New”. Can you give us any sense for what the growth trends are in that segment of your because, back of the envelope our math suggest declines. And if that math is right, are you seeing any leading indicators that would suggest that business is plateauing? And also perhaps you could address just kind of what the margin trends are and then kind of non-"the New" as well?
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, it – the math is clear. It is contracting and I think that math is clear. We – we’ve talked about it previously. In terms of the margin trends, as we’ve also mentioned is that, that tends to the – the common characteristic is that that’s the most commoditized part of the marketplace. And as you can imagine, therefore, there is significant competition and pricing pressure. And at the end of the day, what – to some extent, we are disrupting that part of our business intentionally. We’re disrupting it by focusing our efforts on growing in “the New”. And then for those legacy services, if you will, we are again using new technology to even reinvent those and in some cases, to automate the way those things are done as one form of disrupting that part of our business. And so all our focus is on “the New” and the the rest of the business will continue to evolve the way it evolves.
David Grossman: Okay, got it. Thanks for that. And then, just Secondly, it appears that you’ve executed a fairly healthy pace of acquisitions year-to-date. So given that pace and that we’re early in the year, should we reconsider the contribution that you’ll get from inorganic growth this year?
David Rowland: Yes. At this point with only one quarter in the books, it’s really too early to adjust the number. And so there’s a lot that – it’s hard to predict the timing of acquisition flows for the remaining three quarters. So right now, we still see about 0.5, which is what I said on last quarter’s call. Obviously, we’ll provide an update at the end of the second quarter. But right now, think in terms of about 0.5. In the first quarter, it was just below that. So I mentioned that our organic growth, which is very important to us was just over 8%, and then the balance of that by definition below 0.5 was in organic.
David Grossman: Okay, got it. Thanks very much and have a great holiday.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hello, Bryan.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys, good morning. I just want to ask, if we do fall into an economic slowdown, can you talk a little bit about the resilience of the business model and what you guys would expect and what you’ve seen in the past from changes in economic conditions?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And I’m very pleased to comment on that, because during the Investor and Analyst Day or many earnings call, you probably heard me and David using a lot durability, sustainability of our business model, being able to resist over a cycle of downturn. So again, I mean, when it’s raining hard, either you watch the rain or you build an umbrella. At Accenture, we decided to build an umbrella. And once the umbrella is made up, if you will, probably seven key elements, which I truly believe, are making Accenture more resilient and more durable across different cycles. I’ve been very rapidly – I’d say the number one is the quality of our client portfolio. We have this diamond-client approach. More than 182, I think, 182 to be even more specific, but 180-plus anyway, and it’s all the best brand, companies operating at scale with a global footprint and they know how to deal with the economic conditions. So first, working with the right client. Second, and probably – and maybe even the most important is all what we discussed during that call to be in the right services. For us, it’s "the New" versus traditional IT. Today, it’s very clear that the clients are allocating more budget to "the New" and the traditional IT will suffer even more. With more than 60% of our revenue in "the New" growing strong double-digit, we are building the new services, which are on-demand. Three is the balance growth. I mean, you see two of our three region in double-digit. Absent FX, Europe would have been at 10% double-digit growth. We have eight of our 13 industries strong high-single to double-digit growth. So we have these balanced growths, which I think is making us resilient. Next is the diversifying portfolio of businesses: strategy, consulting, digital, technology, operations and then you can move even in digital, interactive, X.0, Applied Intelligence, Accenture Security. We have certainly, one of the portfolio in professional services, which is on one hand the more diversified, but which as well is creating more synergies than any other portfolio. Finally, the discipline management of the cost, I think we demonstrated last year between H1 and H2 in 2018, the ability of Accenture in less than a quarter to fix out challenge in term of cost with discipline and then to make that resilient as you could see with our profitability in Q1. And finally, and for me it’s absolutely critical, doing all of this while keeping our investment capacity intact in order to be able to invest what we do more than our competitors who might be impacted in the downturn in new growth – and to seize new growth opportunities when maybe competition will have to stop their investments. So these seven elements are clearly, for me, the backbone of our durability and of our resilience, and we’re working hard on these seven attributes, if you will.
Bryan Keane: That’s super helpful. Thanks. And as a follow-up, just on financial services, there’s a lot of folks seeing weakness in capital markets and in Europe. Can you just talk about maybe what you guys are seeing exactly there, maybe how it might be different than the market, because you guys are expecting a rebound in 3Q and a lot of other IT folks can be a little bit more hesitant on calling a rebound in that business? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean good question, because indeed, as David said, banking and capital market being slightly negative. So it’s not the right place to be. Now the proof of all of this is, do we have the pipeline and do we have the committed bookings? So the hard facts making us more comfortable about that rebound. Reality is, and especially in Europe, that we have the pipeline and we have the committed bookings as we speak and we will continue to build that making us comfortable enough to predict a rebound in the second part of the year. So it’s really based on the facts we see in our pipeline and in our booking, especially in the areas which has been mentioned before, the new platforms, the mobile-first online banking, the transformation. It’s still a lot on risk and compliance and regulatory management and fraud management. So yes, we look at this extremely carefully as you might imagine, and we have the element in the pipeline in the bookings, which are making us comfortable enough.
Bryan Keane: Great. Happy holidays, guys.
David Rowland: Same to you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: Yes. Hey, guys, thank you. And I guess my first question just the Growth Markets have been incredibly strong and pretty stable right around kind of 14% to 17% now for maybe six quarters. Historically, there was similar volatility there. Sometimes it would slowdown, sometimes I’d be really strong. Do you think those will be volatile in the future still, or is there something about it now that can kind of maintain the mid-teens-ish growth for a long time?
David Rowland: Growth Markets, I – I’m certainly not going to suggest that we’re going to comment on mid-teens growth over the long-term. But again, many of the things that Pierre has been talking about in terms of being diversified and broad-based, we see that in our Growth Markets model as well. When you talk about Growth Markets at Accenture, while we have a lot of great stories, for us, it really starts with Japan. And when you look at the business that we have built in Japan, which in the context of the Japanese market, is a reflection of the Accenture strategy in the sense that it’s diversified across several industries and it represents the full scope of the services that we provide from consulting to operations. That creates some resiliency for all the reasons that Pierre mentioned in the Japanese context. And so that will give us some resiliency and durability over time. Japan is not the other – the only store some have other important markets, if you think about our business in Australia. You go to Latin America, even in the context of challenging macro conditions in Latin America, we actually have had very strong growth in Latin America again, for all the reasons that Pierre has mentioned in terms of our go-to-market strategy and what we’re doing to be relevant to our clients, leverage our investments and have durability in our model. So I’m not going to get a guide to a double-digit percentage, but we feel very good about our Growth Markets business. Pierre?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and you give me the – I mean, the opportunity. If you look at Japan, we moved directly to the positioning in "the New" to become the number one in digital-related services in Japan, not number one in the market overall, but number one in this specific segment. Because as well, in Japan, we did not have any traditional IT services creating a kind of drive. So we jumped rapidly to the target positioning. And imagine that right David, we have 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in Japan, 20, it’s just fabulous. And in Brazil, how you’re growing double-digit in Brazil with terrible economic condition? Because in Brazil, we are the number one. We are the market leader. And when times are tough, you’ll remember the fly to quality. I would use the same comparison with fly to leadership. When times are tough, clients are going to the leader with all the characteristics we have and the values. But maybe in closing, because I know we’re starting to be a bit late, we still have one question. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize a fabulous leader of Accenture, Gianfranco Casati. Leadership means a lot. Gianfranco Casati is leading the Growth Markets and yet providing more than an exceptional leadership in growing this market. So hats off for Gianfranco Casati. And we have, again, what’s done in Japan, what has been done this last four years with – again, what’s done is absolutely second to none. So when you have great leaders and the best in the industries, you have good results.
Angie Park: Okay. Greg, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay, that question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning.
David Rowland: Good morning, Lisa. We’re going to let you bring in some.
Lisa Ellis: All right. I had a question actually about the work Accenture is doing in cloud, which tends to get less focus, I guess, than digital. Can you just characterize a bit, like what the mix or focus of Accenture’s cloud work is across public, private, hybrid, et cetera? And then also, as cloud begins to sort of enter, I guess, phase 2, how much run activity are you seeing in cloud?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, very good question and indeed. There are so many deep dives we could do with you guys. And we need more time, Angie, next time. If I look at the cloud, which frankly, is growing again, double-digit at Accenture. We did not talk about cloud, because it seems to be already old stories in "the New”, but you’re absolutely right, Lisa, it’s super spot on now. Our activities are around one, what we’re calling journey to the cloud, supporting our clients moving from on-premise to the cloud and with the cloud in the mix of the hybrid, public, private and we’re working with all our partners. I would say, especially, certainly, Amazon and Azure on this journey to the cloud and others, but it’s activity number one. Activity number two, because you have synergies, is all it related to SaaS solution. We are number one with the SaaS providers, especially with salesforce.com. Again, more than strong double-digit with salesforce.com this quarter. And all this Software-as-a-Service cloud-matching solution are getting more and more traction, salesforce.com, Workday and few others as well. And three is the cloud infrastructure, and that’s why we decided to move our infrastructure from operations to technology, because we see unique synergies between the three elements of Software-as-a-Service, cloud-based, we could run with our infrastructure services. And that’s why we have now all of this in a single place and organization around Accenture technology to drive more synergies. So you’re absolutely right, but our growth in cloud is very big, right David?
David Rowland: Yes, absolutely.
Pierre Nanterme: This quarter. And we have very strong foot prospect in the cloud moving forward.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you. And then just a super quick follow-up, because I think important as we’re going into 2019 and everyone is getting a bit concerned about discretionary ITspending in the macro environment. On the digital side of your business, which is now approaching 50%, directionally, how much of the funding for digital comes from outside the IT budget? Is it like half or more than half or a quarter just directionally?
Pierre Nanterme: Hard to say. Roughly, it’s – I don’t know, David, if you would have a point of view on this. I think it’s quite hard to provide probably a direction on this.
David Rowland: Yes. We – let us maybe come back to that and the right public forum, but we’ll come back and try to give some insight on that, maybe our next next call.
Lisa Ellis: Wonderful. Thanks, guys. Happy holidays.
Pierre Nanterme: We have a bit more analytics to make sure we’re providing not so right answers. So we’re going to use some machine learning and applied intelligence, Lisa, to provide the right answer.
Lisa Ellis: Okay, great. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Happy holidays, guys, and thanks for running a little long. I know it’s late in here. So thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, thanks again for joining us on today’s call, and thanks again for all your good question, because this is the opportunity for David and I indeed to provide more insights around our strategy, and it’s so important for you, for us and for all clients. I mean, with the first quarter behind us, I feel very good about where we are as we build on, first, the strong momentum in our business. We enhanced our leadership in "the New" and we continue driving growth ahead of the market. So we’re pleased with all of this, we have the momentum and, I guess, we’re up for a strong start and a good year at Accenture. Of course, I want to wish all our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the mean time, of course, if you have any questions, feel free to call Angie and her team. All the best, and enjoy the holiday season and a happy New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-09-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman & CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Edward Caso - Wells Fargo` Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Bryan Bergin - Cowen Harshita Rawat - Bernstein
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Greg, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call you will hear from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market position before David provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2019. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our outstanding financial results for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. For the year, we continued to strengthen our leadership position in "the New", Digital, Cloud and Security Services. We gained significant market share growing about three times to market with strong growth in nearly all of our largest markets once again. And we returned very substantial cash to our shareholders. Here are the few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $42.8 billion. We’re generating revenues of $39.6 billion, another record and of 10.5% in local currency. I am especially pleased with our balanced growth once again across the dimensions of our business. We delivered record earnings per share of $6.74 on an adjusted basis, a 14% increase. Operating margin was 14.8%, consistent with last year on an adjusted basis. We’re generating outstanding free cash flow of $5.4 billion. We returned $4.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So, we delivered an excellent year in fiscal 2018 and I feel very good about our business, the durability of our performance and the strong momentum we have as we enter the new fiscal year. Now, let me hand over to David, who’ll review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks all of you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. By any measure our fourth quarter results capped off what has been another truly outstanding year for Accenture. These results were underpinned by our ability to manage our business with rigor and discipline while leveraging the full power of Accenture’s unique leadership position in the marketplace to drive significant value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. Before I get into the details of the quarter let me summarize a few of the important highlights which once again reflects strong execution across all three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. Revenue momentum continued with very strong net revenue growth of 11% in local currency reflecting our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Our growth continued to significantly outpace the market reflecting both our leadership position in "the New" and the durability of our diverse yet highly focused growth model. Our operating margin of 14.3% came in as expected and was up 10 basis points from last year. We were very pleased with our strong underlying profitability, which allowed us to invest significantly in our business and our people, and we delivered EPS of $1.58 in the fourth quarter up 7% from last year. And finally, we delivered free cash flow of $1.9 billion which was better than expected driven by strong growth and profitability and continued industry leading DSOs. With those high level comments, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.8 billion for the quarter reflecting our second highest bookings on record.   Consulting bookings were $6.1 billion, representing an all-time high and a book-to-bill of 1.1, and outsourcing bookings were $4.7 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0. The dominant theme continued to be strong demand for "the New" which represented more than 60% of our total bookings. For the full fiscal year, we delivered nearly $43 billion in new bookings which represents 12% growth in local currency and we were particularly pleased with double-digit bookings growth and strategy and consulting and system integration. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $10.1 billion, an 11% increase in both USD and local currency. This was a $100 million above the top-end of our guided range. Our consulting revenues for the quarter were $5.5 billion, up 12% in both USD and local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 9% in both USD and local currency. Looking at the trends an estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, we were especially pleased with the strong balance in our growth with double-digit growth across all dimensions Strategy and Consulting Services, Operations and Application Services. And "the New" including Digital Cloud and Security related services continued to deliver very strong double-digit growth. Consistent with last quarter, I’d also like to highlight continued strong demand for Intelligent Platform Services, which was an important contributor to our growth. These services primarily relate to deploy next-generation technologies and SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and Workday. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, resources led all operating groups with [15%] in local currency, reflecting double-digit growth across all three industries and all three geographies. Communications, Media and Technology grew 15%, driven by continued strong momentum in Software Platforms which posted very strong double-digit growth, especially in North America. Products delivered its 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with 12% growth in the quarter. We saw strong broad-based growth across all three industries in all three geographies. H&PS grew 6%, driven by strong growth in public service, as well as double-digit growth in both Europe and the growth markets. We saw flat growth in North America primarily reflecting some pressure in our U.S. federal business. Finally financial services grew 3% reflecting good growth in insurance and modest growth in banking and capital markets. We saw double-digit growth in the growth markets and solid growth in North America offset by some challenges in Europe. We expect a similar level of growth in the first quarter. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.8%, compared to 31.5% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.7%, compared with 11% in the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.7%, compared to 6.4% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.3% operating margin, up 10 basis points, compared with quarter four last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28%, compared with an effective tax rate of 23.9% for the fourth quarter last year. The higher tax rate in the fourth quarter was primarily related to an increase in prior year tax liabilities. Diluted earnings per share were $1.58, compared with EPS of $1.48 in the fourth quarter last year. This reflects a 7% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 39 days, consistent with last quarter and the fourth quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.9 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $179 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $5.1 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31 last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 3.4 million shares for $552 million at an average price of $163.24 per share. This week our Board of Directors approved $5 billion of additional share repurchase authority bringing the total to $6 billion. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.46 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15, and represents a $0.13 per share or 10% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, I want to reflect on where we landed for the full year across the key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. As a reminder we had two unusual items impacting metrics for this year. Last year we recorded a settlement charge related to the termination of our U.S. pension plan and this year we recorded charges related to tax law changes. The following comparisons exclude these impacts were applicable and reflect adjusted results. For the full year net revenues grew 10.5% in local currency well above the top end of the guided range that we provided at the beginning of the year with strong growth across all areas of our business with many posting double-digit growth. Roughly 80% of our overall growth was attributed to strong organic growth of 8%, and "the New" represented approximately 60% of revenues for the year reflecting our strategic focus to be a market leader in digital cloud and security-related services. On an adjusted basis, operating margin of 14.8% was consistent with FY 2017 and in line with our updated guidance while slightly below our original guided range. As I mentioned earlier, we're pleased with the continued underlying margin improvement that allows us - that has allowed us to continue to invest for long-term market leadership. On an adjusted basis diluted earnings per share was $6.74 per share reflecting 14% growth over FY 2017 and was above the original guided range primarily driven by strong topline growth. Our free cash flow of $5.4 billion was well above our original guided range again reflecting strong operating discipline and industry-leading DSOs. And finally, we delivered on the objective of our capital allocation model by returning $4.3 billion of cash to shareholders while investing roughly $660 million to acquire critical skills and capabilities and strategic high-growth areas of the market. So again, we had another outstanding year of broad-based growth resulting in significant market share gains underpinned by strong profitability and cash flow. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our outstanding results for fiscal year 2018 demonstrate that we continue to execute our profitable growth strategy of differentiation and competitiveness extremely well. Our very strong revenue was our new bookings reflect excellent demand for our services. We are clearly leading in "the New" in the marketplace and we have gained significant market share over the last few years, demonstrating that our services and capabilities are highly relevant to our client's agenda. Over the last five fiscal years we have delivered compound annual revenue growth of 9% in local currency and 10% compound growth in adjusting earnings per share. And I'm especially pleased that over the same period we have delivered a compound annual total return to shareholders of 21%, significantly above the 15% annual total return for the SAP-500. Our strong and durable performance reflects the relevant investments we have made ahead of the curve to differentiate our offerings and enhance our competitiveness, as well as the rigor and discipline we bring to managing the business. Our rapid rotation to "the New" digital, cloud and security-related services has contributed significantly to our performance. In fiscal year 2018 "the New", accounted for that $23 billion or approximately 60% of total revenues more than the double the revenues just three years ago. In digital, I'm especially pleased with the success we have had in growing Accenture Interactive. Today we are the market leader operating at scale for many of the world's leading brands. We're working with Radisson Hotel Group at their global experience agency to improve customer acquisition and retention for more than 1000 in 80 countries. Accenture Interactive leveraging our travel industry expertise, data analytics and digital marketing capabilities to create more personalized customer experiences. Why is "the New" has truly become core to our business. As you would expect we continue to invest and innovate to capture new ways of growth. And indeed we are making excellent progress with Accenture industry X.O which we launched recently, where we are helping clients to range that manufacturing with advanced technologies like the Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. With ABB, the switch industrial manufacturer, we developed an IoT Solution to connect data from smart sensors embedded in its electric models to customers. With a new mobile app portal and sensor platform, ABB can now apply more advanced analytic that's deepen its knowledge about multiple performance, competitive assets and customer needs. We continue to invest in our industry X.0 capabilities and complete its three acquisitions in the first quarter; Pillar Technology, a software firm in Columbus, Ohio, Mindtribe, a hardware engineering company in San Francisco and Designaffairs, a design firm in Germany. At the same time, we continue to leverage our unique role in the technology ecosystem as re-leading partner of key platform players including SAP, Microsoft, Oracle and Salesforce which are also rotating rapidly to "the New". That evolves to a new generation of cloud-enabled platforms with advanced analytic, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. We are working with a broad range of clients across industries around the world to transform their businesses using SAP S/4 HANA Solution from Lion, Australia's largest brewer, to Chelsea, the Latin American utility, to Barilla, the Italian food company. Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business, I feel very pleased that we deliver another year of very strong broad-based growth in most of our largest market. Starting with North America, I'm delighted with the acceleration in our business with revenue growth of 9% in local currency for the year driven primarily by the United States. In Europe we continue to drive high single-digit growth. We delivered 9% growth in local currency for the year led by double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Island as well as high single digit growth in Spain. And finally our gross markets are becoming an increasingly significant contributor to our performance with 16% growth in local currency led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our talent strategy to continue leading in "the New", which clearly sets us apart in the marketplace. Our people intimacy makes the difference in delivering high quality services to our clients. And as we transform Accenture, we are making substantial investments to ensure that we have the most relevant and specialized skill and scale to meet our client's needs. And we are particularly focus on attracting and developing the best possible team of leaders in our industry. And I'm extremely pleased that in fiscal year 2018 we promoted about 700 new managing directors and hired nearly 300 from outside Accenture adding very significant industry expertise and specialization. At Accenture we continue to believe that diversity is a critical source of competitive advantage. I'm especially proud that just these months, we were named the top company, number on the Thomson Reuters Diversity and Inclusion Index which recognizing the 100 most diverse and inclusive companies in the world. And finally, I want to thank our 459,000 people for their unique passion and energy which makes all the difference for Accenture and more importantly for our client. With that, I will turn it over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2019. Over to you, David.
David Rowland : Thank you, Pierre. Before I get into our business outlook I want to highlight a few changes for FY 2019 and beyond. For our Fiscal 2019 we adopted "the New" revenue intention accounting standards and have posted reconciliation on our IR website. In summary the adoption does not have a material impact on our financial reporting. However, you'll notice that revenues will now include reimbursements and as a result going forward we will report a single revenue number which will include reimbursements. Also as a result to these changes there will be a corresponding impact to operating margin which restated for FY 2018 would be 14.4% compared to the reported operating margin of 14.8%. Our FY 2019 guidance in comparisons to FY 2018 reflect the adoption of "the New" revenue standard including the change in the presentation of revenues and the resulting impacts on operating margin, as well as the updated standards for pension accounting and income taxes on intercompany transfers. I'd also like to highlight a change we will be making in the payment of our dividends. Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we will move from a semi-annual dividend payment schedule to a quarterly dividend payment schedule. This change will take effect in FY 2020 and in FY 2019, we will continue to pay dividends on a semi-annual basis. Now let me turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be in the range of $10.35 billion to $10.65 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about negative 2% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and reflects an estimated 7% to 10% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2019, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in USD will be about negative 2.5% compared to fiscal 2018. For the full fiscal 2019, we expect our revenue to be in the range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2018. For operating margin, we expect fiscal 2019 to be 14.5% to 14.7%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25% and this compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal 2018. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $6.98 to $7.25 or 4% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal 2018 results. For cash flow for the full fiscal 2019, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.75 billion to $6.15 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $650 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion. Our free cash flow guidance reflects a very strong free cash flow range to net income ratio of 1.1 to 1.2. And finally we expect to return at least $4.5 billion through dividends and share repurchases as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those on the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: I wonder if you could start off by talking about what the margin drivers will look like and how we should think about the base margin exiting this year and how margins will expand next year?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean the margin drivers are really consistent with what I've talked about previously and you could really look at it in two ways, I mean first of all our profitability fundamentally starts with strong contract profitability and that gets into the way we price our services, and gets into the discipline with which we deliver those services to the expected economics and so contract profitability is always high on our profit agenda. And of course it can be impacted by a number of things including the mix of work in a particular quarter or year across the business dimensions, it can also be influenced by the mix of work across geographies. But we're very focused on profitability and of course our strategy which is focused on leading and delivering high value services to our clients to be outcome driven in the work that we perform for our clients and of course our focus on leading in "the New", all of that supports our objective of expanding our contract profitability over time. The other two things if you look at it through another lens would be that our profit drivers are also focused on efficiently managing the evolution of our payroll structure in relation to the evolution of our revenue and of course we have an ongoing focus on that. And then finally we're always focused on continuing to improve our SG&A structure in the efficiency of the cost of doing business and all of those things come into our margin expansion objectives for next year.
Joseph Foresi: And then as my follow-up just staying with margins. On the M&A front, what's your expectations for contribution to the top line and how do you balance that with your desire to obviously expand margins? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so we expect our inorganic contribution next year to be about 1.5%, that's about a point lower than our experience in FY 2018 but it’s important to reinforce that we are firmly committed to our inorganic strategy again using inorganic as an engine of organic growth. This year we would expect to spend up to $1.5 billion consistent with our capital allocation strategy as always given the right opportunities and the right circumstances, we could certainly spend more than that. And from a profitability standpoint, all of that is in the mix of how we manage our margin expansion over time, you've heard us say many times that underneath the margin that we report externally, we have underlined margin improvement which I referenced from time to time and our focus as an organization is to get sufficient improvement in our underlying margin so that we can absorb all of our investments which includes our ambition around acquisitions as part of our growth strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: Can you talk a little bit on the people side, your attrition rate was 18% versus 15% a year ago seems a lot of your peers are showing rising rates. Can you sort of dig down a little bit on why and maybe what efforts you're trying to maybe slow that down or you’re getting more comfortable at this higher level?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, on attrition, so let me directly answer your question. We are constant with the 17 not at all. Let’s be clear, I think we are today, we believe it’s reality level of attrition given the level of competition for talents in the marketplace. We have today zero issues to hire the talent that we need and it’s true everywhere across the world and so we are - and from way we do to be attractive, I mean first our strategy, I mean the rotation to "the New", the fact that we are leading in all these new ways of interactive manufacturing Internet, artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cloud, blockchain and I can mention and it is creating a very attractive place to be. Second is our performance. We are the leader in the industry and of course it's attractive for talent. I was just reading this morning, its fresh from France, I’m in Paris], we are the number one in all the dimensions as in professional services from an industry standpoint, from a technology standpoint and across the board. So we have zero issue being attractive and finally it’s our balance strategy and the environment we providing to our people. I think we worked a lot to create the right workplace where people are collaborating. We are creating a right environment to add multiple cultures coming together and developing a lot of creative thinking. And it’s our tone and style we are developing at Accenture and its probably to benefit of being the leader.
Edward Caso: My other question it relates to margins, around how much benefit are you getting from platform that you built from reuse it seems like the - a lot of "the New" starting to settle in here and it seems like there is an opportunity for an industry leader to sort of reprint what you’ve already done?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes on this jumping on this one David, I mean for us platforms are extremely important to the success of our country. I think this is very clear what we’re calling now the intelligent platforms because the platform provided by our partners SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Workday and Salesforce but that could add that so system and others are becoming more and more intelligent and our strategy has always been the same. We leveraged the best platform in the marketplace and this and is important on top of them we build industry specifications. So for instance when we’re working with an SAP we have developed a very specific add on that platform in upstream oil and gas. The same in utility we’re working with the Salesforce.com on joint company called Velocity and the objective of Velocity is add speed develop industry specific solutions on top of the Salesforce capabilities. So this is our strategy and it’s working so far very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Congrats on double-digit growth. I’ll ask on the revenue momentum, I am curious it sort of bigger brand on the outlook just if we look back a year ago, you exited the year growing 8% I believe and you guided to 5% to 8% revenue growth. So this year your guidance is same 5% to 8% but you using at 11%. So I am curious how might the upside case be different this year versus last year any considerations across macro demand competition, digital being little bit more mature et cetera?
David Rowland: I would say I mean first of all there is no doubt that we have strong momentum in the business and there is also no doubt that we feel very good about our business and the momentum that we have. And you could point to as you mentioned the fact that we exited 2018 with very strong broad based organic growth by the way our organic growth in quarter four was 10%. We had record bookings in the second half of the year. We had our all-time high in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter it was second only to quarter three. And we got good line of sight to 1.5% in organic and so there is a lot of things for us to feel positive about and we do to be clear. At the same time, you also have to reflect on the fact as we do that this is the point in time where we are providing guidance over the longer cycle. And so that comes in to the mix by the very nature of the fact that we’re guiding over essentially 12 months. And also we take stock of what’s happening in the macro environment as well and may be its debatable but I would say from our standpoint and perhaps this year the macro environment is incrementally more volatile than it was last year at the same point in time. You think about the potential for a hard Brexit. And of course you can reflect on all of the disputes around global trade and so we think about the global environment over that 12 month horizon. And it’s really in that context that we guide to 5% to 8% and the other thing Tien-tsin I would remind you and the others of is that we guide to 5% to 8% in a market our investable basket market that is growing in the range of 2% to 3%. And so anywhere on that guidance range of 5% to 8% we would be taking significant share and if you think about the upper end of the range which is where we always strive for then at 8% we would be growing more than 2.5 times the market. And so 5% to 8% which is consistent with what we’ve done the last three years is in fact reflective of what we would consider be outstanding growth especially in the upper end of that range reflective of the Accenture as a leader. Anything we do above that is exceptional growth and it is true that we had a pattern over the last four years for delivering double-digit growth and we’ll see how 2019 plays out and we’ll update our guidance appropriately as the year progresses.
Tien-tsin Huang: Agreed, now it seems very prudent. I’ll ask my quick follow up just on the financial services segment I know you mentioned a little bit David just it lag a little bit was the impact broad based or isolated to a region or few clients it sound like North America it sound like it was okay just wanted to get a little bit detail there? Thanks so much.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure so very pleased to comment on financial services. If I had to summarize the situation it’s mainly Europe where we are facing this challenging of lower growth. And it’s mainly due to some large program we had in Europe winding down in the context of 2018. So something which is not un-typical by the way that happened in other industries this last few years. I remember CMT in Europe just two years ago we had the same phenomenon of some large program getting to a close. And so what it is you need to do and now people are working very hard you need to replenish the pipeline to build the backlog and that is going to create the revenues of tomorrow. So our people are working on it, we have encouraging signals that indeed the pipeline in financial services in Europe is building up. We certainly believe that it’s going to take couple of quarters to show in our growth, so we expect the H1 to still be in the low single digit and then H2 to get back more power with the rest of Accenture. So I do not think anything un-typical are coming from anything happening to this industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: So in terms of the revenue growth outlook I want to ask, are you seeing actual headwinds starting to impact your growth in upcoming months or is your guidance simply accounting for the possibility that’s the macro headwinds could grow over the course of the next 12 months. I am just trying gauge are you seeing visibility into flowing or you just prudently thinking about the next 12 months and what might happen?
Pierre Nanterme: I cannot take on this one because I think David mentioned already some element of this. From an Accenture standpoint, we’re pleased with where we are and no doubt we are entering Q1 with good momentum. Now for us Q1 is the end of the calendar 2018. So we’re moving to a new calendar January the 1st, so to be very specific it’s not something we see now. But the role of the leadership of any company is to look beyond the horizon and to understand what might happen in calendar 2019. And just to build on what David mentioned for instance I mean the Brexit negotiation going to get to end and we’ll know what’s going to happen and its seems we more moving to something like a hard Brexit than a soft one. What we’re calling the trade war again not signaled as we speak to you now that there is an effect but this trade war might impact some industries moving forward and by impacting these industries there could be a ripple effect on our business. We are watching as well very closely Latin America. Latin America, we've been doing well despite the complexities in that region, you’ll see what we're doing in Brazil which is absolutely great. Now Latin America prospects are concerning as well, and not to mention the other risk we all know you’re starting to see again some volatility in the commodity pricing. Not too long ago we talk about the oil price at $30 a barrel and now it’s getting to be very, very high. We are about to see some commodity pricing volatility again all of these we will see in calendar 2019, how things going to unfold. So that is the answer, nothing now but our job is to consider and to risk adjusting our guidance accordingly. Now that being said, what David said is absolutely true five to eight is an aggressive guidance if you look at the growth of the basket of competitor and the market. So it’s at 8% that would be two to three times the market. I would not consider that as conservative.
Rod Bourgeois: And then on the free cash flow outlook, you outperformed on cash flow in fiscal 2018 which sets up a tough comparison for fiscal 2019. Is there anything lumpy in the fiscal 2019 free cash flow outlook, I know you sometimes include some buffer on DSOs in case that moves around but are there any special lumpy items in the fiscal 2019 free cash flow outlook?
David Rowland: I mean there's no special lumpy items that’s - again we focus more on the absolute number in relation to net income and that ratio which is the guidance is actually quite strong in that regard then we do the year-over-year change. I mean we had beyond an outstanding year in DSOs in 2018, we really had an exceptional year and from a guidance standpoint, you're not going to assume that happens every year and so for example Rod we have allowed for the potential of some increase in DSOs as an example. But there is not anything other than the normal things that we would kind of factor in that’s in the mix. Again we would be very pleased to land a free cash flow in the range of 1.1 to 1.2 times net income.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Let me just start off, I mean can you just give a little more color on what you are seeing around wage inflation specifically in "the New" or maybe some of your better digital areas. How is it around pricing for those areas, it seems like giving the margin guidance you should be able to pass through price increase to offset but just a little more color on what you’re seeing on those two variables?
David Rowland: Yes, I mean it’s - I will make a couple of comment and Pierre may add as well. I mean first of all it’s with the size of our workforce and the diversity of skills and geographies et cetera, it's really hard to talk about wage questions in aggregate and for that reason we typically stay away from them. But let me just generically say that, I mean certainly when you look at the high growth areas of the market especially the leading edge areas of the market, there are in many cases premium salaries that go with premium skills and we hire a lot of those people and we always - we pay the market rate. On the other hand, we do get differentiated pricing in digital and that's the point is that we're not, we want to pay at a market relevant rate to retain people kind of fit for purpose for the skill set that we're talking about but what we focus on is whether or not we can get the right bill rates and ultimately yield the profitability off of those resources and so in that regard, there's not anything that we're concerned about, we as I said earlier we're always focused on driving our contract profitability upward which ultimately means that we have to get the right pricing in relation to what we're paying people and we feel positive about that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and maybe just to add on this, I mean, to attract and retain people, it's not always about the money. And it's interesting when you're driving analysis and surveys, the number one wish of the people working at that center is interesting work that is number one, the second is all the working environments and the balance and three the comp. So at the end of the day, the point is not about giving more money or to be the one who could have paid the most, it’s going to be the company is going to provide the most interesting work for our people and this is what we do with our rotation to "the New" and working with our diamond clients. Second, creating the right working environments I mentioned that already and indeed competitive compensation, so it's a mix of things you need to work on.
Darrin Peller: And just sort of a follow-up, I mean could you just deconstruct a little more around the growth of that specifically maybe breaking down what you are seeing in Cloud versus some of the center interactive side which I know has been a big party of growth also and if there is any other big call outs worth mentioning and thanks again guys.
David Rowland: I’ll make a couple of comments in terms of just some facts and Pierre may add some color as well. I mean the - first of all our growth in "the New" was strong double-digits and that has continued and when we say strong double-digits as we've said before, we mean very strong double-digits. So let's say well north of 20% is the growth rate that we see in "the New". And when you look at the components of "the New", we also see strong double-digit growth across every component, so when you look at digital and the three components of digital, Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Industry X, when you look at our cloud related services and when you look at security, all of those businesses are contributing with strong double-digit growth to the overall numbers that we very often talk about with respect to "the New". These are very attractive markets, we are - and strengthening our leadership position in each and we're benefiting from the growth that goes with it.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, we could be even clearer because you mentioned the 20% as [zero], I think all of them are growing more than 20%, to be very clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: I wanted to ask a follow-up on that. I think you guys have a fact in there that "the New" grew about 25% constant currency in fiscal year 2018, I guess that means the legacy business declined last versus last year and actually I have legacy business almost being flat to slightly up, so just want to see if maybe we've reached a point where we won't see that core legacy business declining as much as we have in the past because there's a certain amount of spend that always will occur with that business going forward?
Pierre Nanterme: Excellent analysis indeed. The core is declining less than in the prior year, so you made exactly the right analysis and calculation. But the rationale behind is we worked hard to not to protect the call but to make the call more competitive. So it was not like if our strategy was we’re going to put all our investment behind "the New" and let the core decline or becoming uncompetitive which would have been extremely bad. So we invested as well in the core in the form if I have to summarize of massive robotic and automation and modernization of what we are providing in term of - for instance application outsourcing or other activities you would put into core where indeed we have reached a level of automation which is extremely high and accordingly we have been able to protect the margin of the core and limit the erosion. So, you're absolutely right, but it's more because we worked on it for robotic automation and modernization.
Bryan Keane: And then, David, without the adoption restatement and changes in the pension accounting, just curious if operating margin still would've expanded the same 10 to 30 basis points? Some folks are getting a boost through 606 on operating margin or pension accounting. I just want to make sure that's not the case here. That’s still be underlying operating margin expansion without those changes? Thanks.
David Rowland: That is correct. It would be the same without the changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: I wanted to follow-up on the macro demand questions. In your client budgets, the conversations you're having in the U.S., is there any indication that there's been a pull forward of tax spending demand in 2018 due to things like tax reform or just broader deregulation?
David Rowland: I would say, no. I don't think we have any evidence that there's been a pull forward of spending for those reasons. No.
Bryan Bergin: And then my follow-up, as you're building new, new areas in area - places like Industry X.0 and Applied Intelligence? Can you give us a sense of scale of these businesses? And then just talk about what you learn from building out the interactive business that you were able to leverage in these new areas?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Now we have a kind of routine we established at Accenture, which is moving from the first and this is a role of R&D specially Paul Daugherty, an Accenture Research, is to understand what's coming. And clearly as you know we're spending $700 million in R&D at Accenture. And their job is to intensify to next ways and putting them in incubation in what we call strategic growth initiatives. So we incubate. This is what we did for the other businesses. We're starting to test business models. And when we get into a level of maturity, and we see the opportunity to scale and create an impact with client then we industrialize and move to the big business of Accenture. So we learn about this process of incubation to industrialization. Second, it's all about talent and leadership. And this is where we have the combination between acquisition and organic growth. So indeed we are making acquisition and I mentioned in the call, for instance, the three acquisitions we made in Industry X.0 this very quarter. To attract the skills, so companies of mid - small to mid-size that having deep skill especially in Industry X.0 on embedded software and product design where we are investing a lot. So we know now how to combine and of course all of this supported, I could see Amy Fuller next to me, our Chief Marketing Officer with good communication campaign we putting behind. So we have developed a savoir-faire in term of incubation - detection, incubation, industrialization and launching the campaign behind with a good mix of organic and inorganic behind. So its quite well oiled, if you will as a machine.
Angie Park: Greg, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: That question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: My question is on headcount follow-up to a previous one. So you're hiring almost 100,000 people annually on a gross basis. That's obviously a big number. So my question is where are you hiring people from? Are you looking at different kinds of skills versus what you've looked at historically? And more broadly how should we think about your ability to continue to find and not just attract people and drive more automation in a very tight labor market which puts constraints in a supply of people?
Pierre Nanterme: On this, I mean, we are - we continue to hire on onshore large markets especially in the context of our rotation to "the New", our largest markets are as you know, U.S., U.K., a lot in Germany, Japan if I had to mention maybe - maybe three countries I would certainly mention the U.S., Germany and Japan where we are recruiting a lot. But it’s true as well in our other metro markets U.K., France, Italy, Spain. So onshore deep skills probably more around high-value consulting in the context of "the New" and in the context of driving our largest relationship with clients especially with our Diamond clients, and we continue to hire significantly on - let's call at the offshore especially in India. And thank you for giving me the opportunity not to polarize that now that we'd e all about onshore and offshore would be called legacy. It's not true at all. Not true at all. And everybody would visit Accenture in India would be blown away by the quality of the people and their rotation to "the New". We had an event last year in term of R&D and innovation where some of our, I'm not going to mention the name, but some of our largest brand and clients from the U.S. being moving there for less than an hour to support that team who've been working on truly innovative session and brainstorming. So, we continue to invest onshore and offshore, drive the right balance and having the right skills. And this is exactly why, to your second question, is there scarcity in the pool? We don't believe. We operate in many markets. And in many markets we find the right people including business scientists. I think we have more than 2000 business scientists at Accenture, growing, and we could find these people all around the world. Again to your prior question, Accenture today is very attractive. Good for us. So we need to take our chance. And while we are attractive based on our results and positioning, we have no issue in finding the right people.
Pierre Nanterme: So, thanks a lot for listening and joining us on today's call. As you might have guessed, we are and I'm extremely pleased with our strong finish and excellent performance for the first fiscal year 2018. No doubt we have a strong momentum on during fiscal year 2019 and with our leading position in "the New" the significance investments we are making and the disciplined management of the business, I'm very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for all our stakeholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any question please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best to everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-06-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Co. Jamie Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Harshita Rawat - Bernstein Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’d like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s conference call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host and facilitator as well as our Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Steve, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Accenture had a truly outstanding third quarter. We delivered excellent results from new bookings and revenues to operating margin, EPS and cash flow, and we gained significant market share once again. The durability of our performance demonstrates the relevance of our growth strategy and our ability to continue delivering strong results and returns for our shareholders, while at the same time investing significantly in new growth opportunities to strengthen our position for the long-term. Here are a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered record new bookings of $11.7 billion. We grew revenues 11% in local currency to $10.3 billion, and our growth continues to be well-balanced across the dimensions of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.79 on an adjusted basis, an 18% increase. Operating margin was 15.7%, an expansion of 20 basis points on an adjusted basis. We generated very strong free cash flow of $1.8 billion, and we returned approximately $1.6 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend. So we’re entering the fourth quarter with excellent momentum in our business, and I feel confident that we are very well-positioned to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now, let me hand over to David, who’ll review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you?
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. As you heard in Pierre’s comments, we’re extremely pleased with our results in the third quarter, which once again, reflect strong momentum across every dimension of our business. Based on the strength of our third quarter results and the strong confidence and visibility we have in our fourth quarter, we will be increasing key elements of our full-year outlook, which I’ll cover in more detail later in our call. Importantly, both our third quarter results and our updated outlook for the full-year reflect very strong execution against all three financial imperatives for driving superior shareholder value, which I covered in some detail at our Investor Analyst Day in April. So before I get into the details of the quarter, let me summarize the major headlines of our third quarter results. Net revenue increased more than $1.4 billion, reflecting growth of a 11% local currency and representing the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The strong top line growth exceeded our expectations and reflected strong and balanced growth across all operating groups and geographic areas with several growing double digits. The growth continues to significantly outpace the market, reflecting both our leadership position in "the New" and the durability of our diverse yet highly focused growth model. Operating margin of 15.7% expanded 20 basis points, compared to adjusted operating margin last year, consistent with our expectations and reflected strong underlying profitability, which allowed us to invest at scale in our people and our business, and we delivered very strong EPS of $1.79 on an adjusted basis, up 18% over fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS. And our free cash flow of $1.8 billion reflected both our strong profitability and excellent DSOs. We continue to execute our strategic capital allocation objectives with year-to-date investments of over $450 million in acquisitions and roughly $3.8 billion return to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. With that said, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $11.7 billion for the quarter, the highest level of new bookings in our history and represents 15% growth in local currency. Consulting bookings were $5.9 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0, and outsourcing bookings were $5.8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.3. Our new bookings were extremely well-balanced across the dimensions of our business. Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence, Accenture Industry X.0, as well as Cloud and Security were all important themes and represented roughly 60% of our total new bookings. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $10.3 billion, an increase of 16% in USD and a 11% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 5%, compared to the 5.5% impact provided last quarter. This result was approximately $200 million above the upper-end of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were 5.7 billion, up 18% in USD and 12% in local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were $4.6 billion, up 14% in USD and 10% in local currency. Looking at the trends in estimated revenue growth across our business dimensions, the overrunning theme was strong and balanced growth across all business dimensions. We saw an uptick in Strategy and Consulting Services, which grew high-single digits, while both Application Services and Operations posted double-digit growth. And “the New” including Digital Cloud and Security, continued to deliver very strong double-digit growth, reflecting many of the market themes and key points of differentiation, which we discussed at our Investor Analyst Day. I’d like to also highlight the strong demand for Intelligent Platform Services, which continued to be an important contributor to our growth. As you know, Intelligent Platform Services brings together our industry, functional and next-generation application capabilities powered by our innovation architecture to drive mission-critical programs for our clients, and these services primarily relate to deploying next-generation technologies in SAP, Oracle, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Workday. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, Communications, Media, & Technology led all operating groups with 18% in local currency, reflecting continued strong momentum in many parts of the business, especially Software and Platforms and Communication and Media, which both posted double-digit growth, as well as double-digit growth across all three geographies. Resources grew 12% in the quarter, driven by strong double-digit growth in Energy and Chemicals and Natural Resources. We continue to see strong demand for our services across all geographies with double-digit growth in North America and the growth markets and strong growth in Europe. Products delivered its 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with 11% growth in the quarter, led by Industrial and Consumer Goods, Retail and Travel Services. Growth was strong across all geographies with double-digit growth in both Europe and the growth markets. Financial services grew 8% in local currency, reflecting strong growth in both banking and capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies led by double-digit growth in the growth markets. And finally, H&PS grew 7%, driven by double-digit growth in public service. We continue to be pleased with double-digit growth in Europe and the growth markets and solid growth in North America. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.2%, compared to 32.8% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.7%, compared to a 11.1% for the third quarter last year, and our general and administrative expense was 5.7%, compared to 6.2% for the same quarter last year. We have two items impacting metrics this quarter. As a reminder, in quarter three last year, we recorded a settlement charge related to the termination of our U.S. pension plan. In this quarter, we recorded charges of $102 – $122 million related to tax law changes, which increased our quarter three tax rate by 7.6% and decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.19. The following comparisons exclude those impacts were applicable and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $1.6 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 15.7% operating margin, an increase of 20 basis points, compared to op – adjusted operating margin in quarter three last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.8%, compared to an adjusted effective tax rate of 26.6% for the third quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.79, compared to an adjusted EPS of $1.52 in the third quarter last year, and this reflects an 18% increase over last year’s result. Day services outstanding were 39 days, compared to 40 days last quarter and 41 days in the third quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.8 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $174 million. Our cash balance at May 31 was $3.9 billion, compared with $4.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4.7 million shares for $720 million at an average share price of $153.60 per share. At May 31, we had approximately $1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally, as Pierre mentioned, on May 15, 2018, we made our second semiannual dividend payment for fiscal 2018 in the amount of $1.33 per share, bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.7 billion. So in summary, we’re extremely pleased with our outstanding third quarter results and now focused on quarter four and closing out a strong year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. At our Investor and Analyst Conference in April, we provided an update on our strategy of building differentiated capabilities for the digital world, applying innovation at scale and ensuring that we anticipate the impact of the next waves of technology disruption for our clients. Our excellent results for the third quarter demonstrate that we continue to execute this strategy very well. The end-to-end capabilities we have built at scale and in an industry context are unique in the marketplace. Our ability to integrate these services from strategy and consulting to digital, technology, operations and cybersecurity enables us to deliver targeted business outcomes for clients. Our rapid rotation to “the New” digital, cloud and security, continues to drive significant growth for Accenture. Revenues in “the New”, again grew at a very strong double-digit rate in the third quarter and accounted for about 60% of total revenues for the first time, highlighting that “the New’ has now become the core of our business. Digital transformation is now a clear imperative for our clients, and we are uniquely positioned to deploy digital services end-to-end at scale across industries and geographies. With Accenture Applied Intelligence, we are bringing together our capabilities in data, analytics and artificial intelligence, combined with our deep understanding of industries and business functions to help clients reimagine their core processes. With Bepensa, a Coca-Cola bottler in Mexico, we are leveraging the Accenture Insights Platform to mine the data from 2 billion transactions a year to provide a holistic view of the business, better service 300,000 daily customers and significantly increased market share. We’re also gaining significant traction with Accenture Industry X.O, where we are reinventing manufacturing with smart connected products and services using advanced technologies, including the Internet of Things, connected devices and digital platforms. We are helping BSA Group, the Italian manufacturer, expand beyond products into digital services. BSA is rolling out connected services ranging from management alerts to in-depth analytics across its installed base of 20,000 industrial machines, driving new revenue streams, as well as significant cost savings. And we continue to build our Industry X.O capabilities. This month, we announced our agreement to acquire designaffairs, a design firm based in Germany that specializes in smart products and services for manufacturers. It complements very well our acquisition of Mackevision in the second quarter. Accenture also remained the partner of choice for the world’s leading companies on large-scale, mission-critical transformation programs. And our ability to mobilize and integrate end-to-end services to deliver value and business outcomes is clearly setting us apart in the marketplace. We are helping DowDuPont with the post-merger integration of Dow Chemical and Dupont, as well as preparations for their planned spin-offs. We have expanding the scope of our services to include substantial work in digital, strategy and management consulting, with the goal of enabling each of the future companies with the distinctive capabilities needed to lead in their respective markets. Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business. I’m just very pleased that we again delivered strong growth in the third quarter across all three of our geographic regions with double-digit growth in most of our major markets. Starting in North America, we delivered 11% growth, driven by further acceleration in the United States. In Europe, revenues grew 9% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, Ireland, France and Spain. And in growth market, I’m delighted that we delivered another exceptional quarter with 17% growth in local currency, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan, as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I hand back to David, I want to take a moment to touch on Accenture’s role in helping to solve important societal challenges. Trust and responsibility are increasingly critical in evaluating companies as a potential partner, employer or investment. And at Accenture, we feel a responsibility to encourage the use of emerging technologies as a positive force for the economy and the broader society. For example, we are using blockchain and value metrics to support ID2020, which is helping to solve the challenges of identity faced by more than 1.1 billion people around the world. In Japan, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create a revolutionary system to dispatch emergency vehicles more quickly ultimately saving lives. And I’m particularly proud of the work our people do across the Accenture Labs in Bangalore, Dublin, San Francisco and Sophia Antipolis to use cutting-edge technologies in innovative ways through our Tech4Good initiative like AI smartphone solution that helps the blind navigate the world and lead more productive lives. Creating innovative solutions that improve the way the world walks and leaves is our mission at Accenture and quite simply the right thing to do. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, again, over to you?
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. So let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $9.8 billion to 10.05 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about flat compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and reflects an estimated 7% to 10% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2018, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollar will be positive 3% compared to fiscal 2017. For the full fiscal 2018, we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 9.5% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal 2017. For operating margin, we continue to expect full fiscal 2018 to be 14.8% consistent with adjusted fiscal 2017 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%. The increase in our guidance from last quarter is primarily due to the $122 million tax charge that I mentioned earlier. The charge includes two components, an additional $41 million provisional charge related to the adoption of the U.S. Tax Act, as well as an $81 million expense from a non-U.S. tax law change. Excluding the impact of these tax law changes, we now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%. For earnings per share, we now expect our diluted EPS for fiscal 2018 to be in the range of $6.26 to $6.31. Excluding the impact of tax law changes, we now expect adjusted full-year diluted EPS to be in the range of $6.66 to $6.71, or 13% to 14% growth over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. For the full fiscal 2018, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $5.8 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $4.9 billion to $5.2 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1%, as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and the follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Steve, would you provide instructions for those on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come – our first question will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning, guys. How are you?
David Rowland: Good morning, Jason. How are you?
Jason Kupferberg: Good, good, good, thanks. Great set of constant currency results here obviously. So we’re just continuing to get lot of questions around FX just given some of the recent moves. I wanted to just get some of your initial thoughts. If FX spot rates today or in recent weeks were to in theory hold going forward, how should we think about the potential FX headwind to revenue and EPS next year just so we can start to get our models calibrated?
David Rowland: Yes, this will be the only comment I’ll make relative to next year quantitatively by the way, but I don’t mind saying this, because it’s just really an extrapolation of the math. As we do our analysis, so looking at the rates that we used as a basis for the FX impact that I just provided for this year, if those rates were to hold constant as we do our analysis, it would create a headwind of about 2%, so it will have a negative 2% impact on our results next year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, both top and bottom line?
David Rowland: Yes, both.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay.
David Rowland: Essentially, yes.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, great. So just as my follow up, obviously, really good to see the constant currency top line raise for this year. Is most all of that organic, and I know you did announce a couple of additional acquisitions since the last earnings call, but it didn’t seem like there would be enough time left in this year for them to contribute much. So are we still thinking kind of 2.5%-ish for M&A contribution in fiscal 2018?
David Rowland: Yes. The beat, if you will, in quarter three was 100% organic. And therefore, that’s the basis for us raising our guidance for the year. There’s no change in our view on inorganic for the full year. We still think we’ll end the full year with it making about a 2.5% contribution, and against that 2.5% contribution for the year, it was a little higher than that in the first half of the year to a little lower than that in the second half of the year and averages to about 2.5% for the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Well, nice job. Thanks for the comments.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hi, good morning.
David Rowland: Hey, good morning, Tien-tsin.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good morning, good morning, good revenue acceleration here. So just on the revenue front, I’ll ask if there are any callouts on what surprised you, perhaps strategy consulting, accelerating. Just curious what drove the let’s say, the – I think you said $200 million above the FX-adjusted range to the top line of the guide?
David Rowland: Yes, the good news is that the additional revenue was really broad-based. Literally, every operating group delivered above their expectations. As you might guess, the strongest over-delivery came from the three operating groups with the double-digit growth. So CMT, Products and Resources were the biggest contributor to the strong revenue performance. As you also alluded to and I called out in my script, strategy and consulting combined was also quite strong at high-single digits, and we were very pleased with that, but it was really the over-delivery from a top line standpoint was broad-based. And I think it aligns with the fact that we had such strong, broad-based, record-setting new bookings that underpinned that and just reflective of the strong momentum in the market overall.
Tien-tsin Huang: Sure, good.
David Rowland: Yes.
Tien-tsin Huang: So my follow-up quickly is just on the outsourcing booking that 1.3x book-to-bill, I believe.
David Rowland: Yes.
Tien-tsin Huang: So what’s the – are larger deals back? Just curious if there is anything chunky that, that contributed to that or if there’s anything unusual?
David Rowland: Yes, we did have – we had some large, I mean, as you would expect, we had some larger deals in there. We had a couple of, in particular, larger deals. I think the total number of deals are more than $100 million, I didn’t say it, but it was – I think it was 12. If I’m remembering that correctly, and so that is in the zone probably in the high end of what we see in a typical quarter. I don’t know that big deals are back necessarily, because we’ve always had a good flow of big deals, but as we look at our pipeline going forward, what we call our mega pipeline actually looks really good. And actually, I’m being told that we had 13 deals over $100 million, not 12, so, yes.
Tien-tsin Huang: Off by one. 
David Rowland: Yes.
Tien-tsin Huang: It’s in the zone. Thank you, sir.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you, Tien-tsin.
Operator: Bryan Bergin of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on the headcount growth versus revenue growth. Can you comment on whether you’re seeing any change in the inflection of the resource requirements that you need for this high level of growth due to better automation traction of the Platform business. And then can you just give us some color on the pickup in attrition?
David Rowland: Yes. So our headcount growth did grow at a pace below our revenue growth, and we have seen that several quarters if you look over the last eight quarters or so. Certainly, there’s the potential for that trend to be more common as we look forward both as it relates to the productivity efficiencies that we will drive into the business, including through technology and as well we are always constantly focused on pricing improvement and increasing the revenue yield per head in our revenue. And so, it is – it’s a part of our strategy of extracting more value from our business for our shareholders and our employees, and in a perfect world, we would see a higher revenue yield per head going forward, and our challenge is to achieve that through the mix of our services, the pricing, et cetera. On the attrition front, there’s not anything we’re particularly concerned about. The attrition did tick up, but we feel very good about our ability to attract the talent in the marketplace that we need. We are an employer of choice certainly in our sector. We have no issues recruiting the people that we need in the market, and we also are quite pleased with our overall retention, including retention of critical skills even with what was a slight tick up in overall attrition. So we don’t have any particular concerns there.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, thanks. And then on the H&PS segment, have you seen improvement in those healthcare contracts that you cited last quarter, anything around the contract profitability? Thank you.
David Rowland: Yes, very pleased with the H&PS profitability as we were all the operating groups. Every single operating group if you look at this concept of underlying profitability that we talk about sometimes at the Accenture level, which is the underlying profitability above and beyond our reported profitability that – where we use the headroom to invest in our people and our business. Every single one of our operating groups had a really strong improvement in underlying profitability. Now underneath that, they had investments, et cetera, that are reflected in the operating margin numbers that, that we report. But we were quite pleased with all of our operating groups and H&PS included, which did show sequential improvement in profitability, and that is as we expected and as we signaled in the first-half of the year.
Bryan Bergin: Thanks.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Jamie Friedman of Susquehanna Financial Group, please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Friedman: Hi, thank you. Hey good morning, guys. Good set of results here. Sorry if I don’t have the greatest connection. But, David, I wanted to ask in your prepared remarks, I thought you said something that was new, at least, new to me, We decomposed the bookings, it was the Industry X.O and Interactive, I thought you said 60%. If you wouldn’t mind just repeating that if you have that there, that would be helpful?
David Rowland: Yes. And there was a subtle change, and frankly, the intent was to – we talk about “the New” so much that I was just taking the opportunity to remind people what the components of “the New”. So I called out the five components by name. And the only intent was to again remind the components of “the New”, especially as we have changed some of the terminology as we’ve evolved digital to talk about Accenture Interactive, Accenture Applied Intelligence and Accenture Industry X.O. And “the New” overall, so those five components in aggregate represented about 60% of our total bookings and that’s consistent with the comments that Pierre made where from a revenue standpoint, “the New” represents approximately 60% of our revenues at this point as well.
Pierre Nanterme: Maybe I can jump on this one, because nobody is asking me any questions. They’re all for you, David, so I’m jumping on it. You mentioned that we had evolved the terminology but, of course, it’s more than the terminology. And the reality is that we’re constantly evolving the content of our capabilities in “the New”. Accenture Interactive has been there since day one, no change. We continue growing, developing and scaling. We had Accenture Mobility around enterprise apps and connected platform. We evolved now to Industry X.O to build a capability totally focused on smart and digital manufacturing. Same thing we’ve been doing with Accenture Analytics. We started with – we upgraded this year to Accenture Applied Intelligence by adding on top of the analytics, machine learning and applied intelligence. So it’s important for all of you to understand that almost every year or every couple of years, we will always significantly improve, upgrade, what we’re calling “the New” to make sure we are always ahead of the curve and bringing innovation at the heart of our existing capabilities.
Jamie Friedman: Thanks, Pierre. And then I did have one for you, Pierre, which was with regard to the growth and Strategy Consulting and Application Services, do you – is it fair to think of those as lead indicators for the company, or would that be an exaggeration?
Pierre Nanterme: No, I think for us, it’s important with range, strategy, management consulting and intelligent platform, so the added value part of our system integration, because it’s demonstrating that what we’re selling is highly differentiated is more at the high-end of the value chain of our services. And of course, it is important in the context of contributing to our margin and – to our margin and ultimately, profitability. So I’m very pleased that we moved Strategy Consulting to high single digits. I think this is a good place to be and it’s the demonstration that our services are more and more differentiated with that piece, which is clearly around industry specific solutions and very cutting-edge consulting work, same with Application Services. The system integration piece is on fire right, and especially with what we’re calling the intelligent platforms. So all this new digital artificial intelligence, analytic or rich platforms, where we are leading with all of them to be honest in the marketplace and again, it’s a significant contributor to our rotation to “the New”. So it’s a sign of good health. You’re absolutely right.
Jamie Friedman: Thank you.
Operator: Jim Schneider, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hey, good morning, Jim.
Jim Schneider: Hey, good morning, David. Just a question on the CMT, that continues to be very, very strong there. Their growth, I think accelerated even further. Can you maybe give us a sense about what the components of that growth are and what kind of work you’re seeing there that maybe you didn’t see a year or two ago? Is there anything kind of increment on that front?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I’ll sort of take this one.
David Rowland: Go head. Go ahead, please.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, CMT, we talked a lot about CMT these last years. Needless to say, it’s a set of industries on the massive transformation. If you take the different components, high-tech, telecom and what we’re calling software and platforms. Software and platforms are the driving force of the growth in terms of CMT, because these companies are investing massively in the context of leading in the market. So here, the business is to support the leaders providing, I mean, you know well the names, the leading platforms in the marketplace. So we’re supporting them and supporting their growth and we are the enabler of that growth. On the other side of the spectrum, you will find telecom. Telecom is small transformation. These companies are facing significant challenges and you know now they’re on path [ph]into massive M&A consolidation and so a lot happening, including they’re all launching new networks. Yes, we’re moving from web. We’re moving from – we’ve been moving from the three to the fourth to the fifth GB. You put the cyber on top of it, so they need to continue investing and again, they need people like us to support their transformation, as well as being an enabler of their network implementation. And then in-between, you have the high-tech and high-tech companies again are not only CMT companies, but they are enablers of many industries in providing the equipment, providing the technology. And I’m extremely pleased with the progress we’re making in high-tech across the Board, especially with some recent excellent progress we have made with aerospace and defense, where we decided to focus on as a very promising industry. And with the focus we put as an illustration on this industry, it’s as well a good contributor to our overall growth. So three different segments with three different set of issues, but we are the enabler of their change, their transformation and ultimately, their leadership in the marketplace.
Jim Schneider: Thanks, that’s helpful. And then maybe just regarding the tax rate, David, I know you said you won’t talk about fiscal 2019. But can you maybe just talk about your overall tax rate or sort of your overall tax planning, how that’s evolved over the last few quarters or so and whether you think that there’s any kind of change to what you previously said about the tax rate on go-forward basis, given all that context?
David Rowland: Yes. So first – I mean, first of all, the – it goes without saying that the tax environment continues to be highly complex and fluid, if not even volatile perhaps. And so it is a significant effort with a lot of talented people that stay on top of our tax planning and all of the math – matters and policy progression and all the tax jurisdictions around the world. You’re right, I’m not going to comment on FY 2019 beyond what I have said previously. I would prefer that we just give one update in September when we provide guidance. There’s basically two statements that I’ve made or that we’ve disclosed just to remind you. So one thing that we disclosed and I commented on is the accounting change on income tax effects of intercompany transfers, the ASU 2016-16. And we disclosed that in isolation that would have about a 3.5% impact on our tax rate. And so that’s one item that we called out, which is in our future. Now that impact would be in isolation. And obviously, there are other elements of our tax planning that we’re constantly working on. And so that’s not to imply necessarily that, that would be the ultimate impact, but that item alone will have that impact. And, of course, the other item that we called out obviously is the U.S. tax reform. And previously, we had said that, that would have a modest – create modest upward pressure on our tax rate. And so those are really among a longer list of items that we’re focused on. Those are the two things that we’ve talked about the most and that we’ve had disclosures on.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Harshita Rawat of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, Pierre, it does appear that we are in one of the strongest enterprise IT demand environment in many years. And do you have a sense of whether this is cyclical and tax reform-related update, or is there more – is this more structural in nature, because IT is again sort of perceived to be an investment area versus a budget that needs to be managed?
Pierre Nanterme: I tend to believe it’s more a structural than something, which is more cyclical on the short-term and for many reasons. I mean, first, it’s incredibly pervasive across all the industries. So when you look at our rotation to “the New”, it’s amazingly consistent across all our industries, whatever you’re taking the B2C and now the B2B. The same thing, it’s amazingly consistent across the world. When you look at the rotation to “the New” from the U.S. to Europe to Brazil, Australia and Japan, you see the same level of demand across the world. So it’s something, which is extremely significant. Next, when you look at this IT revolution, and let’s call that digital revolution, it’s coming through waves. So it’s got one thing. It is now a continuous flow of new technologies coming one of the other to change the game. So we started with some basic Internet technology solutions more on the B2C. Now we’re moving to look at it everything connected. If you look at this, that would be a big market in itself. So what we’re calling the Internet of Things, but everything connected then you move to the artificial intelligence at large. And everybody would believe we are more at the very beginning of this wave than anything else. Then the blockchain we talked in last three years and we incubated, now it’s starting to pickup. And by the way, we’ve put all act together. We have made significant investments, and now we’re taking the position of leader in this blockchain technologies. And it’s not enough, you’re moving to immersive realities, virtual realities, and then you have “the New” IT. The new ways of developing system, dev ops, agile. And then I can continue with quantum computing. So look at the series of incredible digital disrupt – technology disruptions, where in the past probably you would have one for 40 years. Now you have one every 18 months. So I tend to believe that we are in a true force revolution – industrial revolution based on digital and it’s something, which going to be more secular than cyclical.
Harshita Rawat: Great, thank you. And just as a follow-up, again, this context of this growing IT demand environment. Is there any change in your thinking about your continued ability to hire and retain talent in this tightening labor market?
Pierre Nanterme: We have no issues, I mean, to make it. I know that the – I mean, the data when you look at this and you take a bit your microscope, you will see some pickup in the attrition, but we are in the zone, as David said, I mean rightfully. The reality is, are we able to attract the best talent in the marketplace, sometime we’re calling them iconic talent from the outside? The answer is, yes. Are we retaining our best Managing Directors? We have and we have now 7,000 Managing Directors. The level of attrition is incredibly low in the ranks of Managing Directors. Everyday, we have people willing to join Accenture. So – and finally, our brand is attractive and the brand is attractive because of the success of the rotation to “the New” and the pivot we’ve been executed to be now perceived and it’s not a perception, it’s the reality as a highly innovative company accommodating multiple cultures in the same company from designers to business scientists to the more classic programmers and developers. And to people extraordinary knowledgeable in leading and cutting-edge IT, plus all the effort we made to make the Accenture what we’re calling, Truly Human, Tech4Good what I mentioned in my script. All of this is creating an environment, which I tend to believe is Accenture is very attractive. Evidence is recently we won many awards in term of the best place to work most attractive place to work. And I’m very pleased as you’re giving me the opportunity to mention that that we’re not only the best place to work for everybody, but as well with a great sense of diversity in it. So we have received many recognition for women for LGBT. And I’m extremely pleased that we are attractive for everybody as we should. All the talent, all the background, all the different best gender, and all the diversity, and we have a good brand supporting that.
Harshita Rawat: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: Rod Bourgeois of DeepDive Equity. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Rod.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, good morning. Good to talk to you, guys. Hey, within the Intelligent Platforms business where you work on ERP systems. Can you talk about, which ERP platforms are contributing the most to your growth? And also perhaps the software market trends that are catalyzing your demand and that ERP services space?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, as you know, Rod, we’re walking with all the usual suspects from the platform standpoint. So I would mention the names you all know in the leading platform from SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Salesforce.com, Workday, to mention maybe the names everybody would know. All of these platform and software provider did their rotation to “the New”. So the one that were not in the cloud are now in the cloud. And all of them as they have added features in term of analytics and in term of artificial intelligence insight. That’s why now we’re calling them at Accenture Intelligent Platforms, because they are not any more the old ERP we knew. They are ERP in the cloud for which in term of new functionalities, analytics and the artificial intelligence. So this market has been very good for Accenture. We’ve been driving excellent growth from our, let’s call, that the ERP business or Intelligent Platform business. We are – I mean, we are again the partner of choice. And the market is vibrant as well, because many clients been waiting for the new platforms to arrive, to upgrade and move. And I believe we’re more again at the beginning of this wave of replacing the old ERP with the new one, because it’s going to drive lot of benefits in terms of again of leveraging the cloud, leveraging analytics, and leveraging artificial intelligence. So we have a very strong position. We organize our capabilities in our operating group as well in Accenture technology to have at scale capability to support all these leading platforms and we are getting a very good return.
Rod Bourgeois: That’s helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Can you give any color on the relative contributions of the components of New to your overall growth? I’m particularly interested in your view on which component in “the New” has the most future potential to evolve with success akin to the Accenture interactive business. So as an example, is IoT, the best candidate for future growth potential, or is something else catching your attention there?
Pierre Nanterme: I would say, all our new babies have the potential to grow successfully for many years. Now in the family, some are already operating at scale grown-up, I mean, you mentioned Accenture Interactive. Now three years in a row, number one in advertising age as the fastest growing and largest digital experience agency. By the way, I’m pleased that you give me the opportunity to mention to the whole group that we won seven awards at the Cannes Lions with an acquisition we made in Dublin with a company called Rothco. So we are in the interactive game big time. We are winning not only awards, but as well big clients. So with Accenture Interactive, it’s scaled to lead, if you will. It’s more mature than the others. Next, I would mention certainly, cloud as well is more scaled to lead. So these two are scaled to lead. That Applied Intelligence is as well at a very significant scale, but the name of the game for us is to infuse the latest cutting-edge artificial and algorithmic technologies in that unit we’re calling Applied Intelligence. And then we have two with a big potential to grow, because they are not yet operating at the same scale. I’m thinking about Accenture Security, where we have put together all our cybersecurity capabilities and it’s growing, David would say, strong double-digit that would probably add hyper-strong double digits just to give you a sense of – it’s a bit more than strong double-digit. And the last one we launched with industry X.0 I mentioned, which is all the digital applied to manufacturing. This is clearly for us a significant investments we’re going to make this year and in the coming three years, because it’s all about replicating to the B2B industries the success we have with the B2C. And we’re making good progress and I’m pleased. And more to come, because every year, we’re going to launch new capabilities in “the New” when they will mature.
Rod Bourgeois: It sounds like you don’t have a favorite baby, you have all of them.
Pierre Nanterme: This is the way we are in France, we we love all of them.
Rod Bourgeois: Thank you, guys.
David Rowland: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Yes. Hi, guys. Congrats on very solid results here. Just want to follow-up on the and the strength in the bookings. Was that a lot of renewals in there, or is that new business that pushed that higher? And then just thinking about the pipeline now, does it become a little more depleted since you had such a big quarter this quarter?
David Rowland: Yes. So there – I mean, there’s a lot of new business in the $11 billion-ish, $11 billion-plus bookings, $11.7 billion in the quarter. I mean, you don’t get to that number with, let’s say, a disproportionate or unusual level of renewals. And the other part of the question was pipeline. Yes, I mean, any time we have a bookings quarter that large then, I mean, obviously, it has some impact on the pipeline. But having said that, we have had a lot of replenishment even during the quarter, so we feel good about our pipeline. But yet, as you can imagine, we’re very focused on our pipeline replenishment as we think about turning the page into fiscal 2019 and, let’s say, the next challenge of growth. So we always have work to do on our pipeline. We feel good about it, but we’re always focused on expanding that.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then just want to follow-up on the fourth quarter revenue guidance. I know top line was strong in a 11% constant currency this quarter. I think, the guidance imply some like 7% to 10% constant currency for the fourth quarter, which is a tad below the strength of this quarter. Just thinking about that growth considering the strong bookings, is that just a little bit of conservatism built in there, or another possibility is some of the M&A business has fallen off that’s causing a little lower growth rate than we saw in the third? Thanks so much.
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, I don’t know if it’s conservatism, 11% growth is really outstanding and as well the upper-end of our range at 10% growth is also outstanding. And so, as we always say, we have a 3 point range. You never like the bottom part of the range and, of course, we’re always focused on being as high in the range as we possibly can. And to the extent, we were to deliver at the upper-end of the range. We would continue to gain massive share in the marketplace. I mean, that level of growth would be outstanding and we would be very pleased with that at the upper-end of the range. So, I wouldn’t say there’s not the intent to be conservative. There’s the intent to have a reasonable range. And again, the upper half of the ranges is quite strong.
Bryan Keane: Okay, great. Thanks.
Angie Park: Hey, Steve, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. Our last question will come from the line of Brian Essex, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: Great, thank you for taking the question.
David Rowland: Hey, Brian.
Brian Essex: Pierre, how are you. Yes, I was just wondering if maybe you can unpack the digital a little bit. I get a lot of questions in terms of what’s maybe migrational in nature and Pierre did a great job kind of differentiating ERP part of the equation. We’ve also had some great stories on truly transformational digital projects. I think, Pierre had one in this prepared remarks. I know on the operational side, your operations team has some great supply chain examples, particular in the beverage market. How much of the digital would you say is truly transformational versus more kind of migrational in nature where you’re just taking an application and putting into new operating environment?
Pierre Nanterme: It’s getting more and more transformational. I mean, you’re right. I mean, the first waves, you’ll always fight to catch the low-hanging fruit that’s going that way. And the low-hanging fruit, for instance, would be I’m taking my current applications, no change, no transformation and I move them to the cloud just to benefit from the cost difference with a classic infrastructure, what you’re calling the migration. So we’ve seen some of the journey to the cloud. You’re taking the existing, you lift and and brought to the cloud, and you’re making the benefits. You still have some of this work, of course. But what I find and I found very interesting is, indeed, the market is shifting at these results and our clients to using digital as more transformational. For instance, when you move or change from the existing ERP to a new ERP in the cloud and then you’re using the Analytics and Applied – and the Artificial Intelligence features in order to drive more value in the company in term of forecasting, for instance, or other activity then it is more transformational. As we speak, we’re working in some very large organization in CMT. Again, in the context of aerospace and defense to deploy these new digital platforms from engineering services to production to cross-sell end-to-end with 3D features in it and so forth. It’s truly transformational and it’s not just the low-hanging fruit, simple migration. So we see more and more now as the market is maturing. And as the leaders are understanding better the core of the digital transformation, the shift from simple migration to drive the easy cost to a more profound digital transformation to win the big prize. So from the low-hanging fruit to the big prize, this is the difference with the migration to the transformation. We see more of those.
Brian Essex: Great. That’s very helpful. And one quick follow-up for David. David, I think last quarter, you said you might come in a tick under $1 billion for M&A. You still have that outlook, or is it that change at all for the remainder of the year?
David Rowland: Yes, it is – our current view is that we’ll land somewhere in the range of $650 million to $750 million of invested capital. We’re fine with that. We’re not in the business of just trying to do deals for the sake of doing deals, we want to do the right deals. And so that’s going to be the level that we’re going to be at this year, but we are committed to that being an important part of our strategy going forward. And as we’ve said, up to 25% of our operating cash flow is our strategic capital allocation model objective. We always have an active pipeline and that’s true today. And so, it’s something that we continue to focus on as an important part of our strategy.
Brian Essex: Super helpful. Thank you for squeezing me in.
David Rowland: Right. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll now turn the conference back over to our host and panelists for any closing remarks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, thanks a lot again to all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing and I’m sure you heard that throughout the call, we and I feel very good about where we are. We feel confident in our ability to finish the year strong. We believe that with the highly differentiated capability, we have built in “the New”, our continued investment across Accenture and the disciplined management of our business. We are extremely well-positioned to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. We look forward to looking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best and thanks, again, for joining and supporting Accenture.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today’s panel, we’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s earnings call and thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-03-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - MD, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Brian Bergin - Cowen Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley David Koning - Robert W. Baird Arvind Ramnani - KeyBanc Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Kian. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As Kian just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through with the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both the second quarter and the first half of 2018. For the quarter, we again delivered strong double-digit revenue growth which was broad based across all dimensions of our business. We continued to go ahead of the market and are clearly gaining significant market share.  I am positively pleased with our record new bookings. The very strong demand we are seeing especially in digital, cloud and security, demonstrate that we continue to provide clients with highly differentiated and relevant services. Here are a few highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date.  We delivered excellent new booking of $10.3 billion for the quarter and 20.2 billion for the first half. We grew revenues 10% in local currency for both the quarter and year-to-date. We delivered outstanding earnings per share for the quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, 19% increase and for the first half EPS grew 16% on an adjusted basis.  Operating margin was 13.4% for the quarter and 14.5% for the first half, a contraction of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated very strong free cash flow of $791 million for the quarter and nearly 1.7 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including $2.2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, which will bring total dividend payment for the year to $2.66 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So as we move in the second half of 2018 I feel very good about the momentum in our business. We are raising our business outlook for revenues, earning per share and free cash flow, and I am confident in our ability to deliver another strong year.  Now let me hand over to David, who will review the number in greater detail. David over to you. 
David Rowland: Thank you Pierre and thanks all of you for taking the time to join us all in today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our financial results in the second quarter, which put us on a strong trajectory to exceed the net revenue, EPS and cash flow guidance provided at the beginning of the year.  Once again our results this quarter reflect broad based momentum across every dimension of our business and reinforce our relevance and differentiation as the market leader in innovating and leading (inaudible). Before I get in to the details of the quarter, let me summarize the major headlines of our results. Continued strong topline growth was the first major headline with net revenues increasing almost $1.3 billion, reflecting growth of 10% in local currency. The overall theme of broad based growth was evident again this quarter with strong growth across all five operating groups and all three geographic areas with double-digit growth in three operating groups and in both Europe and the growth markets.  Growth continues to significantly outpace the market, driven by strong double-digit growth in all three components avenue including digital, cloud and security related services. As a second major headline, we delivered EPS in the quarter of $1.58 on an adjusted basis, reflecting 19% growth over last year. This level of EPS growth was driven primarily by 13% growth in our operating income.  At the same time, operating margin of 13.4% decreased 30 basis points compared with quarter two of last year. Our operating margin primarily reflects the impact of lower profitability in H&PS, as well as the impact of the record level of investments made in fiscal ‘17 to acquire critical skills and capabilities in high growth areas of our business. We do expect operating margin expansion in the second half of the year, and I’ll come back to that in our business outlook.  The third major headline relates to outstanding cash flow in the quarter of $791 million, resulting in 1.7 billion on a year-to-date basis, which puts us on a very strong trajectory for the full year. For the first half of the year, we continue to execute against our strategic capital allocation objectives first by investing over $340 million primarily attributed to five transactions and second by returning roughly $2.2 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. With that said, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.3 billion for the quarter, representing a record high in our third consecutive quarter with bookings of 10 billion or more. Our consulting bookings were 5.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1 and outsourcing bookings were 4.6 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0.  Bookings continue to be well balanced across the dimensions of our business and the dominant driver of our bookings in the quarter continue to be high demand for digital, cloud and security related services which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings.  Looking now at revenue; net revenues for the quarter were $9.6 billion, an increase of 15% in USD and 10% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 5.5% compared to the 4.5% impact provided last quarter. This result was approximately $95 million above the upper end of our FX adjusted range.  Our consulting revenues for the quarter were 5.2 billion up 17% in USD and 11% in local currency, and our outsourcing revenues were 4.4 billion, up 13% in USD and 8% in local currency.  Looking at the trend and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by application services which posted double digit growth, driven by strong demand in application development services to deploy new technologies. Operations grew high single-digits and strategy and consulting services combined grew mid-single digits.  And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to deliver strong double digit growth in digital, cloud and security related services by leveraging the significant investments we’ve made in recent years to build highly differentiated capabilities.  Taking a closer look at our operating groups, communications, media and technology led all operating groups with 15% growth in local currency. Continued momentum was driven by double-digit growth in both software and platforms in communications and media as well as double-digit growth across all geographies.  Resources grew 11% in the quarter, driven by strong double-digit growth in chemicals and natural resources and further improvement in energy which posted strong growth. We were pleased with the strong balanced growth across all three geographies and resources.  Products delivered 10% growth in the quarter, representing its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth which is an incredible accomplishment. Growth was led by strong double-digit growth in industrial and strong growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services. Europe and growth markets both grew double digits reflecting continued strong demand for our services.  Financial services grew 7% in local currency, reflecting strong balanced growth in both bank in the capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies including double-digit growth in the growth markets. And finally, H&PS grew 6% with relatively balanced growth in both health and public service, led by double digit growth in Europe and the growth markets and solid growth in North America.  Moving down the income statement; gross margin for the quarter was 29.7% compared to 30.1% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.4% compared to 10.5% for the second quarter last year and general and administrative expense was 5.9% consistent with the same quarter last year.  Operating income was $1.3 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.4% operating margin, a decrease of 30 basis points compared to quarter two last year.  Before I continue with the other metrics, I’d like to highlight that this quarter we recognized a provisional tax expense of $137 million primarily to re-measure our net deferred tax assets at the new lower tax rates. This expense increased our quarter two tax rate by 11% and decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.21. The following adjusted results exclude this impact.  Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 15.1% compared to an effective tax rate of 20.7% for the second quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.58 compared to EPS of $1.33 in the second quarter last year, and again this reflects a 19% year-over-year increase. Our day services outstanding were 40 days compared to 43 days last quarter and 42 in the second quarter of last year.  Our free cash flow for the quarter was $791 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of 924 million, net of property and equipment additions of 133 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $3.6 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in the second quarter we repurchased or redeemed 5.2 million shares for 804 million at an average price of $1.55 $0.30 per share. At February 28, we had approximately 2.1 billion of shares repurchase authority remaining.  And as Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $1.33 per share, representing a 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May last year. This dividend will be paid on May 15, 2018. So at the half way point of fiscal ‘18, we’ve delivered very strong results and are very well positioned for the remainder of the year.  Now let me turn it back to Pierre. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our excellent performance in the second quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we have the right growth strategy and that we are executing extremely well. With cent percent revenue growth in local trends in the first half, we continue to grow much higher than the market and indeed we have outperformed our basket of competitor for now 16 consecutive quarters for years.  Our strong and durable performance, reflects our ability to rapidly scale our market leading position in the new digital, cloud and security services, and for the first half, revenues from the [new] were nearly $11 billion more than 55% of total revenues and continued to grow at a very strong double-digit rate.  The accelerated rotation of our business reflect the significant investment we have made over the last few years including record investments last year in strategic acquisitions in building assets and solution and in hiring and developing the most relevant talent. Let me [bring] to light in two key parts of our business, Accenture Interactive and Accenture Security.  With Accenture interactive, we are scaling to further strengthen our leadership position. And for the last two years, we are recognized at Advertising Age as the world’s largest provider of digital marketing services. Just this month, Walt Disney Studios named Accenture Interactive along with Fjord, an innovation partner for its new StudioLAB.  With our (inaudible) strategy, design and technology, along with our deep industry experience and the applied R&D capabilities of Accenture labs, we are helping Disney to apply emerging technologies, immersive entertainment, artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things to create the future of entertainment, and we continue to invest in Accenture Interactive to enhance our capabilities and market differentiation, including four acquisitions we made in the Mackevision, a leading producer of 3D and immersive content in Germany; Altima, a French digital commerce agency; Rothco, a creative agency in Ireland; and MATTER, a design and innovation firm in the US.  We’re also rapidly scaling Accenture Security. Less than three years ago, we committed to building a market-leading, cyber security business to help clients become more resilient to cyber threats. Today, Accenture Security is one of the largest providers in the market approaching $2 billion in annual revenues.  Our security business benefit significantly from Accenture’s global scale, and we tailor industry specific solutions across the full range of security services including identity and access management, cyber defense, managed security and strategic and risk. We are helping leading insurance company transform its cyber defense with an advanced threat incident response program, including automation and training for their people which has dramatically reduced the time to detect and respond to [service].  Accenture has a unique ability to scale the new, with the breadth and scope of service we provide end-to-end from strategy and consulting to digital technology and operations together with outdating the expertise. We are positioned at the call of our clients’ largest transformation programs. We are working with the LG Company on the global transformation program with SAP S/4HANA designed to streamline manufacturing and supply chain processes, gain real-time customer insight to improve decision making and accelerate innovation to drive growth. And we continue to work with clients on mission critical integrations.  We helped DBS Bank, the largest bank in Southeast Asia with a successful positive merger integration of the wealth management and retail banking businesses acquired from ANZ Bank in five key markets including Indonesia, Taiwan and Singapore.  Now turning to the geographic dimension of our business; I am particularly pleased that we continue to deploy our capabilities in the new, at scale, in the largest markets around the world. In North America, we delivered 8% growth in local currency led by another uptick in growth in the United States.  In Europe, we had another quarter of double-digit growth with 10% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Spain. And I’m especially pleased that given our significant market share gains over the last few years in Europe, we are now positioned as the market leader. And we delivered another excellent quarter in growth market with 15% revenue growth in local currency.  Japan again led the way with very strong double-digit growth, but we had double-digit growth as well in Australia, Brazil and Singapore. Before I turn it back to David, I want to say a few words about innovation and how we are building scale through continued investment in our unique innovation architecture which integrates our capabilities from research, ventures and labs to studio, innovation centers and delivery centers to bring even more innovation to clients, appeal the global network of more than 100 world class centers where we collaborate with clients and co-create innovative digital solutions, and by extending this network to be even closer to clients.  In the last few months, we opened new innovation hubs in Zurich, Tokyo, Boston and Columbus. We launched a new Liquid Studio in Madrid, and we opened our new industrial IoT innovation center in Modena, Italy.  Quite simply innovation is at the heart of everything we do at Accenture, and we will continue to invest not only to scale our current capability in the new, but also to anticipate the next wave of technology and business disruptions to keep Accenture ahead of the curve in the new. So with that I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ’18, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $9.9 billion to $10.15 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about 5.5%, compared to the third quarter of fiscal ‘17, and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth local currency.  For the full fiscal year ‘18, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in US dollar will be 4% compared to fiscal ‘17. For the full fiscal ‘18, we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 7% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘17. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘18 to be 14.8%, consistent with adjusted fiscal ‘17 results. This assumes approximately 20 basis points of expansion in the second half of the year.  We expect our GAAP annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 26%. Excluding the impact of the US tax law changes, we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. For earnings per share, we expect our GAAP diluted EPS for fiscal ‘18 to be in the range of $6.40 to $6.49.  Excluding the change related to US tax law changes, we now expect full year diluted EPS to be in the range of $6.61 to $6.70 or 12% to 13% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘17 results. For the full fiscal ‘18, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5.2 billion to $5.5 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately 600 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion.  Finally, we continue to expect to return at least 4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders.  With that, let’s open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Karen, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be from Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Very strong (inaudible) growth, obviously it looks like it might be coming in at a slightly higher cost. Maybe what surprised you exactly on the margin front? I think you mentioned H&PS, can you elaborate there? We figured maybe contract profitability or use of subcontractors as I may have missed it. If you could elaborate that would be great.
David Rowland: Yes, on H&PS there are really two set of things at play; first of all, we had a decline in profitability that was primarily driven by lower contract profitability on a few large contracts, and some of that relates to renewals at lower level of profitability that may have been previously contracted out.  And then secondly in the mix for H&PS are higher acquisition-related costs for a number of acquisitions that we’ve done over the trailing four quarters. So those are really the two factors in H&PS, our leadership team is very focused on the profit agenda in H&PS and we do expect H&PS’s profit to improve in the second half of the year. But in the quarter, those were the two primary drivers.
Tien-tsin Huang: Right. So I guess as my follow-up and just a follow-up too on the confidence in the margin expansion in the second (inaudible), and more importantly any reason why Accenture can’t return to the typical 10 to 30 bps that we’ve seen for so long here? It sounds like you can address those contract issues but anything else to (inaudible)?
David Rowland: What I would say is; stating the obvious; this year’s guidance at 14.8 is in the context of this year. It in no way signals anything about what our ability is on an ongoing basis to deliver modest margin expansion. And while as you know, I’m not going to provide specific guidance, I do feel comfortable saying in general terms that our strategic objective to overtime expand our margins modestly in the 10 basis points to 30 basis point range remains intact. There isn’t anything about this year that changes our view on that.
Operator: Next question is from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: I wanted to ask about consulting, it seems like the new is driving a lot of the consulting work. Can you talk about the growth rate there and also about the conversation rate into more steady business, is that about the same or has it changed since prior years?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, indeed, our consulting business as you’ve seen has become stronger and stronger and you’ve seen specially we are really pleased with the bookings we see in our consulting business. The rotation to the new [easy] factor explaining that we are gaining more consulting business but as well the rotation to the new is consulting as well, creating a ripple affect with the rest of Accenture. So it has a good contribution in the full range of our services, from strategy to consulting, digital and technology, and as well operations.  So the new is really impacting across the board, but we see a very positive impact in our strategy and consulting business as well as in system integration. Bookings are very strong, and if bookings are very strong, it’s because we have a good win and conversation rate.
David Rowland: And I’ll just add one point to what Pierre said I think an important insight in the mix of consulting is a very strong market in our platform business. You when we talk about our platform business, we’re talking about SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, and Workday primarily, and that part of our business is growing very well. There is definitely a lot of market activity around next generation ERP, and we’re benefiting from that in our consulting business.  And as Pierre said the conversion rate - with stronger growth in consulting, those projects on average tend to be shorter in duration, so bookings do tend to convert to revenue at a faster rate.
Joseph Foresi: And it looks like the business outside of the new is improving a little bit. Can you talk about that and any comments on your strategy or your strategy in the business outside of the new? 
Pierre Nanterme: Good question. Now we could say the new is the business of Accenture. So I think we will continue to talk about (inaudible) to the new, because what we believe at Accenture is the wave of this new emerging disruptive technology will continue to come in at an incredible pace. That’s why we continue to talk about the new, because today we’ve been talking a lot about interactive mobility, analytics, and cloud security.  We know to some extent the next new, if I could use that language is coming fast in terms of immersive realities, blockchain, even quantum gate and other technologies. So the new is Accenture, now the remaining core is pretty solid and we are pleased with that because frankly we have invested as well to continue modernizing the core.  So we didn’t play defense, which is something we don’t like to do at Accenture frankly, but we played the attack by modernizing our core business, and I’m thinking about what we’ve been doing in terms of bringing a lot of [robotic] automations in our services in terms of application outsourcing, in terms of business process services.  So, we improve and increase the competitiveness of our services vis-à-vis of our clients, and by the way it does reflect in the good growth we had in technology and operations. So we don’t let the core down, we invest in the core, we pay interest tax, we modernize, and we continue to be a very stronger player and leader in the core.
Operator: Next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Just wanted to ask about the tax rate; I know the tax rate was lower, I think it was 15.1% for the quarter. But you kind of reiterated the guidance for the year at [20] to 24. I think that implies a second half tax rate that’s higher, maybe 27% to 28%. So post tax reform, just thinking is that a newer, higher tax rate going forward, just thinking about tax?
David Rowland: Our tax rate is lumpy by quarter. The tax rate in any particular quarter is essentially driven by four things, it’s driven by the geographic mix, it’s driven by the change in reserves, it’s driven by final determinations, and it’s also driven by the tax impact of equity compensation. So for example, if you look at the second quarter, the second quarter typically has a structurally lower tax rate, the lowest of the four quarters, primarily because of the equity compensation, and the fact that the equity compensation is primarily granted on January 1.  And as you know when our stock is appreciating as it has been, and the stock price is higher when it was initially granted as opposed to the [best] date, then we get a tax benefit from that, which is what we see, for example in the second quarter of this year. So, do not read anything into the implied tax rate for the second half of the year or quarter three or quarter four. I would focus more on the annual tax rate and recognize that in any given year our tax rate is lumpy by quarter for any number of reasons.
Bryan Keane: And then just a quick follow-up on tax rate, I know in the Q, I think it talked about the effective tax rate could go up 3.5 points in fiscal year ‘19 due to the adoption of the FAS-B, I think it’s the intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. Just curious if we should just expect going forward a higher tax rate as well? And then just a quick question on the operations group, it just moderated a tad from its consistent double-digit growth. Just wanted to make sure there wasn’t anything implied on that slower growth rate going forward? 
David Rowland: You are a student of tax when you get into that question. So we did disclose the ASU that you referenced in our K. And in that disclosure, we commented on a potential impact of up to 3.5 percentage points. I think I might have also called out, at that time, that that is an impact in isolation, but as always there are other things that impact our tax rate including tax planning.  Also you’re asking about ’19, in the case of ‘19, you’re aware that the base erosion tax kicks in, but it kicks in at a lower level than it does in ‘20. So there are a lot of things in the mix in ‘19. Again I’m not going to comment specifically on guidance, but I will say that, as we sit now subject to change as we continue to evaluate our tax situation, we don’t see a material change in our tax rate in ‘19 from the adjusted guidance that we’re providing this year. And I’ll update that in September, but that’s our current view.
Bryan Keane: Okay, helpful. I’ll turn it over. I just was asking really quick on the operations group. It had been double-digits consistently, and then it’s just high-single digits now, so just wanted to see if there is any [color]. But thanks, congrats on the quarter.
Pierre Nanterme: I’m going to give a quick one. No change.
David Rowland: No change on operations. 
Operator: Next question is from Brian Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Wanted to ask on the local currency revenue guide range for the year, relative to the strong 10% first half of performance, anything you’re seeing now in the second if it wouldn’t leave you more bullish for the full year range?
David Rowland: One thing is that the inorganic contribution will be incrementally lower in the second half of the year. That’s in the mix, but other than that, there is not anything specifically. As you know, I think everyone knows is that we work very hard to land towards the upper end of the range, and we feel very good about our business as we turn the page to the second half of the year. We feel great about our pipeline, we expect to have another good bookings quarter in the third quarter, and we’re going to work hard every day to try to land at the upper end of the range, and that would be a good result.
Bryan Bergin: Can you comment on where that inorganic was for the quarter, and then on the interactive business, we’ve seen the challenges demonstrated by the traditional agencies with market spend evolving. What do you think is the biggest difference in your model that’s enabling your stronger relative growth?
David Rowland: I’ll comment briefly on inorganic and then I’ll I’m going to let Pierre pick up on the second. Previously we had said 2.5% to 3% for inorganic, and I would say now we’re looking at more like 2.5%. So really its 2.5% for the year, I’m referring to.
Pierre Nanterme: On Accenture Interactive, and I clearly understand your question. When you look in the typical business of the agency, there are things we’re competing against and things we’re not doing at all. And the things we are not doing at all is all in this buying business you have in the agencies and this business is trending down significantly, as we all know. So we are not in this typical part of the business. Where we are focused on is clearly the high growth part of this digital marketing environment, where what we are calling brand meets creativity enabled by technology. This is the sweet spot we decided to invest in and we benefit from the investment.  Second is, we are certainly one of the very few, if not unique to provide a full range of services against our mentality of end-to-end from design to production services to commerce services to analytic services, and now, we’re launching intelligent marketing services. So we have this full range of technologies from experience to enabling the customer to want magic of marketing in digital as well with the physical experience, what we’re now calling the physical, the combination of physical and digital.  And three, it’s just the leverage of the full scale and footprint of Accenture. Just bear in mind, we are among the very few if you compare to any of our competitors to operate in more than 50 markets or 50 countries. We are covering more than 15 industries, I guess, 19. So when you look at the depths and breadths of our footprint, we have the opportunity to grow in much more industries and in much more markets, bringing these end-to-end capabilities, highly differentiated, and targeted in high growth areas.  Proof-point, take Fjord as an illustration, we acquired now three or four years ago with around 150 people, maybe 160. Now, they are more than a 1.000 people creating the largest experience agency in the world. This is the leverage which is provided by Accenture, and this leverage opportunity is absolutely second to none in the marketplace.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: I was wondering if first of all, if I could dig into your conversation with Tien-tsin, just on Health & Public Services, these contracts that were signed at lower profitability rates. Is there anything in the quarter that was maybe one-time in nature in terms of upfront costs that give you confidence in better profitability on a run rate basis or maybe a little bit of color on those, just to give us confidence in margin expansion going forward?
David Rowland: I don’t think there’s not anything one-time in nature that would be appropriate to call out on this call. In a big operating group, there are a lot of things in the mix. And I would tell you that we have a very, very strong leadership team led by Dan London and our H&PS operating group and they are very diligently focusing on both driving the strategy and growth agenda, but also our profitability agenda.  And I have confidence the trajectory for H&PS in the second half of the year is going to be a positive trajectory. They are working all levers that we normally focus on, which is everything from our pricing to our cost of delivery, through to the efficiency and effectiveness of our sales and marketing costs, our investments, etcetera. And I think they’ve got the levers at their disposal to navigate an improving trajectory.
Brian Essex: Got it, that’s helpful. And then maybe on the financial services, you continue to outpace your peers with some pretty strong constant currency growth there. Looks like a more European focus. Maybe a little bit of color in terms of conversations that you’re having with your customers’ budget outlook for the remainder of the year and an outlook for ongoing strong growth in that segment?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, of course. Frankly, financial services by and large if you look this (inaudible) has been strong. It is an industry, despite all of the value effects around that industry. It’s an industry which is still investing a lot in technology because financial services is all about tech. And they have to invest if they want to stay relevant.  Now, you have some very specific areas of growth. I’m thinking about risk and regulatory management. You know what’s happening in financial services, there’s a lot on regulatory requirements across the world, especially in Europe, we have to do the paddle (inaudible). In insurance, the severance in capital market, they have their own regulation as well, and then you have all the risk management which is a very hot place in financial services for all the reasons we know.  So it’s creating a significant market, so all what we could, we are calling (inaudible), risk and regulatory management. Of course the other part is always related to omni-channel management. In financial services and in banking, you need now to have an omni-channel architecture with your physical branches, where you’re adding your digital capabilities. And all of this should create a seamless customer experience.  All of this has to be built, so you need a lot of strategic work to create this experience architecture, and then you need to build the digital platforms and all the new related processes. And maybe three, is data; financial services is an industry where you’re mining tons of data, tons of information. And all this concept for the banks, mining their own data, I’m talking about the data of the banks to find new business models that could create value is very (inaudible).  So the activity there, you mentioned Europe rightfully, because in Europe, it’s true in the US, but it’s very true in Europe, the retail businesses is pretty depressed because the interest rates are pretty low. So, when your interest rates are pretty low, you’re not delivering the same profit in your core business, the retail business. So you need to do something in order to uplift your growth and improve our market.  So the financial services is under pressure, but again it’s like the other businesses. They’re under pressure, so they are looking for new capabilities, new business models, and this is where we position those services.
Operator: Next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: It sounds like he had a bad connection, do you want to go to the next one, are you hearing me better now or --? Darrin we cannot hear you actually, you’re breaking up on us. 
Angie Park: Karen, why don’t we go to the next caller, please?
Operator: The next question comes from David Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: My first question is just the other expense line, the 44 million or so in Q2, how is that supposed to look in the future and what exactly is that again?
David Rowland: That is primarily FX (inaudible), essentially what is driving that this year. We have two types of hedging we do; we hedge certain balance sheet items to hedge against intercompany movement of cash and transactions, and then the other hedging program of course is on our GDN. But there are some balance sheet items we don’t hedge. So some of those are unhedged losses, if you will.  But then even for our hedging programs, at times the hedging programs can result in hedging gains or losses below operating income. So that’s all in the mix. The simple answer is, it’s all related to hedging losses this quarter and that can vary quarter-to-quarter. And so all that’s accounted for the important point in our EPS guidance.
David Koning: And then just one follow-up, the acquisition spending the last two quarters has been less than it had been in several prior quarters. Is there any expectation that that kind of ramps back up in the back half?
David Rowland: We think it will be stronger in the back half of the year, but we think we could land a bit lower than $1 billion for the full year.
Operator: Next question comes from Arvind Ramnani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Arvind Ramnani: Can you talk about the nature of conversations on some of the new areas, such as AI and blockchain, including the scope and size of these projects?
Pierre Nanterme: As I’ve said before particularly at Accenture, it’s called the new and the [nu-new]. And I encourage all of you and I will mention that in a few minutes to participate with the idea, because we will reveal a lot about the nu-new and what’s next. So I’m going to give to you some flavor on the blockchain, on the artificial intelligence.  On the blockchain, there are more and more projects, and again, what we see is we’re starting to move from typical prototypes and proof-of-concept to [famous book] to projects starting to get some scale. We’re not yet there and I think we’re starting to see what’s most important with blockchain. What are the relevant areas where blockchain could create value? And that’s what we’re doing in our labs. This is what we’re doing with cool innovation with our partners.  And when you have a new technology, the big question is how you create business and value out of this new tech. This is what we’re doing currently with the accounts of several banks in Singapore. So it can do banking arrangement, where we see lots of application of blockchain. Capital markets as well. This is what we’re doing with the exchange in Australia. Very recently, we announced new opportunities in the shipping industry with a subsidiary of St Maarten CGM, which is one of the largest shipping company in the world. In the contract management, we see the payments, we see the transaction exchange, and we see a lot around document and contract management. At first we’re starting to explore is as well around tracking and food security or security in tracking the supply chain. So payment, transaction exchange, contract management, tracking of the supply chain, these are four applied opportunities on the blockchain.  On artificial intelligence, probably it would take two days to mention all of the opportunities we see in applying the artificial intelligence across the globe. Clearly, the way we look at it, because we are absolutely obsessed with applying technology to create value. I’m not using a data, the kind of (inaudible) thing, where at the end of the day you don’t know exactly what to do with it. So that’s why we call applied intelligence and not artificial intelligence unit, and pushing our people to deliver value to clients with the italics.  Today, we are really focusing on analytics, plus machine learning, and then you’re putting the growing mix of artificial intelligence on top of it. It’s playing a lot with data, it’s playing a lot in the manufacturing industry, where now you have tons of sensors where you can mine the data and do things such as predicting investments, just to mention one of not just application, but we see a lot of artificial intelligence in the predictive business, massive application in healthcare and life science.  Couldn’t be more pleased with the partnership we made with Roche in cancer research, when we’re working on the app, which is called a Tumor Board, where we are integrating machine learning and algorithmic artificial intelligence to improve cancer diagnosis and recommendations for the patient.  I can speak forever, but I think we don’t have time, Angie.
Arvind Ramnani: It was very helpful. Just a quick follow-up, when you think of this nu-new, which encloses blockchain and AI, is the compositional work different? Do you have a higher mix of product based solutions or do you have a higher mix of consulting, how is the nature of your work different than the other stuff that you guys do?
Pierre Nanterme: It’s always the same. When you’re starting something new, it’s rich if you will in terms of services, in terms of strategy, consulting, and high-end tech. That’s the way you start. And when these new businesses are starting to mature in the (inaudible) if you will, then you add in more of the delivery services, more of the operations services coming behind.  Take security services, for instance, we started with security strategy, identity, cyber threats, and we added managed security services. So, the nu-new is clearly more around the high-end tech, high-end consulting to bring the industry expertise, and this is what we see with to mention the three nu-new as you will know more again by the idea, I’m doing a bit of advertising for the (inaudible) around immersive realities, blockchain technologies, and artificial intelligence and security services. So it’s more on the consulting like high-end tech.
Operator: Next question comes from Rod Bourgeois with DeepDive Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: A couple of questions on the margins, congrats on the revenue side. What’s the trend in contract profitability in both consulting and outsourcing outside of the H&PS vertical?
David Rowland: Sequentially the trend is an improvement, and we expect sequentially the trend to continue to improve throughout the rest of the year. We’re always focused on contract profitability. No matter what the result, we always want it to be better than it was, and that is certainly true in the second quarter. But sequentially it was a moderately improving trend.
Rod Bourgeois: Got it, and then can you give us David, a little more color on the puts and takes on your margin performance in the first half of the year. I’m specifically interested in the year-over-year impact of acquisition related cost? But you’ve also got bonus accrual and pricing and other factors. Can you call out any significant changes year-to-year on those trends?
David Rowland: Purely in the context of if you laid our first half results last year side-by-side with the first half results this year, really the two big impacts, and we always start with our segments. But the first big impact is H&PS, and if you look at H&PS and if you were to look at the rest of the Accenture business absent H&PS, in the first half of the year, absent H&PS, the rest of the Accenture business was flat in the first half of the year.  On the other hand, if you look at our inorganic and if you were to look at the impact of inorganic in the P&L and you look at the side-by-side, the underlying business or, let’s say the organic part of Accenture, the margins would’ve expanded significantly in the first half of the year. And of course, that is our whole model is to expand the underlying profitability in order to absorb investments. And, for the full year, delivering consistent operating margins is a reflection of that.
Rod Bourgeois: Got it. So absent acquisitions, your margin expanded. And then on top of that, is there some added cost in the system because your growth accelerated? Is that an added cost or how do you look at that in terms of its impact?
David Rowland: Not really. Our business is growing rapidly and we’re constantly in the talent market, bringing people on board. Maybe there’s a little friction cost there, but it’s just normal business. That’s all within the space of our normal supply chain management and hiring activities.
Angie Park: Hey, Karen, we have time for one more question, and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: The last question will be from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Just maybe one more on H&PS, I just wanted to get a better understanding of what changed in the last quarter, because I know you talked about some renewals and then you talked about impact of acquisitions over the last 12 months. Those just sound like factors that we would’ve been aware of maybe a quarter ago that there were some pending renewals as well as the deals that were already done. So maybe can you just walk us through what kind of changed as far as the underlying assumptions there that led us to where we are on the new outlook for full year margins?
David Rowland: Nothing materially changed for H&PS. The explanation of H&PS is in the context of a year-over-year comparison in the context of what we had expected this year. We had expected H&PS’s profitability to be lower, and it’s in the range of what we had expected.  Our change in margin outlook for the year is really a reflection of a conscious decision we’re making to create the right capacity to continue making investments in our business this year in order to continue to execute our strategy, and to do that while, at the same time, generating significant returns to our shareholders with strong market leading revenue growth, double-digit EPS growth, and strong market leading cash flow generation.  So, everything is in the context of driving significant value to our shareholders and having the right investment capacity to position our business for the long run.
Jason Kupferberg: And then just quickly for my follow-up, are there any more renewals than average across your business that you see during the balance of fiscal ‘18? I know the pace of renewals can obviously vary quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. But is fiscal ‘18 a particularly high renewal year or no?
David Rowland: No. I don’t think anything unusual in that regard.
Pierre Nanterme: Alright. It’s time to wrap up, and thanks again for joining us today on this call. Just in closing, clearly we a strong momentum in our business, our market leading position in the new, we feel very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and delivering value for our clients, our people, and our shareholders.  We really look forward to talking with you again next quarter, and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference, I mentioned many times in that call, in New York on April 25. In the meantime, if you have any questions or calls, please feel free to connect and call Angie and the team. All the best, talk to you soon and see you in New York.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today through June 28. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 444873. International participants, dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 444873.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-12-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Moshe Katri - Wedbush Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley David Grossman - Stifel Financial
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. Your hosting speaker today, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Kevin. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter and I am extremely pleased with our results. We delivered strong and broad-based revenue growth across all dimensions of our business and gained significant market share once again. Our strategy continues to different Accenture in the marketplace and we are seeing very strong demand for our services, particularly in digital, cloud and security. Here are few highlights for the quarter. We delivered very strong new bookings of $10 billion. We generated revenues of was $9.5 billion with 10% growth in local currency. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $1.79, a 13% increase. Operating margin was 15.6%, consistent with the first quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow of nearly $900 million and we returned more than $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So, we are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2018 and I feel very good about the continued momentum in our business. Now, let me handover to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you and thanks so much for joining us on today’s call. Building further on Pierre’s comments, we were very pleased with our quarter one results which positioned us well to achieve our full year business outlook, especially as it relates to our strong and broad-based top-line growth. Once again, these results demonstrate the durability and resiliency of our growth model and the high degree of relevance and differentiation of our capabilities in the marketplace. Before I get into the details of the quarter, let me summarize a few of the important highlights. Starting with net revenues. We expanded our business by approximately $1 billion in the quarter, with 10% growth in local currency. The diversity and durability of our growth model was evident with strong and extremely well-balanced growth across all five operating groups and all three geographic areas, with double-digit growth in four operating groups in both Europe and Growth Markets. Strong double-digit growth in digital, cloud and security continued to be the dominant driver of our growth, and it was pervasive across the business. And we estimate that our 10% growth significantly outpaced the market as we continue to gain share and strengthen our position as a leader in the new. With respect to our profitability. Our operating margin of 15.6% in the quarter was consistent with quarter one of last year, and continues to reflect the significant level of investment in our business. And we delivered very strong EPS of a $1.79, which was up 13% compared to last year. Looking at cash generation and capital allocation. Our free cash flow of $872 million in the quarter was consistent with our expectations and supports our ongoing objective to invest in our business while returning significant cash to our shareholders. We invested roughly $130 million, primarily attributed to two acquisitions, and returned approximately $1.4 billion in share repurchases and dividends. And we continue to expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in acquisitions during fiscal 2018. With that said, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10 billion for the quarter, reflecting 19% growth in local currency over last year. Our consulting bookings were $5.9 billion with the book-to-bill of 1.1 and represented an all-time high. Outsourcing bookings were $4 billion with the book-to-bill of 0.9. Once again, our new bookings were well-balanced across the business and we were especially pleased with strong bookings in North America and overall in our strategy and consulting business combined. Strong demand continued for digital, cloud and security, which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings. It’s also noteworthy that we had 13 clients with new bookings in excess of $100 million in the quarter. Now turning to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $9.5 billion, a 12% increase in USD and 10% local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange tailwind of roughly 2%. Our net revenues were $170 million above the upper end of our previously guided range, as a result of stronger than expected performance across every dimension of our business. The consulting revenues for the quarter were $5.2 billion, up 13% in USD and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.3 billion, up 11% in USD and 9% in local currency. Looking at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions. Growth was led by application services and operations which both posted double-digit growth. We also saw an uptick in strategy and consulting services combined, which grew mid single digits. And as I mentioned earlier, we continued to deliver strong double-digit growth in digital cloud and security by leveraging the significant investments we’ve made in recent years to build highly differentiated capabilities. Looking at our operating groups, financial services led this quarter with 11% growth in local currency, reflecting strong growth in both banking and capital markets and insurance. Growth was strong across all three geographies including double-digit growth in Europe and the Growth Markets. Communications, media and technology grew 10% in the quarter, representing their strongest growth rate in seven quarters, driven by continued strong double-digit growth in software platforms, and we delivered double-digit growth in both North America and the Growth Markets, and we’re particularly pleased with the return to strong growth in Europe. Products delivered its 10th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth with 10% growth, led by double-digit growth in consumer goods, retail and travel services as well as industrial. We continue to see strong demand for our services in Europe and the Growth Markets, both of which grew double digits. Resources built further on the momentum established in the second half of last year and delivered a strong quarter at 10% growth. The highlight of the quarter continued to be strong double-digit growth in chemicals and natural resources, and we were also pleased with continued signs of stabilization in energy, resulting in positive growth in the quarter. Finally, H&PS grew 8%, reflecting significant improvement over growth rates in fiscal 2017. We saw strong growth in both health and public service, led by double-digit growth in both Europe and the Growth Markets, and strong growth in North America. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.1%, consistent with the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% compared with 10.4% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 5.9% compared to 6% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.5 billion for the first quarter, reflecting 15.6% operating margin, consistent with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.5% compared with an effective tax rate of 20.4% for the first quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.79 compared with EPS of $1.58 in the first quarter last year, and again, this reflects a 13% year-over-year increase. Days services outstanding were 43 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 44 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $872 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1 billion net of property and equipment additions of a $133 million. Our cash balance at November 30th was $3.7 billion compared with $4.1 billion at August 31st. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 4 million shares for $563 million at an average price of $139.69 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately $2.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share for a total of $854 million. This represented a $0.12 per share or 10% increase of dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we’re very pleased with our quarter one results and we’re off to a good start in fiscal 2018. Now, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our very strong results in the first quarter demonstrate that we continue to execute our strategy very well and are clearly benefited from the substantial investments we have made to build differentiated services and further enhance our competitiveness. I am especially pleased with our continued rotation to the new digital, cloud and security, which again grew at a very strong double-digit rate this quarter. We have been particularly successful with Accenture Digital, nearly tripling the annual revenue from this business since we launched it four years ago. And we have expanded our capabilities to help our clients with their digital transformations. Now, given the increasing importance of artificial intelligence, automation, machine learning and other innovative technologies, we are evolving Accenture Digital to be even more relevant to our clients and drive even greater differentiation in the marketplace. Going forward, Accenture Digital will be focused on three big areas, Accenture Interactive; Accenture Industry X.0; and Accenture Applied Intelligence. Let me bring this to life for you. We’ll start Accenture Interactive, which is all about serving the CMO and the marketing function, helping the world’s leading brands transform the customer experience. We are working with Maserati to do just that across all of its channels, leveraging our expertise in data-driven marketing, digital analytics, and creative services. We are also strengthening our end-to-end marketing capabilities for CMOs by investing to scale intelligent marketing operations. This capability, which is part of Accenture operations combines platforms, analytics and artificial intelligence to run marketing campaigns as a seamless managed service. Second, Accenture Industry X.0 focuses on the digital reinvention of manufacturing and production, helping clients create smart, connected products and services, using advanced technologies including the Internet of Things, connected devices, and digital platform. A great example is that we are partnering with Schneider Electric to create a Digital Services Factory to build and scale new services in predictive maintenance, asset monitoring, and energy optimization. By combining real time analytics with collected technologies on an IoT platform, we are helping anticipate customer needs and reducing the time to launch new services at scale by 80%. And to give our clients hands-on experience, we are opening industrial IoT innovation centers including one near Munich where we’re working with clients to design and prototype digital solutions that will improve engineering, manufacturing and production. We plan to open new centers soon in the U.S. and Asia. The third area, Accenture Applied Intelligence brings together the capability to building advanced analytics and artificial intelligence. Increasingly, we are embedding artificial intelligence into the core of our clients’ businesses across every function and process. And given our technology independence, Accenture holds a unique position in the tech ecosystem. And we are working with all the leading providers of artificial intelligence technologies including Microsoft, SAP, Google and Amazon to bring the best solutions to our clients. We are working with a leading European insurance company to use analytics and artificial intelligence to understand what their customers want and deliver a personalized experience. Our solution across marketing, claims processing and customer service is enhancing customer loyalty and making a significant bottom-line impact. We also continue to invest in this area with our acquisition of Search Technologies to expand our expertise in big data and enterprise search; and our investment in Pactera [ph] which helps companies generate value from data more quickly. Of course, we continue to work with clients on their largest and most complex transformation programs, delivering services end-to-end across our five businesses to drive business outcomes. With Marriott International, we are working at the heart of one of their most important business imperatives, the integration of Starwood, including the massive data migration. We’re also leveraging key elements of our innovation architecture to help Marriott achieve its goal to enhance the travel experience and accelerate growth. And today, we are very proud to be a flagship innovation partner for Marriott. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I am very pleased that we delivered strong revenue growth in all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 7% growth in local currency, driven by the United States. In Europe, we had another excellent quarter with growth of 11% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Germany, France and Italy as well as high single-digit growth in Spain. And I am extremely pleased with our development in growth markets where we delivered 16% growth in local currency, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Singapore and Brazil. Before I turn it back to David, I want to mention that the digital capabilities we’ve built along with our highly differentiated talent in the new are absolutely key to the successful execution of our strategy. That is why I am pleased we continue receive recognition by industry analysts in key areas ranging from the strength of our execution capabilities in digital strategy and consulting to our digital experience services in design, content and co-innovation, and for our overall market leadership in digital services. I am also pleased Accenture was recognized by Fortune as a company changing the world and by JUST Capital for our leadership in environmental sustainability and in the training and development of our people. I truly believe Accenture is a magnet for top talent in the new, not only because of the work we do for clients but because our culture supports employee who want to make a difference in the community where we live and work. So, with that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect revenues to be in the range of $9.15 billion to $9.4 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 4.5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2018, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be positive 2.5% compared to fiscal 2017. For the full fiscal 2018, we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2017. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2018 to be 14.9% to 15.1%, a 10 to 30 basis-point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. This range does not include the impact from the U.S. tax legislation. Before I move on, let me add some additional comments on our view of the new tax legislation. Our current assessment is that we do expect to record a non-cash expense in fiscal 2018 which could be up to $500 million to reflect the impact of lower tax rates on our U.S. deferred tax assets. Beyond this expense, we expect the impact to our fiscal 2018 tax rate to be minimum. For earnings per share, adjusting for the updated net revenues, FX and tax assumptions, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2018 to be in the range of $6.48 to $6.66 or 10% to 13% growth over adjusted fiscal 2017 results. For the full fiscal 2018, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5 billion to $5.3 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases, and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that said, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Kevin, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hey. Good morning, Tien-Tsin. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good morning to you. Very strong results here. I guess, I’ll hone in on the consulting book-to-bill metric; like you said, it’s the highest you’ve seen. Wouldn’t that imply acceleration for the consulting segment here, in the short to mid-term? Maybe you can update us on that and just growth across consulting and outsourcing, and if that’s changed for the fiscal year?
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, let me start by saying that we are very, very pleased with our consulting bookings, obviously in the first quarter. We do see good momentum in the business. We’re pleased with our pipeline. And in fact, if you look at our bookings overall, we expect to have another strong bookings quarter in quarter two. So, if you look at momentum really, broadly across our business including consulting but not limited to consulting, we are very, very positive. Perhaps your question really was getting at therefore why didn’t we raise guidance further, perhaps? And on one hand, we have a lot of reasons to be optimistic. We clearly see momentum in our business, but on the other hand it’s just one quarter in the books. And as we normally do, we want to have a little bit more visibility to the full year before we significantly change guidance. We feel obviously very comfortable. We’re taking the low end of the previous guided range off the table. And we will see where we end in quarter two. And at that point, we will reevaluate the upper end of the range. But overall, very comfortable with our business and feel very good about the momentum.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. That makes perfect sense. Just my quick follow-up, then I’ll just ask you obligatory question around acquisitions and the contribution to revenue or even bookings, if you have that in the quarter from acquisitions?
David Rowland: Okay. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. For the full year, our view of acquisitions hasn’t changed. We expect the revenue contribution, the inorganic to be in the 2.5 to 3% range. Now, that will be heavier or higher in the first half of the year where in the first half of the year, the impact is in the 3 to 3.5% range; and certainly, in the first quarter, let’s say it was probably more toward the upper end of that 3 to 3.5% range. And then, in second half of the year, it will be lower in the 2 to 2.5% range. So, 2.5 to 3 for the full year, higher in H1, a little bit lower in H2. We continue to focus obviously on acquisitions as an essential part of our strategy. We did have a lower level of acquisitions in the first quarter. There is nothing you should read into that, is driven by market dynamics and the timing and kind of lumpiness of the way the pipeline evolves in acquisitions. We continue to focus on investing 1.1 to $1.4 billion this year, heavily focused on the new and acquiring critical capabilities to further support that part of our business, which is growing at such a high rate.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys and happy holidays as well. Just looking at strategy and consulting. That was kind of a key segment that we saw last year kind of decline through the year and I think it was flat in the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis and then, it’s bounced back here to mid single digits. Also, I heard positive bookings comments about strategy and consulting. So, maybe you can just talk about a little bit on the turn here we’ve seen in strategy and consulting?
David Rowland: Yes. Let me make a comment or two, and then Pierre may want to add some comments or not, depending on what I say. So, first of all, let me just remind you. When we had this discussion last year, we noted for the group that all of our businesses are subject to going through ebbs and flows and cycles. We commented on the fact that in fiscal 2015 and 2016, we had consistent double-digit growth in consulting and strategy services combined. We mentioned last year that application services and operations were very hot. And we also talked about the fact that our strategy and consulting practitioners really play two roles. One role is to serve our clients and delivering strategy and consulting services specifically. But the other role is to really bring the full scope of Accenture services and offerings to the client. So, they have a dual role of both selling the full suite of Accenture’s capability to drive transformation, as well as let’s say business-specific service. So, in that context, as we indicated, these parts of our business can go through kind of natural ebbs and flows. We’re at a point in time now, where if you look at the transformation that a lot of industries just continue to go through, if you look at the high level of growth in the new, we’re at a point where the convergence, the factors were such the demand for those services, which is higher in quarter one, it was fairly broad-based and it was heavily focused on the new. In fact, the growth rate for consulting and strategy in the new was much higher than the average growth rate of mid-single-digits that I commented on. Pierre, let me just see if there is anything you’d want to add to that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure. Complementing to just what you said, I clearly see three main drivers for strategy and consulting growth. I think of course the number one is pretty obvious is there is a strong and stronger demand around digital strategies and digital transformations in all industries and across the world. And number two, there is still the same appetite today for rationalization. You know what is this [ph] around the evolution of the industries; digitalization is on one hand, rationalization on the other hand. In terms of rationalization as administration, we have great success with our, what we call, BBZ, budget base zero kind of approach, which is all about rationalizing operations and cost to make our client more effective. And three, it is a clear rebound in what I would call the platform business. And by platform, I’m thinking about SAP, I’m thinking about Microsoft, I’m thinking about Salesforce.com as an illustration. Clearly, their new platforms, cloud-enabled are creating demand for our technology services, but as well are driving demand for consulting services, because you have to significantly transform the organization as well as the processes.
Bryan Keane: Just one quick follow-up. When thinking about the 10% constant currency revenue growth rate, I know that’s up from 8% constant currency last quarter. Just trying to think about the two big dimensions. Did the new growth portion accelerate that cause that acceleration or did just the core growth business improve? Thanks so much.
David Rowland: The primary driver of our growth in the quarter continues to be the new. So, the big story continues to be underpinning that 10% is just very, very strong growth in the new.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Lisa Ellis of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: So, can you guys comment on -- as you’re now in the close of the calendar year and you’re doing your discussions for calendar 2018 with clients, what the underlying growth rate is looking like in their overall IT budgets? I mean, we talk a lot about the shift into the new. But, I am curious what the dynamic is with overall growth. I highlight that just because in our recent CIO surveys, we’re actually seeing a material uptick in actually overall budget growth. I am curious if you guys are sort of seeing a similar thing as you look into calendar 2018?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Thanks Lisa for your question. And indeed, I’ve been reading carefully the report you provided regarding your CIO survey. And I could only describe to the conclusion you’ve made from this survey, indeed there is an increase in the budget. But, as you know, the investments -- I mean, they continue to shift from the legacy to the new to use our own terminology. And on the legacy, the demand is still around rationalizing the application and rationalizing the infrastructure, which is creating a good demand on our cloud services administration or good demand as well and we have results this year on our application outsourcing business, which is part of our application services. And indeed, we see a shift of the budget to digital technologies at large, including the digital technologies in the IT shelf but I would extend to the digital technology in the marketing budget as well. And all of this is increasing, as I think we’re moving in digital from what I would qualify these last couple of years, the proliferation of the POC, the proof-of-concept. So, the prototypes that have been proliferating across the different organizations; and now we are moving to the industrialization of the deployment of the digital capabilities. And of course, it’s creating strong demand to Accenture services because we organize our capabilities exactly to support the industrialization of digital services.
Lisa Ellis: Perfect, thank you. And then, David, my follow up is for you. Could you give a little color on the free cash flow numbers? I just noticed those are -- actually free cash flow is a little bit down year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter and also your guidance for the year and the midpoint of the guidance is -- doesn’t have growth year-on-year, despite the strong earnings growth outlook?
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, as I said, I don’t think there’s anything particular to point out on our free cash flow guidance. The first quarter played out pretty much exactly as we had expected. It’s typical that we have an uptick in DSO in the first quarter from the fourth quarter, and that played out as expected in the range that we had expected. And we continue to track well for our free cash flow for the full year. Again, one of the things that you know Lisa we comment on is the relationship between free cash flow and net income. And our free cash flow range continues to indicate that we have a model where the free cash flow exceeds our net income. So, we feel very good about it. I mean, we work hard every day on DSOs and other aspects of our cash flow to try to land as high in the range as possible. But, we feel good about the range that we started here with and reconfirmed just few minutes ago.
Lisa Ellis: Okay, cool. Yes. I just wanted to know if there were no specific call outs, all right. Thank you. 
David Rowland: Yes. All right. Thank you, Lisa. 
Operator: Thank you. And next we have Moshe Katri, Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Can we talk a bit about digital, cloud and platforms? I’m assuming it’s north of 50% of revenues. Maybe some color in that. And you did indicate double-digit growth, maybe some more color on that. Is growth accelerating or are we still at the same level that we’ve seen a year maybe two years ago? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I’m very pleased to comment on this. I mean, first, what we’re calling the new digital, cloud, security services; you added platforms, I’m fine with that. We see continued momentum in the services we have built these last few years, interactive, what we call mobility, analytics, cloud and security. This is very strong and we continue to enjoy a good growth. But, in addition, we don’t stand still. And this is what I wanted to communicate, especially in this call to all of you is the new ways of digital technologies and innovations are coming extremely rapidly. And so, what we wanted to make sure we stay ahead of the curve and so we could provide to our clients at scale, the services in these new technologies, and that’s why we are launching these three new services that are going to join Accenture Digital. I’m thinking about Accenture Applied Intelligence, so bringing the artificial intelligence and machine learning on top of our existing analytics business. So, the analytics business had a good momentum, and we are adding artificial intelligence and machine learning to accelerate this momentum and accelerate growth. We’re doing a very similar thing by the creation of Accenture Industry X.0 where we’re bringing the new capabilities we’ve developed in terms of engineering, production on the internet manufacturing, if you will, around the digital manufacturing platforms and all the IoT and connected devices world to again sustain and accelerate our momentum in that space. And the last one is around what we’re calling intelligent marketing campaign in Accenture Interactive. Again, Accenture Interactive has an excellent momentum as we speak in the existing services, mainly design, content production and commerce production as well. And we are adding intelligent marketing operations. So, we are adding on top of the good momentum an accelerator, if you will with the new capabilities we are launching. So, I’m very comfortable that we will continue to drive excellent double-digit growth in this part of our business.
David Rowland: And if I could just add -- let me just add one comment just on the quantitative side and call out that our revenues in the new now represent approximately 55% of our total revenue stream. One of the things that Pierre and I were looking at yesterday is -- and of course, we have been managing this for many quarters now is just how pervasive that is across our business. I mean, literally, every industry, every geographic market, you see a level of rotation to the new that is let’s say in the range of 50% or higher and 55% overall. And I think that that’s important for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that supports an essential element of our strategy which is to create durability and resiliency in our revenue. And that’s an illustration, one illustration of how our model is working to do that.
Moshe Katri: Thanks. And just as a follow-up to this. Our surveys are talking about the fact or indicating the fact that average project sizes in this area are starting to pretty much scale and increase pretty significantly, just given the fact that we’re getting to a point where you are saying your typical enterprise buyer kind of connecting the front end to the back end legacy backbone systems. Are you seeing that as well? And obviously, from your perspective that could be kind of a multi-year phase as well.
Pierre Nanterme: No doubt the digital projects are getting bigger and they are getting bigger, just consistent with the transition, as mentioned before. We had this space where clients were investing in smaller projects that qualified in terms of prototyping or proof-of-concept type of projects, testing the thing. Now, we’ve passed that phase where we have evidence that the digital transformation is driving growth and value for the different industries and clients are shifting to industrialize the digital capabilities. You’ve seen more and more the creation of what we’re calling or clients are calling digital factories, digital hub. That’s exactly what we’re doing with Schneider Electric, illustrated a few minutes ago. So, the projects are getting bigger in average as digital technologies are maturing and are scaling. So, it’s a very good trend. And of course, it is supporting double-digit growth in digital- related services.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois, DeepDive Equity.
David Rowland : Hello, Rod. How are you?
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, doing fine. Thanks very much. Hey, I wanted to talk a little bit about -- the growth definitely came in strong; I want to talk about the margins for a second. Your operating margin was equal to the year-ago quarter. But I know there is a lot of moving parts underneath that margin result, particularly since you’re reporting a gap margin and essentially absorbing all of those acquisition investments. So, can you share the main puts and takes on your margin trend when you compare this year to last year? And I want to know, are there certain underlying factors that are meaningful headwinds year-to-year and certain factors that are meaningful tailwinds?
David Rowland: Okay, great. Very good question. So, first of all is -- I think you started with -- let me just again say that our operating margin can in fact vary quarter-to-quarter. That’s the typical pattern in our business for a variety of reasons. Let me also reiterate that irrespective of what our margin was in quarter one which we were pleased with, we feel very comfortable that we’re on the trajectory of delivering 10 to 30 basis points of expansion for the full year while also meeting on our management objective which is to invest at significantly higher levels than the rate of our revenue growth and then covering that by real underlying expansion in our margin. As it relates to quarter one, there are probably two or three things that I would point out, none of which are too much of a surprise in terms of a normal flow of our business. The first thing, I would highlight is that quarter one of last year was an extremely strong quarter for us. You may remember, Rod, that quarter one of last year, we reported 40 basis points of expansion. And so, some of what you say in our first quarter result is -- compare against a very strong quarter last year. I think if I was to just point two other things in our results in the first quarter. One thing is, as you alluded to and I confirmed, we did have a very high level of investments flow through our P&L in the first quarter, which I think you and others would expect, given many reasons including the $1.7 billion of acquisitions that we invested in last year. And I would say in general, our investments are probably on balance higher in the first half of the year this year than the second half of the year. The other thing that we called out is that we did see some of our operating groups had lower consulting contract profitability. But again, as you know as well, our contract profitability ebbs and flows at different points in time in our business. And we expect that consulting contract profitability improves as we progress through the year. So, those are some things, I would say, the tough, the higher compares. So really, I would say, we delivered a consistent level of very high profitability that we reported quarter one last year. And the rate of investment growth was much higher than the rate of revenue growth.
Rod Bourgeois: On a somewhat related note, I want to ask about your trend in your sole-source business. In our research, we’re seeing some reasons for sole-source activity to increase, but some other factors that could put some pressure on that. So, I’d love to know, when you net all the trends together, what’s the net impact on sole-source signings activity kind of on a weighted average basis across your business. So, can you say where your sole-source percentage is now and whether it’s heading up or down?
David Rowland: Yes. I mean, we have had -- we track this every quarter. And frankly, we have an amazing level of consistency in the sole-source deals as a percentage of the total. It continues to run in the range of about 70%. So, really, Rod, we’ve seen -- we haven’t seen a significant change in that pattern. I think, Pierre, you wanted to add something.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I’m going to give some color on this, because it’s giving me the opportunity to give you an information we didn’t match in the script. When you talk about sole-source, I think it does relate to the quality and the deepness of the trusted relationships we have developed with our clients over many, many years. And I’m very pleased to share with all this group that we have now 169 diamond clients. I am mentioning this number, because many of you know how important are these diamond clients in the Accenture’s strategy including in the economic model. It’s a record high of diamond clients at Accenture, 169, including the best brands across all the world and the deepness and the kind of relationship we’ve been developing for many, many years are as well driving these sole-source projects, because sole-source projects are directly correlated to the trust and the confidence our clients are putting in Accenture.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning. So, I just wanted to start with a question on digital, which obviously is the biggest part of the new. We have estimated that the Interactive business might be upwards of maybe half of digital. So, any commentary around that? And just a general update on the growth trajectory of Interactive and the competitive positioning you see there versus the digital and the traditional ad agencies as the lines continue to blur there? I would love to hear about that?
Pierre Nanterme: I couldn’t be more pleased to comment on Accenture Interactive, which I would qualify as a darling of Accenture. And I want to take this opportunity to recognize Brian Whipple for the amazing job he has been doing in providing leadership on Accenture Interactive. And Accenture Interactive has been creating not long ago and as you know, for two years in the row, we have been ranked as the leading company in digital marketing by Advertising Age in terms of size, in terms of growth. We have an amazing momentum. I was very pleased to announce in my presentation that we are now the agency of record for Maserati. It means something for us because it means that indeed we are now a key player in the agency world. We are gaining massive market share. We are becoming certainly a leader in digital marketing solutions. And we have three major segments so far in Accenture Interactive, all the digital design was filled, all the digital content production. And you will remember that some years ago we acquired a company called avVenta being the basis for that. And in all commerce, e-commerce solutions with Acquity. You’ll remember an acquisition made in the U.S., and very pleased with the acquisition of Altima we made in France as well, which is going to boost our equity -- digital equity business. And we are adding now this intelligent marketing campaign where we’re going to analytics and artificial intelligence. So that’s the kind of fourth growth engine we are adding in Accenture Interactive. And so, I am extremely comfortable that we will continue to gain market share and to grow significantly with Accenture Interactive. And I am very pleased by the way that to lead our intelligent marketing campaign, we are going to welcome a very prominent and iconic leader from the industry Nikki Mendonça who is going to join Accenture soon to lead that business. So, couldn’t be more pleased.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, terrific. So, Accenture along with pretty much everyone else in the space is seeing this real bifurcation in growth between the new versus the legacy service offerings. And I am just wondering, if you guys think that that may lead to some acceleration in industry consolidation perhaps including larger deals and not just tuck-ins that have been more of the norm across the industry in recent years?
Pierre Nanterme: It’s a good question. So, let me start by -- I’m going to talk for David on this because David has got a very strong point of view on the topic and always telling me that the big transaction in professional services fails at 100%, which is quite a significant percentage if you will. So, are we going to see that? I don’t know. This is not our game at Accenture. Our game is to drive organic growth on top of acquisition of very specific companies with very specific and differentiated capabilities. And then, what Accenture is offering to these companies we’re acquiring is our unique access to the best brands in the world and our unique geographic footprint; that’s the combo we’re bringing. You imagine, when these companies are joining Accenture with access to 169 diamond clients the best brands in the world. So, I tend to trust David, I always trust David. 100% of the big transaction in professional services and consolidation fail.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Well, trusting David has worked so far. So, you might as well -- happy holidays, guys.
David Rowland: You should always trust David. It’s the best year for the industry.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, enjoy.
David Rowland: Hey, Jason. Thanks for teeing that up. 
Jason Kupferberg: Anytime.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Brian Essex, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
David Rowland: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Essex: Good morning. Thank you for taking the call and happy holidays from me as well. There is a lot of conversation about the new, certainly worth highlighting. I was wondering if maybe I could follow on a question I think that Bryan had asked. We’ve seen some better than expected results, particularly recently from traditional on-premise hardware vendors. Kind of driving the debate for on-premise workflow computing environment, and what’s going on in that space. What are seeing -- are you seeing stabilization in the core as stabilization within legacy contracts as well or do you have any insight into what’s going on there, or do you view that as maybe an anomaly in the market?
Pierre Nanterme: What I can share with you is indeed our view on this platform’s market. As you know, we are working with all the major players in the ecosystem, I mean think about SAP, or I call Microsoft, Salesforce.com, Workday to mention a few. If you take what probably you’d call the legacy players and not the -- I mean, the cloud native [ph] such as Salesforce.com and Workday, there are kind of periods, especially SAP and Oracle, of pause where they were facing this transition from on-premise to cloud-enabled platforms. And then what you’ve been seeing is that put the act together in a very strong way. And if you take just SAP, they launched S/4HANA and then on top of HANA their in-memory analytics tools, they are putting now Leonardo, which is bringing more intelligent and artificial intelligence on top of it. And all of this now is cloud enabled and you heard that partnership between SAP and Azure to provide the SAP solution on the cloud. And now, this is what we’ve seen in our services that our services on these platforms are growing significantly. And so, to a great extent, I don’t believe that there is anymore -- the terminology of legacy players. I think they’ve been able to transition in the new and now they could compete in cloud ERP solution, likewise the Salesforce.com or the Workday. So, I’m very impressed with the rotation they’ve been driving in their business to move from on-promise legacy to cloud as a service business.
Brian Essex: Great. And then, maybe if I could touch on, as a follow-up on a question that Lisa I think has asked with regard to budgets. I mean, our CIO surveys also pointed to better spend next year but that was a 3Q survey that was prior to tax reform. Are you having any -- or do you have an incremental color for next year, if there is any sensitivity to lift from reform and potential upside to what you’ve initially had in terms of conversations with your customers?
Pierre Nanterme: No, I can mention. I mean there are many analysts who have been providing information as well as you are driving CIO surveys and they are all very consistent that the budget would increase with the shift from legacy to digital. But for me, to be honest, with 10 billion bookings in Q1, it would be hard not to acknowledge there is a demand out there. 
Angie Park: Kevin, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. That question is from the line of David Grossman, Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
David Grossman: David, sorry if I missed this, but I think you mentioned the tax reform had minimal impact on fiscal 2018 EPS. Can you provide us with any parameters that may help us understand the potential impacts of tax reform beyond this fiscal year?
David Rowland: Yes. So, just to I guess to reconfirm, to ensure I was clear in the remarks I made in the script. Again, we expect our tax rate this year again to be in the 22 to 24% range. And that does not include the impact of the U.S. tax legislation. Again, our current assessment is that the impact on the effective tax rate will be minimal, other than a non-cash expense for fiscal 2018, which could be up to 500 million which reflects the impact of lower tax rates on our U.S. deferred tax assets. I didn’t say it in the script but let me also add that we do not expect an impact on our tax cash payments this year. So, having said that, over time, on an ongoing basis the legislation could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate by imposing taxes on our intercompany transactions and limiting our ability to deduct certain expenses. And so, the specific answer to your question beyond what I said about 2018 is that on an ongoing basis, we think it could modestly impact our ongoing effective tax rate. And essentially, you’ve got the lower rate, which is let’s say offset essentially or closely offset by the loss of certain deductions and then the other thing in the mix as well is the tax imposed on intercompany transactions. But, in the mix, we see a modest impact over time.
David Grossman: So, that’s the modest impact, plus or minus, is that up?
David Rowland: I would say more likely a modest upward pressure than downward.
David Grossman: Got it. Great. Thanks for that. And just one very quick follow-up. So just in addition to -- you’ve done a great job of using acquisitions to accelerate your ability to reach scale change in the marketplace. So, if in fact that’s an accurate observation, given that the guidance for a slower pace of acquisition for this year, should we assume that your recruiting and training infrastructure is now at a point that you can better satisfy in market demand or are there other dynamics that play in that equation?
David Rowland: I would say that -- I wouldn’t -- I understand that if you just look at it purely numerically, you would say that we have a lower rate of acquisitions. I wouldn’t say that -- what I would say is that this year’s estimate of 1.1 to 1.4 is entirely consistent with our strategic objective. It just so happens that last year, the nature of the opportunities in the marketplace was such that we went above what would be our typical strategic range. That could happen at any time in the future. So, it’s not a slowdown as much as it was last year; it was just above our strategic range. And this year, we’re guiding 1.1 to 1.4 which is right consistent with our strategic objective and we’ll see how the year plays out.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. I think it’s time right Angie to wrap up the call. Thanks again for joining us on today’s call. So, in closing and with the first quarter now behind us, as you probably heard from David and I, we feel very good about where we are. And I’m personally confident that we are well-positioned to continue gaining market share, driving profitable growth and delivering value for both our clients and all our stakeholders. I want to wish you, our investors and analysts and everyone at Accenture a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any question, as always, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best. Happy New Year. Talk to you next year.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining while using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-09-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - MD and Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Company Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Darrin Peller - Barclays James Friedman - Susquehanna Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Greg, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call you will hear from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2018. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on the call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. For the year, we clearly strengthened our leadership position in the new digital, cloud, and security related services, and once again we gain substantial market share. We significantly increased our investments, including record investments in strategic acquisitions. And I’m particularly pleased that we did all of this while continuing to return substantial cash to shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $37.4 billion. We generated record revenues for the year of $34.9 billion, a 7% increase in local currency with broad based growth once again across all business. We delivered earnings per share of $5.91 on an adjusted basis, an 11% increase. Operating margin was 14.8% on an adjusted basis, an expansion of 20 basis points. We generated excellent free cash flow of $4.5 billion. We returned $4.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share, a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So we had another very strong year. And I feel very good about our business, the execution of our strategy and the momentum we have as we enter the new fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks all of you for joining us on today's call. Let me start by saying that we were extremely pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which completed another outstanding year for Accenture. Our results continue to provide strong validation of our leadership position in the marketplace, the relevance of our offerings and capabilities to our clients, and our ability to manage our business in a dynamic environment to deliver significant value to our clients, our people, and our shareholders. Once again our fourth quarter results reflect our ongoing focus to deliver strong and consistent financial results across our three key imperatives for driving superior shareholder value. So let me summarize a few important highlights before I get into the details. Net revenue growth of 8% represented the strongest quarter of the year as we continue to benefit from our diverse and durable growth model, which is powered by being a market leader in the New. Our digital cloud and security related services continue to draw very strong double-digit growth and represented over 50% of our total revenues. Growth continue to be broad-based with positive growth across the vast majority of our industry groups, geographic markets and businesses, with many parts of our business delivering double-digit growth. And we estimate that we grew more than 3x the rate of growth of the basket of publicly traded companies as we continue to take share and strengthen our position as a market leader. Our operating margin of 14.2% came in as expected and up 10 basis points from last year, resulting in 20 basis points of expansion on an adjusted basis for the full-year. Importantly, we delivered this expansion while investing at record levels in our business and our people. And with EPS of a $1.48 in the fourth quarter, we delivered double-digit EPS growth in both the quarter and the full-year. And finally we delivered another strong quarter of free cash flow, $1.8 billion in free cash flow to be specific. In terms of capital allocation, its noteworthy that we closed 10 transactions in the quarter, giving us 37 transactions for the full-year with record invested capital of $1.7 billion, which provided scale and capabilities in key growth areas and further strengthened our leadership position in the New. So we’ve a strong close to fiscal '17 which yielded another year of broad based growth and significant market share gains, underpinned by strong profitability and cash flow. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $10.1 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $5.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $5.0 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Our strong new bookings in the quarter represent 12% growth in local currency and reflected an all-time high in new bookings in constant currency. Our bookings were well-balanced and we achieved our target book-to-bill across each of our five businesses. As you would expect the dominant theme driving our bookings in the quarter continue to be high demand for digital, cloud, and security related services, which we estimate represented more than 60% of our new bookings. For the full fiscal year, we delivered $37.4 billion in new bookings which represent 6% growth in local currency. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $9.1 billion, an 8% increase in both USD and local currency, reflecting a roughly flat foreign exchange impact. This result was at the top of our FX adjusted range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.9 billion, up 7% both in USD and local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4.2 billion, up 9% in USD and 8% in local currency. Looking at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by application services in operations which both posted double-digit growth. Strategy and consulting services combined were flat in the quarter and the New including digital, cloud, and security related services continue to deliver very strong double-digit growth as I mentioned earlier. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Products delivered its 9th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth with 10% growth in local currency, led by strong growth across all three industries, especially in Europe and the growth markets. Financial services posted its strong growth of the year with 9% growth in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in banking and capital markets as a result of strong demand for our services in both Europe and the growth markets. Communications media and technology also experienced an uptick in business momentum with 7% growth in the quarter, driven by continued strong double-digit growth in software and platforms and low single-digit growth in the other two industries. We were very pleased with our overall growth in CMT in about North America and the growth markets, and we did see some improvement in Europe following several quarters of contraction. Resources grew 5% in quarter four building further on the improved growth rates we saw last quarter. The highlight of the quarter was double-digit growth in chemicals and natural resources as well as balanced growth across each of the three geographic areas each growing 5% in the quarter. We continue to see challenging market conditions in energy. Finally, H&PS grew 4% led by strong growth in public services globally. We continue to be pleased with overall growth in H&PS in both Europe and the growth markets and while we saw some improvement in North America, our health business continues to be impacted by uncertainty in U.S healthcare legislation. Moving down to the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.5% compared to 31.3% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11% compared with 11.1% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.4% compared to 6.1% for the same quarter last year. Our operating income was $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.2% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with quarter four last year. As a reminder, the fourth quarter last year includes gains related primarily to our Duck Creek transaction. The following comparisons exclude these impacts and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.9% compared with an effective tax rate of 24.3% in the fourth quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.48 compared with EPS of a $1.31 in the fourth quarter last year and this reflects a 13% year-over-year increase. Days services outstanding were 39 days compared to 41 days last quarter and 39 days in the fourth quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.8 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.9 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $191 million. And our cash balance at August 31 was $4.1 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31 last year. With regard to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased to redeem 5.2 million shares for $657 million at an average price of $127.09 per share. At August 31, we had approximately 3.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.33 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15 and represents a $0.12 per share or 10% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, I want to reflect on where we landed for the full-year across the key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. Of course, I'm pleased that once again we successfully managed our business to deliver all aspects of the business outlook we provided at the beginning of the fiscal year. Net revenues grew 7% in local currency for the full-year, again demonstrating the power and durability of our growth model in a highly dynamic environment. Even with unexpected headwinds in some parts of our U.S business, we delivered in the upper end of our guided range and in fact outside of the U.S we delivered almost 10% growth in the rest of our business. On an adjusted basis, operating margin of 14.8% reflected a 20 basis point expansion over '16 and was consistent with our guidance. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share were $5.91, reflecting a 11% growth over fiscal '16 and was at the upper end of our guided range. Our free cash flow of $4.5 billion was above our original guided range and reflected a free cash flow well in excess of our net income, and we delivered on the objectives of our capital allocation strategy by investing $1.7 billion in acquisitions, while at the same time returning $4.2 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So again, we had a strong year by any measure and certainly as it relates to delivering against the guidance we provided at the beginning of fiscal '17. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our very strong performance in fiscal year '17, on top of our outstanding results for the last two fiscal years demonstrate that we are executing our growth strategy very well in a durable and sustained way. As I reflect on our performance for the last three years, I am very pleased that we delivered compound annual revenue growth of 9% in local currency, as well as 9% compound growth in adjusting earnings per share. And I'm especially proud of the shareholder returns we generated over the same three year period. We delivered a compound annual total return to shareholders of 20%, twice the total return of the SAP 500. We continue to benefit from the actions we have taken to transform Accenture to rotate our business to New high growth areas and to invest ahead of the curve. The breadth and scale of the capabilities we provide end-to-end across strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, are absolutely unique in the marketplace. And this is why Accenture remains the partner of choice for the world's leading companies in executing large-scale transformation programs. We are helping a leading global bank with a mission-critical program to meet New regulatory requirements. Leveraging our global capabilities across consulting, digital, technology and operations, we're delivering significant changes to the core banking platforms which handles over $100 trillion of transactions per year. I am especially pleased with the leadership position we’ve built in the New. Digital, cloud, and security related services, all underpinned by New IT. In fiscal year '17, the New accounted for about $18 billion or 50% of total revenues, a very significant increase from roughly 40% of total revenues just one year ago and 30% of total revenues the year before. We’ve truly transformed Accenture capabilities to help our clients embrace the New, applying innovation and intelligence at the heart of their organizations. We're collaborating with Roche, the healthcare company to develop an analytics platform that will improve care for millions of patients around the globe. Built on the Accenture intelligent patient platform, this new solution enables Roche to underwrite data in a secure environment and generate insights to provide patients with more customized care. The rigor and discipline, we use in running our business is key to consistently executing our growth strategy. And we systematically applied the same discipline to our investments including acquisitions. Acquisitions enhance our differentiation in the marketplace and are enhancing to drive organic growth. Over the last three years, we deployed $3.4 billion in roughly 70 acquisitions. This includes a record $1.7 billion in fiscal year '17 alone. And over the last year, we expanded our relationship with ecosystem partners, including Amazon Web Services, Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce and SAP. And just last months we formed the new partnership with Apple to help businesses transform how they engage with their customers using innovative solutions built on iOS. Now turning to the geographic dimension of our business. We continue to rotate to the new consistently and successfully around the world, especially in our largest markets. We delivered another Europe's strong and balanced revenue growth, gaining market share in each of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered 4% revenue growth in local currency for the year, driven by the United States. In Europe, we grew revenues 8% in local currency with double-digit growth in Germany and Switzerland, as well as high single-digit growth in the U.K., France and Spain. And I am particularly pleased that in growth markets we delivered 12% growth in local currency, driven primarily by very strong double-digit growth once again in Japan as well as double-digit growth in Australia, Singapore, and China. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our commitment to developing talent. As a professional services company, our people ultimately make the difference in delivering high-quality services to clients. This is why we are so focused on attracting the best people and investing to further develop their skills. To ensure we’ve the most relevant talent at the most senior levels, we promoted 600 new managing directors in fiscal year '17 and hired more than 300 managing directors from outside Accenture. These leaders are bringing highly differentiated industry expertise and specialized skills, especially in the New. At the same time, we are making significant investments in re-skilling [ph] our people to help them stay relevant in key areas such as cloud artificial intelligence and robotics. In just over 18 months, we have trained more than 160,000 people in New IT alone, including automation, HR development, and intelligent platforms. And at Accenture, we embrace diversity as the source of creativity and competitive advantage. We bring together people of different genders, races, cultures, and perspectives which makes us smarter, more innovative, and more relevant. I’m so privileged to lead our company of 425,000 talented people working in 55 countries around the world who bring their unique knowledge and experience to our clients each and every day. With that, I will turn it over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year '18. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '18, we expect revenues to be in the range of $9.1 billion to $9.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about positive 2% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '17 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '18, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S will be about positive 3% compared to fiscal '17. For the full fiscal '18, we expect our net revenue to be in the range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal '17. For operating margin, we expect fiscal '18 to be 14.9% to 15.1%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '17 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 25%. This compares to an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% in fiscal '17. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted earnings per share for fiscal '18 to be in the range of $6.36 to $6.60 or 8% to 12% growth over adjusted fiscal '17 results. Now turning to cash flow. For the full fiscal '18, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $5 billion to $5.3 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.7 billion, generating free cash flow in excess of net income. We expect to return at least $4.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up, so that we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thanks, David. And I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Good morning. Thank you. Within your revenue guide for fiscal '18, can you just talk about where your organic growth assumption is there within the total guide? And then as well as your M&A spend projection for the year and contribution? Thanks.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Thank you, Brian. Yes, so we -- when we look at next year, we expect from a -- from an investment standpoint and acquisitions that we would be in the range of 25% to 30% of our cash flow. If you calculate that in dollar terms, it's in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. And as we’ve said many times previously, we certainly have the ability to go above that range if the opportunities present themselves during the fiscal year. And so, our inorganic strategy is an engine for organic growth and as a means of bringing on critical skills and capabilities in high growth areas, we will continue, it's an important part of our strategy. That assumption combined with what we've just done in fiscal '17, would translate to inorganic revenue contribution in the range of 2.5% to 3% in fiscal '18.
Bryan Bergin: Okay. Thank you. The follow-up I’ve, just on platforms. Can you just talk about how much your business is derived from your various platforms? It seems like a lot of the award announcements this quarter involved some sort of a proprietary platform, your cloud, your insights platform, insurance products. Just give us a sense of what that's doing in changing the model of your business? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So, if you look at all the platforms and -- I mean, David you probably know the number better than me, it would be what in the range of 20?
David P. Rowland: Yes, in that range 20% to 25%, if you look with the major platforms.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so it is significant, but it is not the majority of what we do. So like a what we are doing with our platforms, because for us it's a source of delivering huge value for our clients and as well the base to sell our consulting and also businesses on back of this. Now as you know we are leading with SAP, we’re leading with Oracle, with Microsoft, with Salesforce, with [technical difficulty], with Microsoft, so we’re to date leading partners and you’ve seen that we’ve open new fronts with coming leaders such as Google, such as Amazon Web Services, we’re going to develop platforms on top of the cloud and you certainly hear about the announcements we made with Apple to develop solutions based on iOS. So, we are very active on platform. We are very pleased with what we’re doing and I’m especially pleased that we’re leading with their new platforms. When we talk about the SAP, we are talking about SAP Hana, Oracle in the cloud. The new generation of service with Microsoft and you probably have seen an announcement we made between Avanade-Accenture and Microsoft recently, just last week. And so we’re always aiming a leading not with the solution of yesterday, but with the solutions of tomorrow and taking a leadership position which is exactly what we do. Thank you, Brian.
Bryan Bergin: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Hey, good morning, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good morning. It was good to talk to you guys. I guess, I will ask on organic growth, assuming what you did in inorganic in '17, it looks like a little bit of deceleration implied at the midpoint in terms of organic growth. Am I looking at that correctly? Is there anything to explain that assumption?
David P. Rowland: No, I would say that -- first of all, I’d say Tien-Tsin, as you know that while our range reflects of what we think is possible across a broad 3-point range. We're always focused on being toward the upper end of the range. And if you were to look at, let's say, the upper third of the range and if you look at the 2.5 to 3, and if you were to then look at that against the market growth for organically -- organic market growth, would continue to reflect us taking significant share, which is our strategic objective. And so it's not intended to imply deceleration. I mean, we feel good about the market as we see it.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes, the [indiscernible].
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, but just to add on this and to be very clear, I think what we're planning for next year is extremely consistent with '17 and to be honest, it's consistent with '16. Now it depends on when you learn in the range, and as David said we are targeting to be more on the upper part of the range. But the contribution of inorganic has always been in the recent parts in the range of 2% plus and anything to between the 2% to 3% and so our organic growth is very consistent with the prior year. And as David said, as been built issue, if you will, to grow significantly more than the market. And when I said significantly more, it's probably a minimum of twice the market. So that’s the way we see our organic growth today and potentially tomorrow. So very consistent.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Right. Yes, for sure at the upper half it would -- yes, be consistent with what we have organic over the last actually three years like you said. I know its splitting hairs over a percentage point here, but that's helpful. My follow-up, just -- I guess, on geographic growth, both of you called out North America versus the rest, do you expect the trends to change between North America and rest of world for Accenture in fiscal '18?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and I’m going to take my non-American hat. And I’m feeling confident that my U.S colleagues and leaders will drive more growth next year. I mean, to be serious again, we shared with you the results of few quarters that indeed the growth in the U.S didn’t come exactly as expected for reasons we shared with you. That’s probably the markets was -- markets and our clients expecting some reforms and these reforms have not come as expected and creating kind of wait and see positioning with our clients, especially in health and public sector with all the uncertainties around the healthcare reforms. Now we’ve have year behind us and I believe that my scenario, if you will, that the business as factored was a could or could not expect from the administration. So to some extent that’s less uncertainty with what might come. Now we still believe that we’re going to see a tax reform or some evolution that’s going to be good for the business that on balance what we expected that next year the contribution of the US and North America will be incrementally better than this year.
David P. Rowland: Yes, absolutely.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: I believe in the U.S, my friend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Hi, Keith.
Keith Bachman: Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about the consulting business to start off with. If I look at the signings growth, it's a bit of a sign curve where 2013 was a negative year, '14 was very good, '15 was a down year, '16 was tremendous. This year the signings are, call it, low single digits. It would seem that based on that cycle '18 should be a pretty good year for signings in the consulting business. But I just wanted to hear your feedback on how you’re looking at that business in particular?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: So let me maybe take it, and then, I mean, David you can add on it. I mean, first, let's talk extremely rapidly by positioning what is the role of consulting at Accenture. As you know at Accenture we have different -- I mean we have -- not different businesses, we have synergistic businesses, strategic consulting where we shape the agenda with the clients, advisory services, if you will, digital and technology where we’re building leading-edge solutions and operations where we operate on behalf of the clients. And they’re not independent business at all. The formula of Accenture is end-to-end integration of the services to deliver transformation and to commit on an outcome. The role of the consulting business in that supply-chain, if you will, is to shape the clients agenda is to work with the clients and orchestrate the rest of our businesses, and it's of course to sell consulting services in addition of the rest. So therefore us, the business orchestrator, if you will, of the relationship with the clients. So at the end of the day when we are looking at the performance of Accenture, indeed we're looking at each parts because we want each parts to operate in the best market condition. But no doubt that we are much more focused on the value that all of this capability bring in driving overall growth faster than the market. Now -- so the role of consulting is to shape, is to orchestrate the depth and breadth of all services, and when I look at the market conditions we would expect certainly our consulting business to be at the mid single-digit range …
Keith Bachman: Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: … and this is where we believe that the consulting market is all about. But again, I would like all of you not to take consulting in isolation, because this is not the operating model of Accenture.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Fair enough. And thank you for that response. My feedback or my second question rather is, David, could you talk a little about the puts and takes associated with operating margin range? What are the variables that would cause you to be at the lower end of the range and what are the variables that would cause you to be at the higher end of the range?
David P. Rowland: Yes. So, I mean, there are a lot of things in the mix when we look at operating margin. I mean, first of all, just kind of state the mathematically, obvious, 10 basis points is, let's say just under $40 million for the year which on our base of operating expenses is small in the context of the total operating expense of our business. It's -- of course it's significant in the context of delivering the year and the quarter, but there are number of things in the mix. First of all is an assumption on the level of investments that we will continue to make in our business, on our people. And I can tell you that our intend in fiscal '18 is continue to -- is to continue to ramp up our investments and to invest the rate that is faster than our rate of revenue growth. And so, in essence what that means is that our business model again as a reminder is that we actually strive to have a much higher level of margin improvement underneath our business, if you will, of which a substantial portion of that margin expansion we invest into the business, on our people within the range of 10 to 30 basis points of expansion being delivered in our results.
Keith Bachman: Right.
David P. Rowland: And so, the things that drive that, I mean, first of all, would be the progression of contract profitability, so that gets to fundamentally the economics of the work that we do for our clients and in a normal year we would expect that our contract profitability would continue to progress in a positive way, and certainly that's our assumption next year. The other big driver of our profitability is the level of payroll efficiency that we have in our business. There are many things that go into that, including the geographic distribution of our heads, the level you utilization we run out -- run at, as well as the extent to which we're choosing to make talent investments and bring onboard critical skills that we think are going to position as well for the future. And really I could stop there, I mean, those are the two biggest drivers. How we manage the overall relationship, the payroll progression to revenue, and then also very importantly what we do with the economics of the portfolio of contracts that we deliver to our clients each year.
Keith Bachman: Right. Thank you, gentlemen. I appreciate the questions.
David P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. Just a follow-up on that point of the margin front. I mean, there is clearly a very high demand for labor around some of the new opportunities that guys are doing so well. With that in mind, could you just give us a little more specifics on what wage inflation -- what type of wage inflation you would expect to see, what type of pricing you could use to offset that? Is there enough talent out there? Are you finding any challenges around that? What’s the environment like right now on those two fronts?
David P. Rowland: Yes, it's hard to answer the wage inflation and price inflation question in aggregate, because -- it means -- there are so many components of our business and you really have to get into each component. Also, I don’t like commenting on the wage inflation, because it can be misinterpreted not only externally, but sometimes internally as well by our people. It’s just hard to talk about in aggregate. What I can tell you is that our business discipline is that we work very hard looking at the wage dynamics, if you will, across each of the markets that we operate in. We have specific targets for where we want to be to market and all of our workforces, obviously, our goal is to always be at a level where we can attract the best talent in the market. We are very, very disciplined in the way we manage the progression of wage inflation and what we're able to do in our pricing because that fundamentally drops our economic. So, we -- that that's kind of a foundational element, if you will, of how we manage the operations of our business. And I would say, in general, -- I don't see anything unusual about '18 either from a wage standpoint or a pricing standpoint. Let's say in the round I don't see anything different in '18 than really the last couple of years we have operated in.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and maybe to add three elements on this to your question of how we are attracting the people and based on what condition? I wanted to communicate to the group that we are clearly focusing on attracting the best talent, and the fact that we’ve been able in fiscal year '17 to recruit 300 managing directors from the outside is for me just the restriction that indeed we are an attractive company. And we’ve no issue to hide what even what I would call iconic talents, i.e., some of the best and most differentiated talents in the marketplace. And they’re coming to us for -- let's say three reasons again, another three. I mean, first, with $18 billion in the New, 50% of our revenues, and double-digit growth year after year, they understand that we are serious about leading in the New and of course it's attractive for that. I mean, second, they’re joining us because we are the only professional services company having end-to-end businesses and so they know we’re joining in strategy or in consulting that will benefit from the rest of Accenture or if they’re joining in technology and operations, it will benefit from our consulting and advisory services. And three, we are competitive in the way we compensate and reward these people, and certainly they’ve been watching the stock evolution over these three years and they love that.
Darrin Peller: All right. That helps. Pierre, just one quick follow-up. The -- when thinking about the New, first of all, what would be the most exciting areas that you’re expecting right now for 2018? Embedded in that large piece of revenue that’s now 50% that you find is the most exciting and the most innovative right now, the most in demand? And then, did you talk, David, about a growth profile of the New for 2018 versus the rest of the business? And thank you very much, guys.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I’m excited with everything regarding the New. So by selecting a few, I don’t want to disappoint other parts of the business, because for instance, all what we’re doing in Accenture Interactive is absolutely great and I’m very excited that we’re going to launch next year new services around some ultimate intelligent and definite marketing services. So I’m very excited with the next generation of marketing services we might launch. I’m absolutely, of course excited with all the artificial intelligence, machine learning and what we have in front of us where again we’re going to in '18 make significant investments. I’m -- we are looking, if you want to look at things which are more pioneering, if you will, at the usage of quantum computing in the business. And I'm not seeing a lot of our peers or companies already making business changes based on quantum which is what we’re doing with Biogen, this biogenetic company where we are working with them in using quantum computing to genome analysis and segmentation and other kind of services. Immersive realities is something we like a lot. How are we going to use virtual and augmented reality in the context of the business, and maybe finally data driven activities and services. Data is the new currency of the world. It's not anymore the dollar, the pound or the euro, it is the data. And all the digital capabilities will reinforce and strengthens the way you can use the data to deliver value. So we are extraordinarily focused on the -- of a data centric agenda in all the services we are going to propose. So an exciting agenda in front of us and stay tuned. In '18, we will make a few announcements.
Pierre Nanterme: Right. And just to close out your question, even as our -- the New is continued to scale so significantly, we do expect continued strong double-digit growth in the New in fiscal '18.
Darrin Peller: Great. All right. Thank, guys.
David P. Rowland: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: Hi, thank you. Its Jamie at Susquehanna.
Pierre Nanterme: Hi, Jamie.
James Friedman: Hi. I just wanted to -- you were going kind of quick there, David, I think there was an incremental disclosure, at least incremental to me. Did you disclose the New as a percentage of the bookings too? I thought you said 60%?
David P. Rowland: Yes, I said -- right. I did say that. I don't know that I’ve said that previously, you're right. Good catch on your part. Every once in a while we sneak things in there, but I did say in the fourth quarter our new bookings were about 60 -- the New represented about 60% of our new bookings. And I did that is just an illustration again of the extent to which our businesses rapidly -- continues to rapidly rotate to the New.
James Friedman: Okay. And then, if I could for follow-up, I’m not sure if I should go operating group or business dimension. I’m going to go business dimension. The -- so, Pierre, with your previous comments about strategy consulting, I’m looking at the fact sheet, bottom left corner, it decelerated to flat growth. You’re suggesting -- if I’m hearing you right, you’re suggesting that will accelerate now to mid single-digit. Maybe if you could provide some of the characterization of that market? Is there any cannibalization going on in that market like it might move from strategy consulting say to app services to operations, and it just doesn’t appear in strategy consulting, some perspective on the trajectory of strategy would be helpful? Thank you.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Let me just mention a few things and then Pierre, I’m sure will also round it up. But maybe just kind of get grounded in the facts a little bit. So, first of all, Pierre did say and so let me just say it again, that when you look at the strategy and consulting combined, we expect that it will be in the mid single-digit range. Let me also say that it's true that in '17 the year we close strategy consulting was lower than what we had expected when we started the year, and I would say that a primary contributor to that was what we’ve commented on throughout the year with the dynamic in the United States. And so, the fact is, if you look across our broad business there are many parts of our business, many geographic markets where the strategy and consulting growth is -- very much aligned with kind of this mid single-digit expectation. So it's important to note that in the mix in '17 was the impact of some of the things that we’ve talked about in the U.S. The third thing I would say is that there is some ebb and flow of the revenue growth across our businesses. I mean, if you look at last year, meaning '16 for example, we had strong double-digit growth in consulting and strategy and certainly the nature of the work that we were doing in '16 really contributed to and set the table for the very strong revenue growth that we had in both application services and operations in fiscal '17. And so, there is some connection between our businesses that I think is important to point out as well. The final thing, I would say, is that if you kill the consulting and strategy growth back and look at the growth of strategy consulting for work that is related to the New, that portion of strategy consulting is growing double-digit. And so the services related to the New continue to grow quite fast. And Pierre, you want to add anything? No, okay.
James Friedman: Yes, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
David P. Rowland: Hopefully that helps, Jamie.
James Friedman: Yes.
David P. Rowland: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Lisa.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning, guys. First question is M&A related. I just wanted, David, maybe just a little color on how we should think about the M&A contribution? I was just kind of looking at -- you just said, you spent $1.7 billion in fiscal '17 and that will -- roughly speaking, contributed like 2.5 to 3 points of revenue growth in fiscal '18, which is roughly the same number or slightly lower? So should we be thinking about it more just as a form of R&D spend essentially versus a revenue accelerator? Yes.
David P. Rowland: So let me just be clear. Maybe I’m misunderstood what you said. So the inorganic contribution in fiscal '17 was in the range of 2%. It was just a tad higher than 2%. It rounds to 2%. And 2.5% to 3%, I mean, Lisa as you know we talk about inorganic on a rolling four quarter basis and I mean truly is a pretty straight mathematical computation. If you look at the timing of when we did our acquisitions throughout fiscal '17 as well as it is hard to predict exactly when acquisitions will occur as we look out over the four quarters of '18. But if you make a reasonable assumption about the phasing, all of that in the mix would put us in the 2.5% 3% range, which would be a stronger contribution than what we had -- incrementally stronger contribution than what we had in '17.
Pierre Nanterme: Maybe -- yes, maybe, David, just for clarity, I think that will be good if you explain how we are tracking this acquisition on what on the 12 to 18 months, and then it's becoming organic because otherwise it might be confusing for the audience. So could you re-explain how we measure this?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So our organic revenue is based on a rolling four quarters, trailing four quarters of our acquisitions. And so, in the quarter we acquire company, it's in inorganic for four quarters and then it becomes part of our organic, because our model, Lisa, as you know is that we don't buy these companies to have them operate as an appendage. We rapidly integrate them really as an engine for organic growth. Did I misunderstand your question or was that helpful?
Lisa Ellis: Yes, that was helpful. I guess I'm -- I was clarifying that -- right that the -- that there is not -- that this [technical difficulty] on a lot of how we should think of the mathematical addition of the run rate revenue from those companies. But then largely they just roll into your base organic development model after that, is that right? Meaning versus like creating sort of -- an acceleration in the underlying organic revenue themselves, it's more -- it's just in addition for one year and then beyond that it just rolls into the base?
Pierre Nanterme: It is after integration, of course. If you would look over five years, the contribution of our acquisition that represent a significant part of the growth that I capture, if you look at this on the aggregate level year-after-year. So you're right. We're acquiring companies for deep capabilities, what you were referring as R&D, and then after a period of time it's becoming organic. And it's totally absorbing the organization and in our organic numbers.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. And then, if I don’t mind, as my follow-up question on the outsourcing side and a follow-up to the earlier question around the acceleration in outsourcing, both bookings and then book-to-bill are both running very strong. Is that -- are you seeing a continued evolution in demand there for the New into -- so should we be interpreting that as that’s now longer duration work related to the New? And in that context are you also then seeing a shift in a competitive set that you're competing against for that work?
David P. Rowland: So let me just -- so let me comment, is that when you look at outsourcing or if you -- as a type of work or if I was to say if you look at application services and operations, which were big growth contributors in '17, a high percentage of those revenue streams are in the New. So it's important to understand that when we talk about operations we're not focused on legacy operations, we're focused on the operations marketplace that we have created and defined, which is all based around business as a service in the cloud with security, all powered by the New. And so, yes, I mean, I think there is -- I think you could conclude that there is a cycle that is the new technologies have matured. If reflects and they are more in kind of an operations mode, if you will, as opposed to early-stage development deployment etcetera, there is a natural cycle and I think that certainly contributes to what we’re seeing in operations and even application services to some extent.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and in application services, to add on this, because what you said is very important, David, is indeed outsourcing is rotating to the New or what we call in outsourcing. And application services we are now selling more and more of those services based on automation, robotics, intelligent solutions based. And again, we are reinventing application services to differentiate. So when you look at your question from a competitive standpoint, to some extent you can segregate the market between the players still trying to sell more harder of the legacy older classic IT, and the players and we’re part of that camp, if you will. We are reinventing this service by providing much more of the new technologies and new features to capture more growth, and I believe that if I our outsourcing business is double-digit and is very vibrant, it's because it does what I did to the New, and not because we’re trying to sell more of the legacy.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Ellis: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I wanted to come at acquisitions, I guess, slightly differently. How do you manage the integration of all these businesses? And at what point do you think it might start to impact the culture, and is the pipeline there incredibly fertile?
Pierre Nanterme: I love your question, because of course, in order to rotate to the New, we have to activate this, evolving strategy of making more acquisitions to get to talent, we couldn't develop organic and we’ve to bring from the market. And the big question is how do you integrate and how do you manage your culture? And this is something we communicated, but I'm pleased to do that with a larger group that we developed this concept which might be perceived as extremely simple, but it is more -- certainly profound than it sounds like, which is at Accenture we are developing a culture of cultures. Indeed we are coming from a long tradition like many global group of the one. One culture, having everything was one. You wanted to be one in the world and I think this cycle is behind many of the big corps, certainly behind us. You’re operating in multiple countries i.e. multiple cultures. So when you’re accommodating multiple services, i.e., multiple cultures, you need to create an environment which is going to celebrate different of cultures. And when we think about the one, the glue, if you will, its more around our values, the kind of intangible things we might expect from all our practitioners that we’re going to keep their cultures. As an illustration, I will take [indiscernible] because I think it's making exactly the right illustration of what you're saying. When we decided to be in the design and experience led kind of services quite far from Accenture. We identified a company called Fjord, 180 people at the time, less than 10 studios around the world. We said, we are going to keep the Fjord culture, the studio, the way they work, we are going to keep the Fjord identity and brand, and indeed we could have integrate them in Accenture more from a backbone standpoint, from a value standpoint they were sharing our values anyway. And they will benefit from our distribution channels. After less than four years, we are celebrating with 1,000 people in Fjord. They have a formidable brand in the marketplace. But if you would talk to the Fjord people, they’re an interesting hybrid. They live and breathe the Fjord and they live and breathe the Accenture. That's what now we want to accommodate with this concept of culture of cultures, which I think is reasonably a strong evolution for large big global group who have been developing with their concept of everything is one. At Accenture, as we said, we love diversity.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then my follow-up, can you talk about the decline in the half of the business outside the New? How do you think about it? And can it get worse as the IT budgets get reallocated to the [technical difficulty]?
Pierre Nanterme: Our job is to be relevant to the clients agenda. And to understand at what speed they’re going to evolve the kind of services we could provide. What we do see is indeed, the overall -- if you look at the overall spend we could address, its growing. If you add the marketing spend to the IT spend and to the spend they are allocating to what we are calling more at the heart of the operations, which all the industrial internet will tap on. So if you look at this from a legacy IT, its flat or shrinking. If you look at the addressable spend for us, it is growing. That’s why at Accenture we have decided five years ago in our strategy to stretch and to extend our rich from where we were famous before, support function, finance, HR, supply-chain and IT, to be relevant still in that space of support and IT stretching to the frontline, addressing the marketing spend and stretching to the operation in the field line through the industrial internet, so we could expand the addressable budget we are tapping on and the benefit of this stretching the boundaries of our scope, because should we’ve stayed in the prior scope, then it could be -- it would be much harder. So all the work is to extend your scope to expand the addressable spend.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. I think, Angie, we’re getting at the end of the call. So let me wrap up and thanking again all of you for joining us on today’s call. In closing, very simply we delivered an excellent fiscal year '17, we believe strongly. We finished this year strong, and I'm extremely pleased with the momentum as we enter the new fiscal year. I believe that with our highly relevant and different capabilities we are building, the dedicated and passionate Accenture people, and the very disciplined management of our business and investments, I’m very confident in our ability to continue driving profitable growth and delivering value to our clients and shoulders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, of course, if you have any question, please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through December 21. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 428382. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 428382. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-06-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - MD and Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Bryan Bergin - Cowen & Company Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Ryan and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As Ryan just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's News Release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our News Release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you Angie and thanks everyone for joining us today. This was not a strong quarter for Accenture. We delivered revenue growth in the upper end of our guided range and again gained significant market share. I am particularly pleased with our very strong new bookings for the quarter and year-to-date which demonstrates that our services and capabilities continue to be both highly relevant to our clients and very differentiated in the marketplace. We generated very strong cash flow for the quarter and returned substantial cash to shareholders all the while continuing to make significant investments to drive future growth.  Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We delivered excellent new bookings of $9.8 billion. We grew revenues of 7% in local currency to $8.9 billion with broad based growth once again across the different dimensions of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.52 on an adjusted basis, an 8% increase. Operating margin was 15.5% on an adjusted basis, consistent with the third quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow $1.7 billion, and we returned approximately $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend.  So we had another good quarter, and as we enter the fourth quarter I feel very confident that we are well positioned to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now let me hand over to David who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you. 
David P. Rowland: Thanks Pierre and thanks to all of you for joining us on today's call. As Pierre mentioned, we were pleased with our third quarter results which were in the range we expected and position us very well to achieve our full year financial guidance. Before I get into the details of the quarter, I thought it would be useful to highlight how we're delivering on an essential aspect of our growth strategy and our model for driving superior shareholder value. You have heard me saying many times previously that our growth strategy was conceived with an important objective in mind, which is to create durability in our revenue growth at a level which is consistently above market thereby taking share and strengthening our position as a market leader. And against that objective, we've created a diverse business that spans 13 industry groups, 15 geographic markets, 5 businesses which has created a powerful growth model in both scale and durability.  Our third quarter and year-to-date results are good illustration of our growth model in action where being a market leader across many dimensions of the market has resulted in consistent growth levels that we estimate are more than two times the rate of growth of the basket of publicly traded companies. And importantly, we delivered these results in a highly dynamic environment which is exactly the way our growth strategy is intended to work. With that said, we will also comment on a few of the highlights and the context of our three financial imperatives for driving shareholder value. Net revenue growth of 7% in local currency in the third quarter continued to be highlighted by strong double-digit growth in all three areas of The New including digital cloud and security related services. We continued to see positive growth in most geographic markets and industries and while we saw encouraging signs in several areas of pressure previously noted we did experience lower than expected revenues in health and public service in North America. At the same time, we continue to be very pleased with momentum in Europe in the growth markets which combined delivered 10% growth in the quarter.  Operating margin on an adjusted basis of 15.5% in the third quarter was consistent with last year and resulted in 20 basis points of expansion on a year-to-date basis. This level of margin expansion continues to include significant investments in our business and our people, and on a year-to-date basis we have delivered very strong earnings per share growth of 10% over FY2016 adjusted EPS, and free cash flow of $1.7 billion in the quarter and $2.7 billion year-to-date keeps us on a trajectory to deliver free cash flow in excess of net income for the full year while returning at least 4.2 billion cash to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. And we continued to invest significantly to acquire skill and capability in key growth areas with a year-to-date capital investment of $1.2 billion across seven [ph] transactions. So we're pleased with our overall results in the third quarter which continued to demonstrate the durability of our growth, profitability, and cash flow. With that said let's get into the details of the quarter starting with new bookings. New bookings were $9.8 billion for the quarter, consulting bookings were $5.2 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1, outsourcing bookings were $4.6 billion also with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were very pleased with our new bookings, which represent 8% growth in local currency reflecting the second highest level of new bookings in our history with a record high in consulting bookings. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $8.87 billion, a 5% increase in USD and 7% in local currency reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of approximately 2% compared with a 2.5% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Our consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.8 billion, up 4% in USD and 6% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $4 billion, up 6% in USD and 7% in local currency.  Looking at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by operations which posted double-digit growth for the sixth consecutive quarter and application services, which delivered high-single-digit growth. Both operations and application services growth was fueled by significant rotation to The New. Strategy and consulting services combined continued to grow low-single digits. Across those businesses, the dominant driver continues to be strong double-digit growth in The New with all three components digital, cloud, and security growing double-digits as well. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, product flow at all operating groups was 15% growth driven by strong growth across all industries and geographies led by consumer goods, retail, and travel services. Financial services grew 6% in the quarter driven by strong growth in banking and capital markets globally and overall strong growth in both Europe and the growth markets. Resources grew 4% and returned to positive growth this quarter as expected reflecting growth across all geographies.  Globally we saw very strong growth in chemicals and natural resources and good growth in utilities while the challenges in energy continued. Communications media and technology also grew 4% reflecting strong double-digit growth in software and platforms which more than offset roughly flat growth in the other two industries. We saw solid overall growth in North America and very strong growth in the growth markets, partially offset by continued contraction in Europe.  Finally H&PS came in lower than expected at 2% growth as we did not see the uptick that we anticipated in both public service and health in North America. Our North America business was negatively impacted by a slower than expected decision making and initiation of new projects due to continued uncertainty on healthcare legislation and state and federal budgets. We now expect these factors to continue to impact our business at least through the fourth quarter. Moving down the income statement gross margin for the quarter was 32.8% compared to 31.9% the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.1% consistent with the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.2% compared to 5.3% for the same period last year. This quarter we recorded a settlement charge related to the terminations of our U.S. pension plan consistent with my comments in March. This $510 million charge decreased quarter three operating margin by 570 basis points, lowered our quarter three tax rate by 7.2% and decreased net income by $312 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.47. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results.  Operating income was $1.4 billion in the third quarter reflecting a 15.5% adjusted operating margin consistent with quarter three last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.6% compared with an effective tax rate of 26.5% for the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.52 compared with EPS of a $1.41 in the third quarter last year. Our days services outstanding were 41one days compared to 42 days last quarter and 41 days in the third quarter last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.7 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.8 billion net of property and equipment additions of 136 million. Our cash balance at May 31st was $3.4 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31st.  With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders in the third quarter we repurchased to redeem 4.9 million shares for $589 million at an average price of $120.50 per share. At May 31st we had 3.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned on May 15, 2017 we made our second semiannual dividend payment for fiscal 2017 in the amount of a $1.21 per share bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.6 billion.  So with three quarters in the books we feel good about our results today and we're working hard to deliver quarter four and another successful year. Now let me turn it back to Pierre. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong results for the quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy. We are successfully driving the business transformation at Accenture while at the same time consistently delivering above market performance. Today the breadth of capabilities we provide end to end is truly unique in the marketplace and we are well positioned to compete at scale in each of our five businesses driving synergies across them to deliver value and business outcomes for our clients. We continue to rotate our business to The New, digital, cloud, and security related services which again grew at a very strong double-digit rate in the quarter and now accounts for 50% of total revenue. I am absolutely delighted that we have achieved this significant milestone for our business so rapidly.  Our ascension to these new high growth areas, the differentiation of our capabilities in the market, and the diversity of our business have enabled us to continue to gain significant market share. The need to go digital remains a top priority for clients and we are investing aggressively to drive innovation and deliver digital transformation. A great example is the capability we have [indiscernible] Accenture Interactive and I am again delighted that for the second year in a row Advertising Age has named Accenture Interactive the largest provider of digital marketing services both globally and in the U.S.  Accenture Interactive is working with many of the world's leading brands to transform the customer experience. As an illustration with Carnival, the cruise operator we are helping develop a new platform using wearable technology, the Internet of Things and analytics to transform the guest experience with intelligent customerization. Carnival will be able to anticipate every passengers preferences, likes, and needs. And we continue to broaden the services we provide through Accenture Interactive. In the third quarter we acquired two creative and design agencies in Australia, the Monkeys and Maud and we acquired Kunstmann in Belgium to expand our digital and user experience capabilities. In today's digital and highly connected world security is essential and we're building a market leading security capability to help clients become more resilient. I am pleased that in the third quarter we saw very strong double-digit growth in our security business and we are bringing deep and differentiated expertise to our clients. We are working with a California based facility to protect its critical assets including nuclear power plants through expertise inside their security as well as identity and access management. Increasingly the work we do is enabled more and more by new IT including automation, robotics, and intelligent platforms. We are helping a global healthcare company embrace digital across its entire enterprise. Ultimately using Accenture myWizard, our intelligence automation platform to improve application quality and productivity. We are working with the U.S. Transportation Security Administration to modernize the enterprise applications using Agile and DevOps software development. And during the quarter we expanded our capabilities in intelligent automation with the acquisition of Genfour in the UK and earlier this month we acquired SolutionsIQ, a leading provider of Agile services adding some of the most experienced Agile coaches in the industry to our team. We continued to hold a unique position in the technology echo system as the leading partner of both the established providers and emerging players. Just last week Microsoft named Accenture it's SI partner of the year for the tenth year in a row. In May we received three SAP pinnacle awards more than any other company for our work helping clients design, deploy, and manage SAP enterprise systems. And we have expanded our collaboration with SAP to co-innovate, co-develop, and jointly go-to-market with new solutions that combine our industry expertise and analytics capabilities with SAP Leonardo, the new system that integrates digital technologies including match and learning, analytics, and Internet of Things. Turning out to the geographic dimensions of our business and our results for the quarter, in North America we delivered revenue growth of 3% in local currency driven by United States. As David mentioned this was below our expectations given the increased uncertainty in the marketplace in health and public service related to healthcare legislation and State and Federal projects. In Europe I am very pleased that we had another strong performance growing revenue 9% in local currency driven primarily by double-digit growth in the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. And in gross markets we delivered another excellent quarter with 13% growth in local currency led by very strong double-digit growth in Japan [ph] as well as double-digit growth in Australia as well as in Singapore. Before I hand it back to David, I want to take a moment to acknowledge some of the external recognition we have received for our brand and differentiated strategy. And again we never take this for granted. I am delighted that for the 12th year in a row we were recognized on BrandZ's list of the top 100 most valuable global brand. As well for the sixth consecutive year we were included in Forbes ranking of the top global brands. We improved our rankings and drove significant increases in brand value on both lists. And for the second year in a row we were among the top 25 companies on the Barron's 500 and we were also included on Barron's list of most respected companies. I strongly really believe that over the years we have built a durable business model for Accenture based on two major building blocks. First, our accelerated rotation to The New which enhances our relevance to clients. And second, our highly diverse portfolio of business which enables us to drive durable performance of a cycle of uncertainty and volatility. And that is why looking ahead I remain very confident in our business strategy and our market position. With that I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David. 
David P. Rowland: Thank you Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.85 billion to $9.10 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be negative 1.5% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2017 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 1% compared to fiscal 2016. For the full fiscal 2017 we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 6% to 7% growth in local currency over fiscal 2016. For operating margin on an adjusted basis we now expect fiscal year 2017 to be 14.8%, a 20 basis point expansion over fiscal 2016 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate on an adjusted basis to be in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%.  Our earnings per share on an adjusted basis we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2017 to be in the range of $5.84 to $5.91 or 9% to 11% growth over adjusted fiscal 2016 results. For the full fiscal 2017 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be in the range of 600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.3 billion. We continue to expect to return at least 4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by slightly more than 1% as we remain committed to returning substantial portion of the cash to shareholders. And finally for the full year we now expect to invest in the range of $1.8 billion in acquisitions. With that let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie.
Angie Park: Thanks David. I would ask that you each stick to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Ryan would you provide instructions for those on the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, good morning, thanks. Just let me start by asking about bookings. Bookings were good and in line with where we were at, you said it would improve in the second half, it did in the third quarter, do you expect that momentum to carry into the fourth quarter, have you replenished the pipeline, etc. going into 4Q? 
David P. Rowland: Yeah we still hate tension by the way. We feel good about our bookings position in the fourth quarter and we expect to have another very good quarter of bookings. So we think that momentum does continue. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay and then on just The New revenue here versus the, I guess you want to call it legacy or The Not New, any surprise in the trend there, just thinking about the math and if there's been any change in momentum in either? 
David P. Rowland: Well, I would say on that front it's really been more of the same. Our growth in The New continues to go at very, very high levels, well above 30% growth in the quarter which is what we've seen pretty consistently this year. The market demand is tremendous and it plays extremely well to the investments that we've made over the last several years now and building capabilities to be the leader in that part of the marketplace. So we're extremely pleased it is broad based literally across our operating groups, our 15 geographic units. And if you look at the three components of digital, cloud, and security again, very strong double-digit growth really across the board. So we couldn't be more pleased with what we see in that part of our business.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Edward Caso: Hi, good morning. I was curious about your efforts on the acquisition front. Obviously you're providing all your cash flow back to investors and therefore using the cash on your balance sheet to fund your fairly aggressive acquisition program. At what point do you hit a level where you desire to have your cash?
David P. Rowland: Well I think -- and we've talked about this before and we are fortunate in that with the strength of our overall financials including our balance sheet we have a lot of levers at our disposal as we manage our business really for many years to come. When we look out our need to acquire critical skills and capabilities in important growth areas in the market, we don't see that changing certainly over the next three years. And so we think that's going to continue to be an important part of our investment strategy. We think it will be an important part of an engine for growth overall and ultimately for us. As you know, this is all about quickly assimilating these capabilities and driving organic growth over time. So we really see more of the same with our acquisition strategy going forward, and we think we have the financial flexibility to accommodate that while also returning cash to shareholders. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, not much to add, I think we have an extremely clear strategy at Accenture, which is all about rotating to The New, and in order to enable this strategy, we have set very clear financial context we shared with all of you on how we are going to locate our cash and our free cash flow with this rate, at the same time investing more than ever to the transformation of Accenture to give the relevant services of the future and create durable performance over the next cycle of change and at the same time continuing with very, I guess very good return to shareholder approach, both in term of share buyback and in terms of dividends. So we believe that this strategy is playing very well, and as David mentioned we still have opportunities to invest even more should that be required leveraging more our balance sheets one way or the other. So I feel extremely good with where we are from an investment standpoint, from a financial standpoint, and from our strategic allocation of cash. 
Edward Caso: My other related question is around the assimilation of these employees, these are generally smaller, more entrepreneurial firms that generally have a different character of employee than a traditional Accenture trained and developed person. Can you give us any sense for the attrition at these acquired companies that are relative to the base and how you're managing that? Thank you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks for the question because it was -- when we decided our new strategy of rotating to The New that was clearly a big question we had in front of us. We benefit from Accenture from a very strong culture, you know, very well based on what we've been doing for multiple decades. And when you are rotating to The New and The New is still different in terms of you mentioned digital, we are talking about the millennium, but again in terms of disciplines such as design-led thinking such as experience driven projects such as prototyping, such as being more Agile, DevOps, no doubt you need to attract people who are going to be different from where you are. And simply said, we make what I think is a very profound and important evolution in our industry which is creating this concept of Accenture, we have a culture of cultures. So we celebrate the diversity of the cultures, so we are extremely respectful of the cultural field which is our design, digital marketing organization with now thousand people. We have the largest digital design studio in the world. We are extremely respectful of the people we are hiring from security. As you know that well and I would not elaborate these people are different in the security specs and they're walking like a tribe around their own discipline and we are extremely respectful to keep that culture. That's why we created end-to-end Accenture Security under the leadership of Kelly Bissell, an incredibly strong security leader on the side by Omar Abbosh our Chief Strategy Officer. So we developed this culture, this concept of culture of cultures, very different from this old and I think outdated concept of one culture.  On the other end we are extremely stringent on our values and we are making a big difference around cultures. They have to be different which is what is bringing richness in our company and innovation but the values shouldn’t be compromised and are not for negotiation. And the values at Accenture we will never negotiate with respect for individual inclusion and diversity, ethics, compliance, client first, stewardship, and all of this has nothing to do with culture. It's just the appropriate business and personnel behavior you and I and everybody on the planet should develop. And I think we have been very good in creating and developing this culture of cultures concept and right David, all the integration we made, all but I am not saying that's likely been successful. 
David P. Rowland: Yeah, are we carefully manage the retention of the people in these companies that we acquire and our performance have really over the last three years in terms of retaining talent has been very good.
Edward Caso: Thank you. 
David P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
David P. Rowland: Good morning Bryan. 
Bryan Bergin: Thank you. As the number comes from majority share of your business how should we think about potential changes and corporate revenue trajectory or particularly margin expansion, do you foresee any inflection in item over the medium-term?
Pierre Nanterme: You know, again I will stop short of saying anything that would imply guidance for next year or beyond. But I would say that broadly speaking if you look at two of our three overriding financial objectives the first one being to drop durable growth which is consistently above the market, as I said taking share and extending our position as a market leader. And in the second overriding objective which is consistent, modest margin expansion while investing in increasing scale in our business and driving EPS growth faster than revenue growth we remain committed to those as kind of multi-year objectives that we work very hard to achieve. And I think the rotation to the new creates more opportunity for achieving those as opposed to a threat. So that is -- I think it gives us better positioning and a better opportunity to continue to deliver on those overtime.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, and just a follow up then, just as far as expanding into some of our markets, interactive business I thought was a great example of getting you access into an area within the same office. Are there other areas that you're potentially looking at within client wallets that are logical extensions that you might be targeting?
Pierre Nanterme: Security is another one with the business resulting with Accenture Security. Clearly we are expanding our access to new leaders. Given the depth and breadth of all services you are absolutely right, it is our ambition to increase the coverage of the leaders we might serve with clients from the CEO, the CFO, the COO, the CIO. Now the Chief Digital Officer with the launch of Accenture Digital, you know, there are new leaders under this terminology and we want to be the top choice for the newly appointed CDOs which should be a quite a natural act. You mentioned the CMOs with what we are doing with Accenture Interactive. And we have all the business in the different parts of the business. So if I am looking at Accenture we have now settled with the five businesses. We have in this businesses you have all the activities such as analytics, interactive, mobility, cloud, security. I could mention Accenture Credit services. We are in the U.S. which is providing access in banks to credit part of the organization and I mentioned a lot. So I guess and I would claim that we are settling the organization in professional services which today broader access to any client leadership group. 
Bryan Bergin: Thank you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning guys. I am good. So question just around the mix of business. So I noticed GDN mix down ticked slightly this quarter that's quite unusual. I think that's the first time in years that's happened. And at the same time you had a really strong headcount growth quarter at over 10% but then David in your comments you called out that you're seeing very strong growth in The New in areas like application and services which suggests more like build related activities which I would associate with offshore. So kind of two part question coming out of that; one, are you with the strong headcount growth and GDN mix that are stabilizing are we going to see an acceleration in revenue per head that might cause some break in the linearly in the business? And then also just secondarily can you just talk a little bit about the mix of the type of work you're seeing in The New as it gets to be over 50% of the business and if that's sort of fundamentally different in terms of mix of service lines relative to the core? 
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah maybe I get a start with our strategic direction on this. We are working extremely hard as you know at Accenture on robotic automation and bringing intelligent capabilities to significantly improve our productivity especially where we have large-scale operations so with technology and in operations. So we are working hard on what you said how we are moving forward we're going to have less direct correlation between revenue and headcount. And clearly the big game on this is to accelerate our investments in robotic automation and intelligent services which is exactly [indiscernible] for Accenture Technology and Debbie Polyshoot [ph] for Accenture Operation are working extremely hard. And we are starting to see some very encouraging results where we could drive more revenues with a bit less people in some part of Accenture Operations and in some part of our BPO. We are starting to feel the support of inflection. Certainly we need another year or 18 months to see whether this trend might accelerate and change the dynamic between revenue and headcount growth which is something of course we are pursuing systematically.  On the second question what is the complexion of our work in term with The New. I mean the good news is we were taking everything to The New, strategy, consulting, digital of course, technology, and operations. And all our services in The New are going very well. Strategy and consulting growth in The New is double-digit. But as well it is driving significant growth in Accenture Technology and in our platforms if I am looking at the business with driving analytics through SAP Hana and tomorrow with SAP Leonardo is driving significant growth in the new SAP, in the new Microsoft, in the new Oracle. And I can mention -- and I could mention others but as well it is creating activities in operations. I am thinking about what we're doing in customer analytics leading to Accenture Analytics or to Accenture Interactive it is driving business with platform as a service in terms of analytics what we are calling Accenture Analytics insight platform. This is a service which is directly linked to the new services we are providing from an analytical standpoint. So it's really The New is driving growth in each of our five business in a very meaningful way. And we love that. 
David P. Rowland: Yeah, and Lisa I would say that you may remember that it was the third quarter of last year and then again in the fourth quarter where I had made comments that we were starting to see an improving trend and the progression of revenue per billable head. And so you asked will we start to see that, I think we have seen instances of that if you look over the last three or four quarters. The other thing just to remind you and others who are looking at the headcount numbers GDN includes our locations around the world including GDN headcount and let's say the more mature markets. And so GDN is in the United States as an example it's not just India and the Philippines.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, thanks. And just one quick follow up Pierre I think on your comment there on The New. So would you characterize at this point if you just compared this year versus maybe like this time last year or two years ago that the mix of work in The New now is much more diverse across your service lines, you're fully into what I'd call more like build and run activities? 
Pierre Nanterme: Absolutely right, and I think we see and I'm pleased with that we see this new maturing. So as all services you have a kind of maturity curve where you are starting with more pioneering strategy consulting rich programs, kind of prototyping in the early phase of the maturity curve. What we see is now all these New capabilities, I'm thinking about interactivity, mobility, identity, cloud, security soon come into traffic artificial intelligent block chain and immersive reality and certainly in the near future quantum computing. All of this new capabilities are getting more mature, are driving on balance bigger programs, and as we are moving from small prototyping to bigger programs suddenly it is expanding in several service lines from strategy to consulting but as well to technology and to operations. So we -- this business is maturing very well at Accenture with a positive effect in all our five businesses if you will and indeed we see more bigger deals which is a sign of the market maturing.
David P. Rowland: Thank you Lisa. 
Operator: Our next question comes on of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, wanted to ask about the Accenture business dimensions, the growth rates there have surprised me. I guess on one hand app services which grew mid single-digits in fiscal year 2016 has gone up to high single-digits and I know there's a lot of worries in the marketplace about a secular decline in that business so that's been a surprise on the positive end. And then on the other strategy and consulting which grew double-digits in fiscal year 2016 is kind of hovering below kind of my expectations at low single-digits. So just trying to understand the strength in app services versus the weakness in strategy and consulting? 
David P. Rowland: Yeah, I think when you -- I will make a few comments and Pierre may have some as well. But first of all when you look at app services it's important to focus on the point that our growth is coming from the higher value application engineering, systems integration type work that is driven by the adoption of new IT in this rotations of The New. And so to some extent it kind of ties back to Lisa's question and Pierre's answer is that what you're starting to see is the adoption rate of new IT and digital broadly is increasing. You're starting in our business to see more systems integration application work associated with the implementation of digital technologies, new IP, etc and I think that is really what's driving our application services.  We've said before, Pierre has said many times that our strategy in app services is to rapidly grow and expand in the SI space. The application outsourcing is a different marketplace, it is largely commoditized, and we will continue to have an application maintenance footprint but our application services business is really all about the systems integration, application engineering, enabling the adoption of new IT and digital technologies for our clients. And that's reflected in the pickup in growth rates.  Maybe just one more comment on the strategy and consulting combined again that can ebb and flow. Pierre also eluded earlier and it's worth noting again is that you really have to decompose the strategy consulting number to really understand what's going on. And if you look at our strategy and consulting business that is related to projects in The New that part of strategy and consulting is growing mid teens. So let's say in the 15% kind range. So it's a very, very strong growth for those services related to enabling The New with our clients. The area that is not as robust right now let's say is the more traditional strategy and consulting that is not specifically tied to this rotation to The New.
Bryan Keane: Okay, that's helpful and then just as a follow up on contributions of acquisitions. How much did acquisitions contribute to the quarterly revenue growth and I know we talked about 2.5 points for the back half of the year, I don't know since you took up the amount that you were going to spend on acquisitions I think it went up to a little bit to 1.8 billion from 1.5 billion, if that changed anything for the outlook? Thanks so much. 
David P. Rowland: You know that does have materially changed the number because obviously we're acquiring these -- let's say that increases more in the back of the last three months of the year. So that has more of an impact on 2018 than it does this year. Having said that we still think we're going to be at roughly in the ballpark of 2% for the full year. Previously I have said the back half of the year would be 2.5%. It will be just incrementally kind of above that but not materially above that. So clearly it is consistent with what I have said before, a slightly higher in the back half of the year than the 2.5%.
Bryan Keane: Okay, thanks so much. I'm just curious on the third quarter itself, was it up to 2.5 points so far or not quite yet?
David P. Rowland: Yeah, in that zone. 
Bryan Keane: Okay, thanks so much. 
David P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes on of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David P. Rowland: Good morning Jim. 
Jim Schneider: Hello, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe comment on the North America piece of the business, what are you hearing from clients just broadly speaking, can you maybe just kind of give us a sense about whether the North America slowdown was purely isolated to the health and public service area or what you are hearing from clients generally and what you expect that to be kind of like a one off one quarter thing or something that could continue for a couple of quarters? 
David P. Rowland: First of all as it relates to our expectations and then Pierre may add some comments as well. But let me just deal with the results relative to our expectations. So we had seen slower growth in H&PS in quarter one and quarter two. You will remember quarter two was a 2% which is where we ended up and not in quarter three. We had expected not based on hope but based on what we felt was kind of tangible evidence in the second quarter that we were going to see an uptick in growth in the third quarter in the second half of the year and that's what I called out 90 days ago. What we saw was that, that uptick if you will or that freeing up of the initiation of new projects and let's say a return to more normal decision making patterns on contracting new work, that just simply did not improve as we had expected. And so if you look at North America and the difference between where we landed and where we expected to land, the difference is the vast majority of that is in health and public service for the reasons I mentioned in the script. It's the difference between North America growth being at 3% and 5% order of magnitude. And it was the difference -- it was probably a point of growth, it was a point of growth at the expense level in total. So it was meaningful. Having said that we have a very strong health and public service practice and at some point the logjam will break and work will be initiated and we will be right there and again when that happens. And of course broadly in North America we feel that way as well. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely right and I understand you are asking this question on North America. For me on the positive side we continue to grow more than the market and gaining significant market share in North America despite the fact that the level of growth is lower at the level of growth of the market as we are analyzing it as well as slowing down. Secondly our rotation to The New in North America is excellent and we're going to get close to 50% as with the rest of Accenture. So we have zero issues in terms of executing our strategy. And three, we continue to invest. So we are not changing our investment profile and we believe it's the right time to invest, to be prepared for the future and to be prepared when the market will be good again.  Now what is the situation and indeed a big difference from what we expected three months ago, these annual, you should probably know, when you are in the U.S. and French you are probably have a certainly better informed point of view on this but there is an expectation that indeed the new administration will launch critical reforms in order to boost the business and economy growth. And this economic reform probably I would say the one which are the most important, the healthcare reform, the tax reform, the trade reform and anything linked to the infrastructure investments. And all of these four were the ones supposed to indeed unleash more growth for the business so the business could invest and drive more growth. And by driving more growth and driving more investment we would have a positive impact.  Fact of the matter of is that we don't do this to be honest, three months ago because just rating the observers and all the analytics we believe that these four reforms would happen reasonably rapidly in the U.S. And fact of the matter they are not yet being announced or executed and so we are in this zone where the business is still waiting, it's still positive but waiting for these reforms to happen, to invest and so which has a negative effect especially on H&PS which has been the vertical more impacted by this kind of wait and see mode on what could happen with the reform. And we are ready to in fact in these couple of quarters the overall profit for services market in the U.S. been slowing down. And so to some extent we are moderating with the market while continuing to do much better than the market. And so I am positive that when the market will be back because that will happen we are in better position than anyone else given the investment and the positioning we are taking. So I'm looking that with my French glasses and I would encourage the U.S. to accelerate their reforms. 
David P. Rowland: And as I said it's a perfect illustration though of the power of the diversity of our model where Europe and the growth markets combined in the third quarter and grew double-digits 10%. And so that is intentionally the way our business is constructed for this exact reason. And so it is working as designed. 
Pierre Nanterme: And it's interesting to see, sorry to elaborate, but I think it's important for all the people listening to the call because you might wonder is why things are doing so well in Europe. We have 9% growth and you know it is -- but I think in Europe you have less uncertainties now. I think we had good prospect that probably Germany might re-elect Angela Merkel so it's a poll of stability. I guess, the election of Emmanuel Macron in France has been recognized and celebrated by the market because he is pro-European which has created a very positive impact around whether Europe will disappear or not.  I think Germany and France are being extraordinary for business is recreating a very solid coalition and the Brexit thing is moving at its pace but the place we know it is going to happen. So it's not an uncertainty. The uncertainty is what exactly, is it going to be hard, soft, gentle probably the European will figure out as a -- or we can figure it out over centuries. But it's interesting if you take China. China I guess not much uncertainty. The credibility is very clear on what it wants to achieve, it's driving these five years of reform program. So you see what I mean. It's interesting that there is one place, it is a big place in the world where you have this kind of wait for the reforms to happen it is currently in the United States. But I am personally feeling very good that these reforms will happen and the business will pick up again.
Jim Schneider: That that's helpful, thank you for the color. And just as a quick follow up going back to the M&A question for a second, if you look at the run rate of M&A that you are doing in Q4 this year, would you expect that to accelerate incrementally from here getting into fiscal 2018? And then I think Pierre you made an allusion to using the balance sheet for M&A, does that imply you're willing to put some debt on the balance sheet to finance more M&A at this point? 
David P. Rowland: I think as it relates to your last question we said consistently for as long as I can remember that we always I mean we're well aware of that being an option and given the right circumstances we would have no concern about doing that. And we would as we always do we would make very smart decisions as to when and at what level we do that. But that is certainly an option that is open to us and we have no concerns at all about using that option given the right circumstances. 
Pierre Nanterme: I mean so far we said, I mean David and I we are extremely disciplined. And our financial model is extremely clear and has been communicated to all of you. We expect 20% to 30% of our annual growth to be driven by acquisitions. Our growth is 70% to 80% organic. Let's be clear and frequent from that and 20% to 30% of annual growth my counter acquisitions depending on the opportunities. These things are lumpy so about that we expect that anything between 20% to 35% every year of free cash flow will be dedicated to acquisition and the right as we do would be a return to our shareholders in a program which I think is extremely attractive to all of you with the mix share buyback and dividend.  So this is our ongoing thesis from a financial algorithm if you will. Now we have opportunities by leveraging more to balance it to if we have any relevant opportunities that would bring differentiation that would be more transformation, more leadership in The New. In some spaces it could be artificial intelligence, factoring immersive realities, quantum computing, would say what to make some significant steps. But so far we are with our ongoing thesis I just mentioned before and we are very pleased with where we are and I'm very pleased that we have what we need if we have for good reasons to move faster or make different transactions. 
Jim Schneider: Thank you. 
David P. Rowland: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Koning with Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Koning: Yeah, hey guys, thank you. I guess first of all just when we think of The New I think you said about 50% of revs now when we looked back a year ago was about 40% of revs. So it's growing like 25% to 30%, something like that whereas the rest the business is declining high single-digits it looks like. Is that just existing clients are just shifting their preferences rather than really some of that old stuff just going away, it's just a shift? And then I guess second, to that overall growth has decelerated a little bit, is that because of the yield on some of the new projects are a little less than some of the legacy?
David P. Rowland: You know first of all when you look at overall growth, when we provide a guidance of 5 to 8 at the beginning of the year and of course we're going to land very solidly within that range we have said that growing double-digits each and every year is just an unrealistic expectation. We worked hard to drive as much growth as we can but each and every year we're not going to drop double-digit growth. And we think that we look at our growth rate against what the market is growing and in a market that lets say generally has grown let's say anywhere in the 2.5% to 4% range, let's say if you looked over the last two to three years if we're growing 7% as we are this year we're growing two times the rate of the market growth. And so are we lower than where we were double-digit growth, the last two years, we are but we're growing two times the rate of overall market growth which is clearly the indicator of a leader in the sector. And so that's what we're all about and growth in the 5% to 8% range where we've got to 6% to 7% growth is actually quite strong growth in the market. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, I mean we are just reflecting on when I'm looking at the performance of the company and we are in the right place or not I mean summarizing what we are really doing at Accenture we said our revenue would be in the range of 5% to 8%, right David, I mean so far we are at 7%, right in the zone. Then the question might be is 7 good or not. The only way to understand whether 7 is good or not is to compare with the rest of the market. And we believe that at 7% we're growing twice the market and growing twice the market for a company of our size is an incredible positive results.  Second, part of our philosophy as well, at the same time our revenues are growing 7%, our EPS is growing 10%. We're growing the EPS more than our revenues and again I think it's a sign of good financial performance. I remember that it said we want to grow EPS at the same rate as our revenues. We are growing EPS even slightly higher than the revenue which is of course an exceptional performance from David. And then for me David is taking care of the numbers and I am taking care of the strategy that's why we have -- we are a good duo. For me if there is a highlight for this quarter and I hope that's the one you're going to take, is this 50%.  There are all sorts of metrics, all sort of numbers there which I think are all landing in the right place. We are probably beating our guidance, we said three months ago on each and every dimension and providing extraordinary good financial. But then what's important I think for all of you and for me, are we executing this strategy which is going to create a new Accenture which could be competitive for the future. And again it is a yes, that's why I wanted to put even in the announcement for the first time outside in what according to figures we had that we hit the milestone of 50% and I would like all of us analyst, investors because you're putting a lot of confidence on Accenture to celebrate this milestone because it's a very big and important milestone for us at Accenture. We will properly celebrate in Boston with a very nice glass of Coca-Cola among other things by the way because we are still humble so no champagne yet. But it is very important jokes apart. I mean imagine what it is in 44 years we are rotating 50% of the business of the company of $35 billion to The New.  That's what has been achieved and we're not going to stop there. We will continue accelerating because we won by 20:20 towards the vast majority of our revenues being in The New. This might turn 50% was for me at least was for me the highlight of the quarter and I hope it is as well something you will consider extremely important in the successful execution of our strategy together with the rights to very strong financial performance. 
Pierre Nanterme: So that being said thanks again for joining us on today's call. I mean needless to say and with a few words I just said before the conclusion that I and the leadership team of Accenture we feel good about where we are. We feel good about where we are because we continue to build on our strong position in the marketplace, I mean what we have said. We are rotating our business to The New which is now 50% of our revenues and again I would like to pound that because for me it's exceptional. We are gaining significant market share growing in average twice as fast as the market and I think this is very noticeable in each and every market if you look at this.  North America, Europe, and the gross market, the minimum is twice the market. In some markets we're growing much more than twice, sometimes four times the market and we continue to gain market share. And we continue and this is where I'm delighted with what we're doing, we continue to invest in new capabilities to drive future growth and to create the future of that company while delivering value for all of you but as well for all our stakeholders including 4000 people who are working every day very hard to transform the company and make Accenture the partner of choice for many of our clients. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime if you have any questions please feel free to call Angie and the team. All the best and talk to you very soon. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. I want to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-03-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Angie Park - Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley & Co. Joe Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. During today's conference all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Angie Park. Please go ahead.
Angie Park: Thank you, Shannon and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As Shannon just mentioned, I'm Angie Park, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2017. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on the call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's News Release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed on this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our News Release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Angie, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our financial results for the second quarter and first half of fiscal year 2017. For the quarter, we again delivered broad based revenue growth across many dimensions of our business and we continued to gain significant market share. We see excellent demand for our services especially in high growth areas such as digital, cloud and security-related. Our very strong bookings culture both are relevant and success of our strategy to rotate our business to the new and support our confidence as we look ahead to the rest of the fiscal year. Here are a few highlights for the second quarter and year-to-date. We delivered very strong new bookings of $9.2 billion for the quarter and $17.5 billion for the first half. We grew revenue 6% in local currency for the quarter and 7% year-to-date with continued strong growth across many areas of our business. We delivered earnings per share of $1.33 which brings EPS for the first half of the year to $2.91 an 11% increase on an adjusted basis. Operating margin was 13.7% for the quarter and 14.7% for the six months an expansion of 20 basis points year-to-date. We generated free cash flow of $50 million for the quarter and $1 billion year-to-date. And we continue to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including more than $2 billion year-to-date. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.21 per share which would bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.42 per share a 10% increase over last year. Now with the first half of the year behind us I feel very good about our business. We see very strong demand in the marketplace for differentiated capabilities and remain confident in our ability to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now let me handover to David who will review the numbers in greater details. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thanks Pierre, and thanks all of you for joining us on today's call. Overall we delivered strong results in the second quarter which were aligned with our expectations and position us very well to achieve our full-year financial guidance. We continue to see favorable market conditions in most areas of our business especially as it relates to strong demand for digital, cloud, and security related services which placed us straight as a leader in innovating and leading in The New. Our second quarter and year-to-date results demonstrate our ability to continue to deliver on the essential elements of our formula for driving superior shareholder value. So before I get into the details let me summarize some of the major headlines. Net revenue growth in local currency is 6% in the second quarter and 7% year-to-date, continues to significantly outpace the market driven by double-digit growth in all three components of The New including digital, cloud, and security related services. Growth continues to be broad based with positive growth in the vast majority of our industries and geographic markets more than offsetting cyclical market pressures that continue in a few concentrated areas of our business specifically energy, chemicals, and natural resources and communications and media. Absent those concentrated areas of pressure, the majority of our business grew 9% on a quarter to date basis and 10% on a year-to-date basis. Operating margin of 13.7% for the quarter came in as expected and consistent with last year. Operating margin of 14.7% for the first half of the year represents 20 basis points of expansion. These results continue to reflect significant levels of investments in our business and our people to further enhance our differentiation and competitiveness in the marketplace. And on a year-to-date basis, we delivered 11% growth in earnings per share over fiscal 2016 adjusted EPS. Our free cash flow of $50 million in the quarter and over $1 billion year-to-date puts us on a trajectory to deliver on our annual guidance which reflects free cash flow in excess of net income and importantly we continue to execute against our strategic capital allocation objectives, first by investing over $800 million across 16 transactions in the first half of the year and second by returning roughly $2.2 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. So as Pierre said, we are pleased with our overall results so far this year and we're encouraged by the trends we see in the market and the potential for even stronger growth and momentum in the second half of the year. With that said, let's get into the details of the quarter starting with new bookings. New bookings were $9.2 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $4.6 billion with a book to bill of 1.1 and outsourcing bookings were $4.6 billion with a book to bill of 1.2. We are very pleased with our bookings, which landed in the range we expected and represents the third highest level of new bookings over the past 10 quarters. From a business dimension perspective, we were pleased with our bookings in both strategy and consulting services combined and application services. And as you would expect digital, cloud and security related services continued to be an important theme in the work we contracted with our clients. Looking forward, we began the third quarter with a healthy pipeline and we believe we're positioned for continued strong bookings in the second half of the year. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $8.32 billion a 5% increase in USD, 6% local currency reflected in our foreign exchange headwind of approximately 2% consistent with the guidance provided last quarter. Our Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.4 billion up 3% in USD and 5% local currency and our outsourcing revenues were $3.9 billion up 7% in USD and 8% in local currency. Looking at the trends in estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by operations which posted double-digit growth for the fifth consecutive quarter. Application Services delivered mid single-digit growth and Strategy and Consulting Services combined grew low single-digits. Once again the dominant driver of our growth was continued strong double-digit growth in The New with all three components going double-digits as well. Taking a closer look at our operating results, Products our largest operating group led with 15% growth reflecting continued strong momentum in the business. Growth continued to be broad based with strong growth across all geographies and industries. Financial Services grew 8% in the quarter driven by double-digit growth in banking and capital markets globally and overall in both Europe and the growth markets. As expected, banking and capital markets in North America returned to positive growth this quarter. H&PS came in as expected at 2% growth with positive growth in both Health & Public Service globally and strong overall growth in both Europe and the growth markets. Overall growth in North America was flat. We expect H&PS a to deliver stronger growth in the second half of the year and to deliver full-year growth in the mid-single-digit range consistent with the comments I made in September. Communications, Media and Technology grew 1% reflecting solid positive growth in North America and double-digit growth in the growth markets partially offset by continued contraction in Europe. From an industry perspective, CMT was led by significant double-digit growth in software and platforms with positive growth in Electronics & High Tech. However, Communications and Media contracted on an overall basis primarily driven by our business in Europe. We expect the revenue growth in our European Communications & Media business will continue to be challenged for the rest of the year. Finally, Resources revenues decreased 1% in the quarter which is in the range we expected and the storyline remains the same. We continue to see strong growth in utilities which is more than offset by challenges in both Energy and Chemicals and Natural Resources, especially in North America. We expect our Resources group to continue to navigate a challenging environment, but to deliver positive growth in the second half of the year. Moving now to income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 30.1% compared to 29.8% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% consistent with the same quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 5.9% compared to 5.7% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.1 billion in second quarter reflecting a 13.7% operating margin consistent with quarter two last year. As a reminder, in the second quarter of last year we closed our Navitaire transaction which lowered our quarter two tax rate by 1.7% and increased net income by $495 million in diluted earnings per share by $0.74. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.7% compared with an adjusted tax rate of 15.4% for the same period last year. Net income was $887 million for the second quarter compared with adjusted net income of $805 [ph] million for the same quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.33 compared with adjusted EPS of a $1.34 in the second quarter last year. Days services outstanding were 42 days compared to 44 days last quarter and 39 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $50 million resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $155 million net of property and equipment additions of $104 million. Our cash balance at February 28 was $3.2 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return the cash to shareholders in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 7 million shares for $816 million at an average share price of $117.27 per share. At February 28 we had approximately $4.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre just mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $1.21 per share representing a 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May of last year and this dividend will be paid on May 15, 2017. So at the halfway point in 2017 we feel good about our results and our positioning to deliver on our full year business outlook, we continue to be laser focused on driving our business to achieve our core financial objectives which include growing faster than the market, delivering modest margin expansion and strong EPS growth, investing at scale for market leadership, and generating strong cash flow which is both invested in the business and return to shareholders through disciplined and smart capital allocation. With that, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong performance in the second quarter and year-to-date demonstrated that we are executing our strategy very well to position Accenture as the leading and most innovative professional services company for the new digital world. With 7% revenue growth in local currency in the first half of the fiscal year, we are clearly growing faster than the market. This is driven by our accelerated rotations to The New, digital, cloud and security related services which generated revenues of about $8 billion in the first half, more than 45% of total revenues and continue to grow at a strong double-digit rate. And I am particularly pleased that we have achieved these results while continuing to invest for the future in strategic acquisitions, in building assets and solutions and the skills of our people while at the same time returning substantial cash to shoulders. For Accenture, acquisitions are managing to drive organic growth above the market and we have stepped up our base of acquisitions investing more than $800 million of capital in the first half of the fiscal year. And in the second quarter alone we completed or announced 11 acquisitions to further strengthen our capabilities. In digital we are acquiring SinnerSchrader, one of the largest digital agencies in Germany. In cloud we acquired solid servision a leading ServiceNow provider. In security we acquired Endgame for the oil services business and announced the acquisition of iDefense and Arismore. Avanade, our majority owned joint venture with Microsoft acquired Infusion [ph] a leading provider of digital transformation services in the Microsoft ecosystem. And we completed three acquisitions that further enhanced our industry deep expertise, Investec Asset Management [ph], [indiscernible] Group Innovation [ph] and Davies Consulting in utilities. Across Accenture we are leveraging the capabilities we have acquired to bring even more innovation to clients and to drive growth and scale organically. With [indiscernible] which is part of Accenture digital we can with Shell [ph] and Jaguar Land Rover to create the first ever payment system in a car. This new innovation allows drivers to pay at sales stations using an in counter screen and app ultimately delivering a better and more convenient customer experience. In banking and capital markets our recent acquisitions of InvestTech and Beacon Consulting are further strengthening our asset management capabilities adding deep skills and industry expertise which has enabled us to win new business with top gear asset managers. And in security with the capability of FusionX which we acquired in 2015 we are helping a large international resource company secure millions of daily tractions providing advanced services such as security audit across 15 properties, digital identity management and rigorous testing to prevent cyber attacks. We also continue to make significant investments in our unique innovation architecture which integrates our capability across research, ventures, labs and studios to pioneer new ways of collaborating with clients to develop and deliver disruptive innovations. As part of our innovation led approach, we are opening new facilities around the world including several in just the last few months. In Dublin, we open The Dock our new multidisciplinary innovation R&D and incubation hub where all elements of our innovation architecture come to life. The Dock is a launch pad for our more than 200 researchers to innovate with clients and acquisition partners with a particular focus on artificial intelligence. In Hong Kong, we launched an Accenture Liquid Studio where we are bringing together end-to-end digital customer experience services for clients. In London and Singapore, we opened new Accenture Liquid Studios designed to help clients apply rapid development techniques like Agile methodologies and DevOps to quickly turn concepts into products. And finally in the United States, we are accelerating our innovation investment including 10 new innovation hubs. We just opened our first one in Houston enabling us to collaborate more closely with clients to co-create and scale innovative solutions. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business, I am going to comment on our result for both the quarter and the first half of the year. In North America, we grew revenues in local currency 4% for the quarter and 5% year-to-date driven by United States, where we continue to grow ahead of the market. And given our strong market position and pipeline we expect to see stronger growth in North America in the second half of the fiscal year. In Europe, we continue to grow significantly ahead of the market with 7% revenue growth in local currency for both the quarter and the first half driven primarily by double-digit growth in the United Kingdom, Germany and Switzerland. We are confident Europe will keep up the strong pace in the second half. And in growth markets we were very pleased with a 9% growth in local currency for the quarter and 10% year-to-date, led once again by very strong double-digit growth in Japan as well as strong growth in China and Australia. We expect growth markets to accelerate its growth in the second half. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our talent strategy to lead in The New. The large scale transformation of our business is requiring a very significant investment in our people to ensure they have the most relevant skills to serve our clients both today and in the future. We are proactively training and up scaling thousands of people in key areas such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics. In New IT alone which is all about new architectures, intelligence platforms and automation, we have already trained more than 70,000 people in just over a year. Our approach to continuously investing in the scales and capabilities of our people helps us meet the needs of our clients and enhances our ability to attract the very best talent in our industry. And that is why I'm very proud that Accenture was recently named one of the Fortune’s best companies to work for, for the ninth consecutive year. So with that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David?
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ‘17 we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.65 billion to $8.90 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be negative 2.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal '16 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '17 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 2% compared to fiscal '16. For the full fiscal '17, we now expect our net revenue to be in the range of 6% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal '16. Before I continue with our business outlook, as a reminder, in March 2016, we announced the termination of our U.S. pension plan. We expect to record a non-cash charge of approximately $425 million upon final settlement in quarter three 2017. We will provide both GAAP and adjusted quarter three and year-to-date results. For operating margin on an adjusted basis, we continue to expect fiscal '17 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '16 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate on an adjusted basis to be in the range of 22% to 24%. For earnings per share on an adjusted basis and reflecting our updated revenue range, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '17 to be in the range of $5.70 to $5.87 or 7% to 10% growth over adjusted fiscal '16 results. For the full fiscal '17, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in a range of $4 billion to $4.3 billion. We continue to expect to return at least $4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by slightly more than 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. And finally for the full year, we now expect to invest in the range of $1.5 billion in acquisitions. With that let's open it up so we can take your questions. Angie?
Angie Park: Thank you, David. I would ask that you please keep to one question and one followup to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Shannon, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning Bryan.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning David. I just wanted to ask on bookings it came in at $9.2 billion. I know the Street was at $10 billion and $9.2 billion I think is down 3% year-over-year, but it sounds like that was within the range of your expectations. So just trying to gauge was bookings a little bit lighter than you expected or was Street just too aggressive in their assumptions? And then just secondly on the potential for stronger growth in second half ‘17 may be you can just give us an idea of what that looks like between consulting and outsourcing, in particular consulting slowed a little bit this quarter, but maybe it sounds like it’s going to pick up? Thanks so much.
David Rowland: Yes, so first of all on the bookings – putting aside the consensus estimate what I had signaled last quarter that we felt confident that bookings would be stronger in the second quarter than the first quarter beginning pattern of building through the year which is typically what we've seen. And so we ended up with about $1 billion more in bookings in the second quarter versus the first quarter that’s consistent with the comments that I made and it's in the range that we expected. I mean, as you know there is – you know in any particular quarter there are few deals that can fall on either side of the line, so we will always have kind of a range that we expect to land in and we are very solidly in the range that we expected. And for the full year, we’re very optimistic about our bookings. As I said we began the third quarter second half of the year with a healthy pipeline and we expect to see continued strong bookings in the third and fourth quarter supporting our revenue guidance. In terms of the growth, but out type of work which I think was the other part of your question is that right? I guess he has dropped off the line, so for the full year we expect consulting type of work growth to be in the mid to high single digits and we expect outsourcing type of work growth to be in the mid to high single-digits as well. If you look at it by business dimension, which I also comment on, we think strategy and consulting services combined will be in the mid-single digit range. So we do see an increase in the growth rate of our strategy and consulting services combined in the second half of the year with the application services in the mid-single digit range we see operations in the double-digit range, and of course The New will continue to grow very strong double-digit growth throughout this year.
Bryan Keane: Okay, thanks so much.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if. Hey David, I was wondering may be to followup on a previous question, you delivered pretty good 6% growth this quarter and there was little bit of last quarter came, so I guess, can you maybe talk about, and you talked about the acceleration in the back half of the year. So can you maybe talk about some of the factors that you are seeing that would raise - leave you to not raise your revenue outlook for the full year given the commentary you just made about the back half?
David Rowland: Yes, so let me give a few comments and Pierre will perhaps want to make some comments as well from his perspective. So, let me just start, when we provided full year guidance of 5 to 8 we really entered the year with one possible scenario where the growth in the first half of the year would be relatively speaking, lower than the second half of the year and that scenario in fact is continuing to play out. As we always say, we started the year, although we had a range of 5 to 8 as we say, working hard each and every day to be at the upper end of the range and that is the, it's still our focus. In terms of what's underneath that, I mean, there's a couple of ways I could kind of help you understand the way we look at the first half versus the second half of the year. But one way is through the lens of what I have called out as these three concentrated areas of pressure which make up 15% to 18% of our revenue overall. And when you look at those three areas, energy, chemicals, natural resources and communications and media two of those three areas we see and we believe we will see positive growth in the second half of the year relative to where they were in the first half of the year and we have some confidence in that. Beyond that when you look at the rest of our business, which is growing 10% on a year-to-date basis, even within that we see certain areas of our business that did have positive growth in the first half of the year, but we expect will have even more positive growth in the second half of the year and an industry that comes to mind is health, for example, which has been lower in North America, but we expect will be stronger in the second half of the year, more in kind of the typical growth rates that we expect for health. So overall, the year is really playing out as we expected. We continue to work hard, to travel land in the upper end of our range as we always do, supporting our confidence level in the second half of the year we narrowed the range to 6 to 8.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, it's hard to be a little bit of additional very well, I mean, to put it very simply we feel very good for the second half of the year. That's it, based on stocks. We have very good bookings, we have good pipeline. We have great momentum in most part of our business, that will give you a clue. We are covering 13 industries. We're big if you well, 13 industries, of these 13 industries 10 are positive and on the 10, six are high single, when I say high single is one is at 9.5, that’s 1 to 10 for simplicity, six would be the double digits. So you could only be positive when you see such momentum. Indeed, we have three very specific situations, and frankly these three situations at least two are linked to some client situations where indeed the business has been slowing down for absolutely good and valid reasons and we have evidence that the two industries in resources [indiscernible] and energy will be backed in the second half of the year. So I’m extremely positive for the second part of the year.
David Rowland: Okay? Jim thanks.
Jim Schneider: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning Tien-Tsin, how are you?
Tien-Tsin Huang: I’m good, thanks for taking my question.
David Rowland: Somebody told me you are in Hawaii this morning, so I guess it’s early for you huh?
Tien-Tsin Huang: Its, yes 2:30 not too bad, I’m sitting outside.
David Rowland: Pierre said he appreciates the commitment, you may not…
Tien-Tsin Huang: Well, not too bad sitting outside the wind feels good. Well that's been your loss so that's the good way to take my mind of things and focus on Accenture. I'll ask about, I guess you just talked about the three areas of pressure. Some of them are linked to client situations. I'm curious if you have been able to replenish your pipeline or are you seeing just comps improve or you are actually selling into those existing clients? Just trying to understand how you're able to sort of remix out of the troubled area and then see improvement there does that make sense?
David Rowland: Yes, I would say it’s a combination of the two. I mean, just to be blunt it is a combination of the two. There is a benefit from the comps getting easier and that's just the math, but more importantly, there are really underlying fundamental improvements that we see and the business activity, the dialog that we're having with our clients. The investment and digitization in addition to the kind of the cost rationalization focus that those industries have had for so many quarters now. And so the comps are part of it, but there is some fundamental improvement in the business, a lot of green shoots that we see that I think have a much more optimistic about the trajectory.
Pierre Nanterme: And I would add, if you look at resources, which has been one of the area of watch carefully again that too tough because you are not mentioning utilities. Our utilities business is continued growing double-digits. So this one is on reasonably good fire and we're doing very well, because this industry rotating rapidly to The New and you have a direct correlation in the business with the rotation to The New from our clients and the performance of these industries. This is a simple as this. And now it is back and I think when I look at the three energy and then you have CNR, chemical and natural resources CNR being the smallest of the three to be clear. And so energy is very important moving forward and we are getting more and more evidence that energy would perform much better in the second part of the year. Yes.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I see, okay just, just let me follow up and just the M&A contribution in the quarter and for the year, it sounds like you upped the spend targets to billion and a half.
David Rowland: Yes, for the full year we continue to expect to be in the range of 2%, but if you peel it back H1 is, let's say closer to 1.5% and H2 would be closer to 2.5% and so in the second half of the year we will see an additional contribution in inorganic relative to H1, but for the full year it will still be in the 2% rang. The additional spend up to$1.5 billion Tien-Tsin, a lot of that will happen in the fourth quarter and the revenue impact of those transactions is much more relevant to FY '18 than it would be FY '17.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. Got it. Thank you so much.
David Rowland: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of David Grossman with Stifel Financial. Please go ahead with your question.
David Rowland: Good morning David.
David Grossman: Good morning. So I know there's been already several questions about growth, but if you look back consulting growth over the last four years has been pretty lumpy right, 13-14 relatively weak 15 and 16 relatively strong and this year it is falling somewhere in between. And I know we’ve had some fairly significant technology cycles as well as peers had outlined some pretty significant industry cycles impacting growth for the entire industry. But can you help us think through what the growth in the consulting business should really look like on a normalized basis if there really is such a thing, recognizing that you've got a portfolio and there's always going be pluses and minuses each year?
David Rowland: Yes. I would say on a normalized basis, consulting and strategy services combined would be in the mid-single digit kind of range to let's say high single-digit depending on the cycle that we're in. So it's going to be a mid to high single-digit contributor across our portfolio of businesses. I mean the consulting growth to be clear as well is connected to this dynamic that we've talked about with our overall growth, meaning that if you look at these three industries that are contracting and primarily because of the cyclical pressures that hasn't had an impact in recent quarters in particular on our consulting and strategy growth rate. And we think that drag, if you will, that we've seen over the last, let’s take a last few quarters, we will start to mitigate some in the second half of the year. We're also making investments in our consulting business which starts to help drive our growth rate in the second half of the year and beyond as well.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely, I mean the line, the direction should be mid-to-high single-digit. We believe this is where the consulting business should be. Sometimes they're going to be higher than this because you have a combination of good factors and sometimes you just a bit behind and here we have this combination of these three situations, creating a disproportionate drag on our consulting. So as we mentioned before, definitely two of the three will get back and so the consulting associated will get back as well. On the other side of the spectrum, we are not only investing in what we call in The New digital, cloud and security, but we, as you know, putting some investments in building extremely deep skills in our yards where we believe there could be higher gross in a very specific way. You've seen the acquisition of [indiscernible] a premium brand in retail North America. We are doing the same in aviation in very deep skills in investment management where we believe it's going to be a great market and we are making acquisition there on the very targeted basis so, I'm extremely confident that the consulting will be back.
David Grossman: Right. And if I could just ask a quick followup to your comment about rescaling, obviously the pace and breadth of the current cycle has driven the need to rescale at a faster than normal pace. So that aside is it fair to expect after this year that the pace of acquisitions would continue to contribute this 2% rate of growth or would you expect that to come back a little bit as the cycle matures?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean we're putting very significant definition on the skills of our people. I mean we just brought 400,000 mark in terms of people and we want to have 400,000 talented people and by talented people, I mean having the right skills this is what we mean by talented people, the right skills for today and more important, the right skill for tomorrow. So what we did and not starting now, but starting years ago is to make sure that in trading and indication, we are investing significantly. I think the number is public. We are roughly investing $900 million in training and education to make sure that we have the best skilled people and will bode us well to attract the best talent. So we're combining our organic rescaling if you will $900 million we have digitalized all our training to make sure that our cost of training is extremely efficient. And I would just impress frankly to recognize my friend Bhaskar Ghosh on what he has been doing with our Accenture Technology business in rescaling last year and what we call New IT 70,000 people. He is managing roughly 200,000 people, Bhaskar roughly if I may say. And the goal for us is to scale 100% of these people over three years, 70,000 plus, 70,000 plus, 70,000. In addition, we are recruiting through acquisitions very deep skills, very deep skills, we believe it's going to take too long to grow organic. And so we have a good, I think a two pronged strategy, if you will, investing in our people to make them relevant and I think this is something we all talk like to our people. We have a responsibility, I feel that way, I have the responsibility to make them relevant for the future and then complement with high notch, iconic talent we’re getting from the market. So we have a kind of perfect blend.
David Grossman: Very good, thank you.
David Rowland: Alright, thank you, David.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
David Rowland: Good morning Ed.
Edward Caso: Good morning. I'm only on the East Coast, so not too bad off here.
David Rowland: We appreciate your commitment as well, thanks a lot.
Edward Caso: Thank you. My question is really around robotics and artificial intelligence from two dimensions. How much are you applying that to your own business to maybe delink the little bit revenue from people growth and how much are you helping your clients and at what pace is it coming on? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thanks for the question and in answer to your question number one is extensively and answer to question number two is extensively. I mean what we are especially in Accenture Technology and in Accenture Operations and of course in Accenture Digital, we have now infused in Accenture Technology all new capabilities called for us intelligent platforms. The name we are using, the public name is My Wizard. My Wizard is to first in that category of intelligent platform, so you can develop code using more and more intelligent virtual agents. So we’re doing that massively, but it's not enough. We’re indeed applying to Accenture Technology, technology delivery centers and more important to Accenture Operations in our BPO centers RPAs, I mean Robotic Process Automations that we are executing for Accenture and it’s interesting to see that many clients are visiting us and considering Accenture of now the benchmark and they are learning from what we do to apply to clients. So, extensively in Accenture because the name of the game is not labor, is productivity and that's always been the name of the game in Accenture. So, we want to operate at maximum productivity and efficiency with talented people, that's what we have in mind. And as you said, starting to see in some parts of our BPO business, the de-correlation between revenue and labor, and we believe strongly that the combination of artificial intelligence, machine learning, Robotic Process Automation in the coming five years will make a significant difference in this correlation between labor to revenue. From a client standpoint huge demand. Yes, I've just been pitching RPA and closing RPA deals last week to just to give you so, it's extremely relevant why because you know the clients have generally felt the same as we said I remember in one of our IR day, digitalization and rationalization. Digitalization to create new business model and all the architecture we have been putting in place in The New is resonating with that with Accenture active mobility, analytics, cloud and security and rationalization up, is the art of rationalization for robotics and automation and the demand is just growing and we are very well positioned.
Edward Caso: My other question is on the benefit side of your pension charge, what kind of in basis points contribution to operating margin will that drive in fiscal 2018? Thanks.
David Rowland: It's not material. And I mean in the scheme of Accenture, the benefits that we're deriving from doing this are not that material in terms of the bottom line.
Edward Caso: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David Rowland: Good morning David.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure, thank you. Good morning. I did want to maybe touching on that last question, I know you did not manage to gross margin, but the year-to-date gross margin expansion is notable given the longer term trends. Are you seeing the benefit of automation show up there or is this driven more from the revenue mixed shift towards digital? Just trying to get a sense of, is this theme of automation, Robotic Process Automation helping on the gross margin today?
David Rowland: Yes, it is so, most of, by the way, gross margin, let me say that even though gross margin has looked at the last two quarters stayed same, for many reasons we've explained, we really focus more on operating margin. Having so that your question, the big driver I think when you look at the first two quarters has been improvement in our contract profitability. So, our cost to serve clients is one of the bigger major components in our, in our gross margin and we have seen improvements in contract profitability which reflects broadly, some of the improvements we've seen in pricing. It reflects, there are some mixed shift as we would say we have a higher percentage of higher value kind of added services even higher percentage of those that type of work, which includes digital, but not limited to digital in the mix, et cetera, and as well just the overall efficiency of our payroll structure, which is of course the biggest driver of our cost overall.  And so it's more about contract profitability and managing our payroll efficiency with a high at a high level of efficiency. Is automation in the mix of our improved contract profitability? It is, but in no way would that be a dominant driver. It's in the mix, but with many other things as well.
David Ridley-Lane: And then just as a quick one, do you see any drag from regulatory uncertainty among your U.S. health insurance clients or maybe said differently, since you expect an acceleration there, what would be the main drivers to get to that?
David Rowland: We did see an impact in the pace of decision making. When you look back now with the, in the rear view mirror, we did see an impact in the pace of decision making and health in North America during the first half of the year. We believe and we've got fact points, intangible evidence that we would point to that that slower pace of decision making is behind us and that as we've now turned into the new calendar year, we are every month because we're a month into the new administration then the decision making has resumed at normal levels and that's part of the reason why we are more, why we are positive on improved growth rates in the second half of the year. So we did see an impact in the first half of the year. We believe that that's largely behind us. Okay? Thank you, David.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Essex: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you can maybe dig in a little bit to banking, financial services, you called out North American and Capital Markets mix improving maybe could you, can you provide a little bit of color behind the improvement in that business and what the primary drivers of that improvement might be?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, we I mean all financial services is doing very well. I mean we have been posting I think 8% growth in the…
David Rowland: Yes, banking and capital markets is double-digits.
Pierre Nanterme: Is double digit, yes. So I mean we're doing very well. In North America more specially we're starting to see again more demand in The New. I mean secured and we are working in think you are more diversified portfolio of clients and not only the kind of big category leaders if you will due to the more significant regionalization of our business in the United States where we expect great benefits starting in H2. And in addition as I mentioned especially in investment management, which is part of capital Market we've made a few acquisitions, you've seen Beacon and they are providing as well deep skills. So again, as in everything it’s a combination of two or three factors you're putting together to create growth and we see some more optimism as well from clients linked to the expected deregulation of some part of their business. So, all of this put together, is creating an environment which is getting better.
Brian Essex: Great, that's very helpful. Maybe as a follow-up could I ask about Accenture Interactive and it seems kind of interesting moves in the press recently there, how big is that business and is that primarily CMT focused or how do you plan to kind of weave that in with your digital aspiration?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I’m extremely pleased with Accenture Interactive and you are giving me the opportunity to recognize the leader of Accenture Interactive and you are giving me the opportunity to recognize the leader of Accenture Interactive Brian Whipple, who is just doing a great job in leading that part of the business. In less than only seven years or something like this we created the largest digital pure player in digital marketing. So the digital agency of Accenture is now one of the largest and a category leader. We are leading in digital design, especially after the acquisition of [indiscernible] and many other acquisitions. The last one being the Karmarama in the U.K., which is a premium independent, the best independent company in the U.K. Digital production, you remember the acquisition of Aventa [ph] some years ago. Digital commerce which of course is very important on the back of the acquisition of Equity we made in the U.S., some years ago and all what we're doing in terms of customer analytics. So we were very pleased that last year Ad Age ranked Accenture Interactive number one. And for us it's a very critical milestone. We see more and more clients in detailing from the so called holding companies to Accenture Interactive and our regulatory product we are very close to $6 billion in Accenture Active making us a category leader. So, couldn't be more pleased with Accenture Interactive because, sorry to elaborate a bit I know - I'm passionate about this so, I'm sharing my passion with you. The business in the future will be more and more driven by experience and design of new capabilities, of new products, of new ways of engaging with the customer, consumer, patients, employees. So, for us it was absolutely critical to put on the top of all services the experience, these design led, experience led, kind of capability and just to give you that’s a point I think we acquired [indiscernible] 150 people roughly, 150, 180 something like this less than 200. Now we're going to crack the 800 people being showed, making certainly sure one of the largest pure player in digital creative design, so that's what we do and we're pleased.
Brian Essex: Well, it is quite a bit larger than we last heard, so it's great to hear, very helpful. Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: This is what we like to be. I mean we - in our rotation to The New and sorry to be too long about it, in our rotation to The New in interactive mobility edge cloud and security, we want not only to be the number one if you addition this all - this is where we go with our $8 billion in H1 only, but we want to be number one in each of the five. That's what we mean by scaling to lead and this is what we are doing relentlessly.
Angie Park: Shannon, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Joe Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Foresi: Hello. So I guess, what inning do you think digital might be in and what's the next phase of the digital movement?
David Rowland: It's, I mean I would say that the Digital Wave is still and your baseball analogy I would say it is still in the early innings. I mean it's, there is a, if you talked about in terms of the majority curve, it is low on the majority curve. There is a ways to go.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, early days.
David Rowland: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: If you look at it and of course some capabilities are more mature than the others and when we're putting that Accenture framework we said we got three ways. I mean the digital consumer and this way you got maturing a lot because I mean you see this is totally where we are doing the majority of Accenture Interactive business of around $6 billion. Then you have the digital enterprise, how you digitalize all the parts on the enterprise and here the robotics and the automation, will bring a lot, so I think this is coming and then what we are calling digital operations and IOT and this is nascent to be on us and that might be certainly the biggest wave of the three. And so we are positioning Accenture already in what we’re calling industry X.0. We are probably 4.0 as we speak, but that will be 5.0, 6.0 and we’re positioning a lot Accenture of mobility, connected platform, Internet Of Things. We have already developed many partnerships in the ecosystem with OEM providers to extend our reach to this industrial internet. We have labs. I am thinking about what we have in Bangalore, what we have in Beijing where we are developing very deep industry solutions in the context of the IOT. So it’s early days, I mean it’s going to be a wave for probably a couple of decades.
Joe Foresi: Okay. And then just as a quick followup how is competition in outsourcing particular pricing? Thanks.
David Rowland: I would say – really no notable change in the competitive landscape in outsourcing if you’re maybe asking specifically about the application maintenance piece of our application services, that continues to be a very, very competitive pricing environment. So that’s more of the same and I would say if you look at BPO and another big piece of outsourcing I would say no notable change.
Pierre Nanterme: So no notable change, but some at Accenture, again because if there is something we hate in our company is commoditization of services. So we’re fighting against commoditization always to move and to rotate to higher value services. The business you’re mentioning is subject to commoditization at great pace. Our answer to fight against commoditization has been to infuse as I mentioned before through Bhaskar Ghosh and Debbie Polishook leading Accenture technology in our country operations, so a lot of robotics, a lot of automation, less labor arbitrage, more technology, more intelligence. And so indeed, we want to make these activities more tech automated led, less labor intensive like many of our competitors been doing and we are following a very different trajectory.
Joe Foresi: Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay it’s time to wrap up. Thanks a lot you have been so patient with us. Thanks again for joining us on the call today. As you can tell and have heard from David and I, we are very confident in our ability to deliver another strong year in fiscal year 2017 to continue gaining significant market share as we do. To even further accelerate our rotation to new innovative services and at the same time as we are investing significantly for the future, continuing delivering value for our clients, our people and our shareholders. At the same time, we transform Accenture to be even more successful. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions feel free to call Angie and her team. All the best and talk to you very soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for playback beginning today at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time running through Thursday June 22, 2017 at midnight Eastern. You may access the AT&T playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 418844. International participants please dial 320-365-3844 with the access code of 418844. Once again this conference will be available for playback beginning today at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time running through Thursday, June 22, 2017 at midnight Eastern Time. You may access the AT&T playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701. International participants please dial 320-365-3844 with the access code of 418844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-12-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Friedman - Susquehanna Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Bryan Bergin - Cowen Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Frank Atkins - SunTrust Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Greg, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2017 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the News Release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2017. We will then take your questions before Pierre provide a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's News Release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our News Release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results for the first quarter. We grew revenues ahead of the market gaining significant market share and I’m particularly pleased that our gross continues to be broad based across the dimensions of our business including very strong double-digit growth in new high growth areas such as digital, cloud and security-related services. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We delivered strong new bookings of $8.3 billion. We generated revenues of $8.5 billion with 7% growth in local currency. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $1.58, a 23% increase. We expended operating margin 40 basis points to 15.6%. We generated strong free cash flow of $1 billion and we returned nearly $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So, we are off to a strong start in fiscal year '17. I feel very good about our business and the speed at which we are executing our strategy to drive differentiation for Accenture and accelerate our rotation to The New. Now let me hand over to David who will review the numbers in greater detail. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, happy holidays to all of you and thanks for taking the time to join us on today's call. As you heard in Pierre's comments, we were very pleased with our results in the first quarter which came in as expected and represent a positive first step to achieving our full-year objectives. Our focused execution of our strategy continues to extend our leadership position in the marketplace and strengthen our ability to deliver significant value to our clients and our shareholders. Once again we delivered on all three of our financial imperatives to driving shareholder value. I’m particularly pleased with the continued progress we're making in expanding our operating margin while investing significantly in our business and our people. Our ongoing focus on our fit-for-purpose agenda is serving us well as we seek to optimize the economics across each of our five businesses. So before I get into the details, let's look at our results in the context of the three imperatives. Strong local currency growth of 7% continues to support our strategic objective to grow faster than the market and take share. We delivered positive growth in the majority of our industry groups in geographic markets with five industry groups growing double digits. Strong momentum in The New continued to be the drop of our growth. With respect to sustainable margin expansion, we exceeded operating margin - we expanded operating margin about 40 basis points while continuing to make significant investments to build scale and differentiation in strategic and high-growth areas of our business. And finally regarding strong cash flow and disciplined capital allocation, we generated $1 billion in free cash flow in the quarter which supported our ongoing objective of investing in our business while returning significant cash to our shareholders. As it relates to our capital investments, we invested roughly 600 million primarily attributed to 10 acquisitions and we are well-positioned to invest at least $1 billion to acquire critical capabilities this year especially in The New. With that said, let me turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $8.3 billion for the quarter, consulting bookings were $4.9 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1 and outsourcing bookings were $3.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 0.9. Our new bookings came in the range we expected this quarter and represented 9% growth in local currency. This level of new bookings follows our typical pattern of lower new bookings in the first quarter which then build throughout the year. We are very pleased with our estimated bookings in strategy and consulting services combined and of course digital cloud and security-related services continue to be an important theme in the work we're contracting with our clients. Looking forward we feel good about our pipeline and we expect to deliver strong bookings in quarter two. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $8.5 billion, a 6% increase in USD and 7% local currency reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of roughly 1% compared to the flat impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusting for the actual FX impact, we were at the upper end of our guided range for the quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.6 billion up 6% in USD and 7% in local currency. Our outsourcing revenues were $3.9 billion, up 7% in USD and 7% in local currency. Looking broadly at the trends and estimated revenue growth across our five business dimensions, growth was led by operations which posted double-digit growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. Strategy and consulting services combined, as well as application services delivered mid-single-digit growth. And across those four businesses, we saw strong double-digit growth in The New with all three components digital, cloud and security going double digit as well. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, products our largest operating group led with 17% growth reflecting continued double-digit growth across all industries and geographies. Our significant growth in products reflects the rapid adoption of digital cloud and security-based solutions across all products industries. Financial services grew 6% in the quarter with overall positive growth in both insurance and banking and capital markets primarily driven by very strong growth in Europe. We did see contraction in banking and capital markets in North America but expect to return to positive growth during this fiscal year. H&PS came in as expected at 5% growth with balance growth across health and public services globally and strong double-digit growth in the growth markets. Communications, media and technology grew 4% and reflected strong overall growth in both North America and the growth markets. We saw strong double-digit growth in media and entertainment and solid growth in electronics and high-tech. We continue to see contraction in Europe driven primarily by communications. Finally, resources revenues decreased 2% in the quarter driven by continued challenging market conditions in both energy and chemicals and natural resources, especially in North America. The bright spot continues to be utilities which again delivered double-digit growth in the quarter but not at the level required to offset the pressure in the other two industries. We expect our resources operating group to continue to navigate a challenging environment throughout this fiscal year but remain very focused on delivering flat to slightly positive growth for the full year. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.1% compared to 32% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.4% compared with 10.9% for the first quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6% compared to 5.8% for the same period - the same quarter last year. Our operating income was $1.3 billion in the first quarter reflecting a 15.6% operating margin up 40 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 29.3% for the first quarter last year. The lower effective tax rate was primarily due to higher benefits from adjustments to prior-year taxes, as well as our early adoption of the new accounting standard on employee share-based payments. Net income was $1.1 billion for the first quarter compared with net income of $869 million for the same quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.58 compared with EPS of $1.28 in the first quarter last year and this reflects a 23% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 44 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 41 days in the first quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of 1.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $85 million. Our cash balance as of November 30 was $4.1 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter we repurchased or redeemed 5 million shares for $588 million at an average price of $116.44 per share. In November 30 we had approximately $4.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November we paid a semiannual cash dividend of $1.21 per share for a total of $785 million. This represented an $0.11 per share or 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we're very pleased with our quarter one results and we're off to a good start in fiscal '17. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our very strong first quarter results demonstrate as we continue to execute a strategy that is resonating very well with our clients and driving differentiation for Accenture in the marketplace. We continue to make significant investments to rotate our business to the new digital, cloud and security-related services which together now account for more than 40% of our total revenues and again this quarter grew at a very strong double-digit rate. The need to go digital continues to drive strong demand from our clients around the world. We're working with NG the multi-national utility to transform its retail business model by completely rethinking the customer experience. We are leveraging the service design and innovation of Fjord, part of Accenture and [tech] [ph] team to help NG create new services to disrupt the market. With Hess, the global energy company, we're implementing a cloud based as of service operating model. We have cloud solutions and productive analytics, hence is able to increase efficiency and improve maintenance across its asset base while benefiting from consumption based pricing and we're working with one of the Europe's largest home improvement retailers to create an impairment, a new multi channel strategy to accelerate digital transformation. Our retail experience at Javelin, part of Accenture strategy and our designers at Fjord are helping shape and deliver a more personalized customer experience. We continue to invest across the business to accelerate our rotation to The New both organically and through acquisition and in the first quarter with the price $600 million in strategic acquisition. In digital, we are acquiring OCTO Technology, a leading digital consulting firm based in Paris. We also acquired Karmarama, a creative agency in the U.K. and Allen International, a design consultancy that specializes in banking. In cloud, we acquire DayNine, a leading Workday consulting and services provider and Nashco Consulting which expands our capabilities in service now. In security, we are quite different from security enhancing our cyber security capabilities for U.S. federal agencies and we completed the acquisition of Redcore in Australia. We also further strengthened the capability of Accenture's strategy with the acquisition of Kurt Salmon which brings deep expertise in the retail industry. At the same time, we continue to leverage our unique position in the technology ecosystem. Our clients value our independence as the leading partner of both the established providers and emerging players. With Google, we formed a new alliance to create industry specific cloud and mobile solutions to help clients advance their digital transformation agendas and improve business performance. We expanded our sales force capabilities to include new platform for financial services, consumer good and life sciences companies, and we now have significantly more people skilled in sales force than any other provider. We are always looking ahead to anticipate what next, and our unique innovation architecture enables us to take an innovation led approach to help our clients invent the future. A key element is Accenture Ventures which includes a robust open innovation program that works with start-ups, accelerators and entrepreneurs and we recently formed a strategic relationship with Partech Ventures, a leading venture capital firm to help clients tap into the rich pool of innovation from start-ups in Europe and Silicon Valley. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. We continue to grow ahead of the market in each of our geographic region. In North America we grew revenues 6% in local currency driven by strong double-digit growth in several key industries including consumer goods, retail and travel services, life sciences and media and entertainment. In Europe we had another strong quarter with 7% growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in several of our major markets including the U.K., Germany and Switzerland, as well as high single-digit growth in Spain. And in gross markets we are very pleased with our 10% growth in local currency led by strong double-digit growth in Japan and China. In closing, our rotation to The New is clearly at the heart of our strategy to position Accenture for future growth. The strong capabilities we are building are only recognized by our clients but also by many prominent industry analysts. And I'm proud of the recognition we have received for the relevance and depths of our services ranging from the strength of our overall position in digital services towards specific strategy in analytics, cloud and digital experience to our leadership in emerging technologies like Intelligent Automation, Internet-of-Things and blockchain. So with the first quarter behind us, I'm pleased with our results and especially with the balance we are striking between delivering results today like continuing to invest to drive future growth. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide updated business outlook. David, over to you again.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter fiscal '17 we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.15 to $8.4 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be negative 2% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '16 and this range reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '17 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 2% compared to fiscal '16. For the full fiscal '17, we continue to expect our net revenue to be in a range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal '16. For operating margin we continue to expect fiscal '17 to be 14.7% to 14.9% a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal '16 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. For earnings per share adjusting for the updated FX assumption, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '17 to be in the range of $5.64 to $5.87 or 6% to 10% growth over adjusted fiscal '16 results. For the full fiscal '17 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in a range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million and free cash flow to be in a range of $4 billion to $4.3 billion. Finally we continue to expect to return at least $4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by slightly more than 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that let's open it up so we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure : Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those in the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, good morning. Just the - I guess, second quarter in a row here, not beating revenue guidance. Maybe where are you seeing change in business momentum? Looks like strategy, consulting in North America has slowed a little bit. Can you comment there? What, any big changes dramatically in terms of just business momentum? Thank you.
David Rowland: Well again I’ll just comment on how we feel about the revenue and then Pierre will chime in with some additional colors as well. I mean let me start Tien-Tsin with the fact that when we provide guidance, we provide it because we expect we’re going to land in that range and as pleased as we've been in the past where we've exceeded the range that hasn't been our intent. We don't set guidance with the expectation that we’re going to beat it. So having said that, in that context again we're very pleased with 7% growth and there's really two reasons - I would say three reasons underneath that, one is that that growth does reflect we believe significantly higher growth in the market. And when you look at what that means in dollar terms, when you look at the dollar share gains that we've taken underneath that 7% growth, it's tremendous. The second we're pleased with the 7% growth is because when you pill underneath the five operating groups and look at it across the 13 industries and the 20 some odd geographic markets that we operate around, in around the world, the vast majority of those had positive growth and in many cases double-digit growth. So if you look at our 13 industries, five of the 13 had double-digit growth and of course the third reason, we're pleased with the growth is because of the continued very strong growth in The New. And so we feel very good about the growth to be clear. We did signal previously that we - that we had some areas in our business that were more challenged. We talked about chemicals and natural resources and energy for some time now, and I would say that quarter one for the most part was more of the same maybe a little bit more pressure in North America in the first quarter. We signaled last quarter that we had a period of lower growth that we were going to be going through in Communications Europe and that played out as expected. And then, I did mention banking and capital markets in North America, which is more attributed to our revenue pattern on a few large clients in the quarter with the expectation that will return to positive growth but even in banking and capital markets, if you look globally, we had very good growth and in Europe in banking and capital markets, we had double-digit growth. So our guidance assumed that growth rates in many of our areas of our business would be lower and that's what's played out. I'm sorry for that long answer but Pierre, see if you want to add anything.
Pierre Nanterme: No, I mean not much to add on this. I get to answer - I mean very directly your question, do we see any change in the marketplace, my simple answer is no. I think we do not see any new trends, new situations as David said, very well. We have some very specific situations but otherwise again our growth is broad based across the different countries, different industries. So the different dimension of the business and I mean for us the name of the game is to be in the guidance. So probably we set some, some sort of track record of beating the guidance. But that's not the intent, the intent is to deliver in the guidance and to provide you with the right information on how we see the business.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Understood. No, that's helpful. You did signal those items. Maybe my quick follow-up, just the updated thinking on outsourcing versus consulting growth in fiscal 2017? And thanks for the time, guys.
David Rowland: Okay. Thank you, Tien-Tsin. If you look at the full year, our view has not changed for consulting as a type of work and outsourcing as a type of work. Last quarter, and this is true today. Our view was high-single digits for consulting and mid to high-single digits for outsourcing and that is unchanged from 90 days ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: Hi, good morning. It's Jamie at Susquehanna. Wanted to ask a quick question about the operating margin trajectory. David, I noticed that the products OG operating margin expanded about 300 basis points to 18%. If you could share whether that's sustainable, and what some of the inputs are that are pushing that margin so high?
David Rowland: Yes, if you look at products specifically, they are doing quite well, both in terms of the topline growth and the profitability. There is no doubt about it. When you look at their expansion in margin, I think the high level, I think that's a reflection of two things, number one is I think it's a really good illustration of the power of executing the strategy. So what you're seeing in products is a high level of rotation to the new. You see a strong component of consulting and strategy services combined, it's a very much operating kind of at the heart of the industry in the client agenda. And I think what you see in their profitability is a reflection of that, it's the power of being able to really bring to the fullest extent our business architecture around five businesses rotating into new with very, very deep industry expertise that's what the play there. As part of that, they also are more efficient just as a tactical point in sales and marketing costs. So overall, we were pleased with our profitability. We were pleased with our contract profitability, we are pleased with our payroll cost structure overall, and as I've said before, when our payroll is efficient and our contract profitability is good and good things happen and of course in the mix we continue to invest significantly in the business at the same time.
James Friedman: Yes, and just as my follow-up, more generally, how should we contemplate the margin characteristics of the New versus the rest? We would think that the New you would have higher bill rates but would also have higher pay rates. So any inputs that you might have there would be helpful?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I would say that on its - our intent is that so let me talk about intent as opposed to be clear, I’m not commenting on specifically the quarter but our intent is that our profitability profile in The New would be accretive to Accenture. And there is obvious reasons for that number one is, you're talking about - you're talking about a new and emerging high impact, high value marketplace where there is a scarcity of skilled partners who can do what we do at scale. And so those market conditions typically lend themselves to the opportunity for good economics and so that's how we look at the new and that's our focus.
James Friedman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Can you talk a little about the maturity of the service lines in digital, and -- because you guys probably have the best broad-based visibility into the evolution of that market? So specifically how is the mix evolving from the earlier stage, shorter duration, kind of concept and design work into full scaling and rollout, and how do you see that changing in your pipeline as you look forward?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes sure. Thanks a lot Lisa for your question. What we believe is on one hand it feel certainly early days of these digital transformation. Now as you're saying we're starting to see some more maturity in the way our clients are buying services. So we have moved from the very early days of small project to prototype proof-of-concepts testing the water with digital to try to understand what are the new business models. I think this wave at least for the B2C, for the B2C is behind us, for the business-to-consumer is behind us and now the business-to-consumer digital related services are maturing more rapidly driving bigger transformation projects. Now if you move to more the B2B related to Internet-of-Things or industrial Internet, we still in wave one where indeed, we're working more around prototyping the future, finding user cases for the smartglasses for the analytics and for the drones and all of that you like and so the maturity probably will come in the next 12 months. So I still see a bit of a difference between the B2C and the B2B and accordingly if you look at Accenture, we have been scaling to leadership our services probably from a B2C standpoint I’m thinking of course about the better great success of Accenture in active, where now we’re in the leading position, I'm thinking as well of all what we're developing in ecommerce kind of services or analytics supporting as well as business-to-consumer. And at the same time we are investing and scaling our services more on the B2B, especially around Internet-of-Things, the industrial Internet and other type of services artificial intelligence, as well.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, and thank you. And then, as my follow-up, can you comment on Accenture's perspective on the policy debate around H-1B visas. Clearly, you're not in the cross-hairs of that, but you are in the top five I think, H-1B visa users, so curious for your perspective on that?
David Rowland: You know I don't think that this is really the forum for us to elaborate on our view on that typically we wouldn't comment on policy matters like that. What I would say is that, you know from our perspective, we have a very strong robot workforce in the United States. We have - I think I'm correct 50,000 employees in the United States and the vast majority of those are U.S. citizens or permanent residents. And so our model - so I can speak for Accenture our model is to build resident skills if you will in all of the major markets where we operate and again the U.S. is a reflection of that. So speculating I don't think serves the - really would make sense at this point terms of where it might go beyond and it would be tough to predict.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you. Happy holidays guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin, Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi. Can you make some comments around the outlook for clients' 2017 budgets, and then, how do you characterize that now versus this time last year?
David Rowland: Clients 2017 budgets versus last year…
Bryan Bergin: Yes, so their outlook, and what you're seeing in their behavior to start?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, we are working carefully especially as we're getting at the back end of calendar '16 what's happening in 2017. First, we look at it from different angle, of course our experience with clients, what we see from the analyst - industry analyst and then making our judgments. First we could confirm that indeed we see the rotation of the budget from legacy technology services to digital related services and currently it's playing in our favor. No doubt that we continue to see that shift in the budget of our clients. Interestingly, the overall budget including digital is probably increasing more than decreasing because you have the budget coming from for instance digital advertising and digital marketing now are becoming part of the addressable market for companies like us. So our rotation to digital cloud and security has opened new opportunities for us and it's confirmed by the industry analyst who are all mentioning the shift from legacy technology to digital related services. For the rest I guess as mentioned by David we're pleased with our pipeline. We have good prospect for the second quarter booking. So all of this is confirming to me that the demand is still there but again more and more driven by what we call The New and new services around digital in contrast to the legacy services.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, thanks. And then, just my follow-up, the operations group business performance has obviously been solid. Can you talk about, I guess, the split across the different business mix there, particularly how the BPO business is doing across verticals? Thanks.
David Rowland: The anchor of our operations business and therefore the strength is really our BPO business which is a world-class industry-leading and the drivers of - our growth have been - remain pretty consistent. When you look at F&A, when you look at procurement those are two of the primary anchors and always behind the results and operations in BPO in any given quarter, so it's BPO centric and we are very pleased with our results in the first quarter and I would say it's more - it's really more of same - of the story we've been telling now for many quarters.
Bryan Bergin: Thanks guys.
Pierre Nanterme: And as you're calling BPO, and I would like to take the opportunity to congratulate Debra Polishook and all the team and management overall, who have been doing an extraordinary job for Accenture and to some extent since you have idea I would like to rename and to rebrand BPO because I think it's more of the terminology of the path and what we’re doing is moving beyond what we used to call business process outsourcing because what's done by Debbie and the team is a profound of the way you're operating that business by bringing now platform-based services at scale highly efficient and highly intelligent. Second, more and more providing that business as a service, which is of course contributing to support the agenda of our clients where they move - they want to move from fixed to variable and CapEx to OpEx. Three, it's going beyond managing operations that is bringing analytics, cloud services, amazing richness in what they do and I truly believe tribute to the team that they have been reinventing the kind of services and that is why we're growing 10% which is much more than the BPO business and gaining significant market share. I mean the line is always the same, the appetite from clients is for new technologies, new services, new ways of operating the business and this is all the rotation we're engaged in Accenture's last three years, we are benefiting now and hopefully in the coming years to move us away from the legacy commoditizing services.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Good morning, guys. Thank you for doing the call, I guess, a day early. So in that spirit, happy holidays. I just wanted to - I know, David, you mentioned - this is perhaps not the right forum for policy views, but with regards to a lot of the political change that we are seeing, could you potentially go into sort of the demand implications of a Trump presidency, especially as it relates to changes in regulation in healthcare and banking?
David Rowland: Yes Ashwin, I know that that is the topic of the day and everyone is interested in trying to speculate and anticipate what Trump Presidency may bring but again, I just don't - we're just not going to speculate on that. I mean time will tell. It's frankly it's impossible to tell right now and anybody tells you that they have an informed view of it is, it was probably misleading you. So, we'll see. I think if you put Trump aside, there's a lot of good things that are underpinning the U.S. economy right now, certainly some challenges as well but when we look at it through our lends of our business, we feel good about our market in the United States and our growth prospects in the United States. And we have not identified, anything that we believe is going to materially change that for the fiscal year that, that we're in.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood.
Pierre Nanterme: I think on this - and commenting of course on the new or the coming presidency, talking about Accenture and what it is we were achieving. First we know, we are in the world, which is highly volatile, uncertain almost every day something might happen around the world that could be many elections every year, in '17 we will have elections in France my country, there is going to be election in Germany and so on and so on. So what it is going to achieve is to build a durable business model. We add scale and relevant services which at the end of the day should be as much as we could independent of any form of short-term political effect or older effect and I think this is what we demonstrated this last, if you look 15, future of 15, future of 16. We've begun to grow double-digits, here we have a very strong 7% in Q1, despite the environment. So the environment is the environment that not much we could do and so for us our strategy is to take our future in our hands and drive a strategy which is going to be sustainable and durable and I believe that nothing going to stop us from executing our strategy and make Accenture successful.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Right. And for the follow-up question, I know you mentioned obviously, the tax rate impact in the quarter. A part of the benefit is -- was comping standards. So just want to check, is that a one-time true-up, or should we expect from a modeling perspective, a lower level?
David Rowland: Yes, if you remember last quarter when I signaled that we were going to adopt the new accounting standard, I signaled that it had about a two point impact on our tax rate and so it was in the mix we're not quantifying the impact in quarter one, but it was in the mix this quarter. We don't have a materially - we don't have a different view from what I commented on 90 days ago. I will say that as I said last quarter I believe, is that the ultimate impact depends on what happens to the stock price is the way the accounting works and so if the stock price appreciates between when a grant is issued and versus when it's awarded, then that creates a tax benefit if the stock price goes down between the issuance and the date that it's awarded, while the award date and the date that you get the share, then it would create a tax headwind or would have a negatively impact tax rate. And so it to be clear, it will depend in the future on what happens to the stock price and you're looking at the difference between when it was granted and when they actually get - it’s vested and they get the award.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Atkins from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Frank Atkins: Thanks for taking my question. Lisa asked a little bit about sales and marketing expense, a significant driver of margin in the quarter, where could we see that going looking forward?
David Rowland: Yes, I mean I would say sales and marketing expense - first of all it does ebb and flow by quarter. It's driven by you know - obviously it's an activity driven cost depending on opportunity pursuits closing deals et cetera. So it does vary by quarter. Having said that, in our fit-for-purpose agenda that we're driving as a multiyear effort to optimize our economics to create capacity in our P&L both to meet our margin expansion goals, to drop our share price but to also importantly create significant headroom in our P&L to invest in our business that is all in the mix of our fit-for-purpose agenda and this is one example of the power of the focus that we have on increasingly managing each of these businesses and optimizing the economics for each business individually and that includes optimizing sales and marketing costs for each of the businesses individually recognizing that the way you approach sales and marketing in a strategy practice is fundamentally different than the way you do it in an operations practice. And so we continue to focus on optimization across all of our business activities in our entire cost structure of which sales and marketing is a key component of that. So we'll see how it goes. It does vary by quarter but we're pleased with the efficiency of our cost overall in the first quarter certainly with the 40 basis points of expansion.
Frank Atkins: And then, for my follow-up, as we kind of step back and look at the 10 to 30 bps and target expansion over time, if we were just to take the mid-point, the 20 bps of margin improvement, how do you see that breaking down in terms of either gross margin, or efficiency gains or changes in G&A, or sales and marketing? What are the kind of buckets driving that?
David Rowland: I'm not going to break it down that way because that's really not the way we manage our business as we've said. What I would say is that the two biggest influencing factors to margin expansion are one payroll efficiency. So if we expand margins over time that almost certainly means that we are increasingly driving a better relationship between payroll cost and revenue. And the second big contributing factor is our client or contract profitability and those are the two factors and so it would be reasonable to assume that to the extent we have an expectation or ambition to expand operating margin over time both of those things are contributors.
Frank Atkins: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Essex from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: Good morning, thanks for taking the question and happy holidays. Wanted to ask a little bit about M&A. Unfortunately, you guys are buying all of our best software channel checks. As you build that business, and maybe you're more integrated with [Agile] [ph] processes and integrators in certain cloud segments, whether it's specific to Now Workday or salesforce.com or regionally. Along with Pierre's comments of building a more durable business, how much more visibility are you gaining in the New, relative to your historical model, how much visibility do you have, whether it's consulting or ongoing application development, maintenance business, because of that shift in your business?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean there is a shift in the nature of the services revenue. Now the services would apply in consulting, in strategy, consulting, system integration and solution implementation, outsourcing and the like. So they are all very similar in the nature of the business of what we've been doing for many years, now it's the nature of the services which are of course different because they are in digital all software and new cloud. But the software and the cloud at the end of the day is an application that you have to implement and we know how to do that. So I don't believe that the shift in our rotation to the newest changing the visibility on the business or changing the fundamentals of our business - fundamentally changing the nature of the services we’re providing in digital marketing, in cloud, in security services and so forth. But I don't think it is changing the visibility or it has a profound impact on the business model.
Brian Essex: Is that the case, if -- as you shift the model has shifted more towards consulting than outsourcing. Is that the case from an overall mix perspective, in terms of -- as you partner with your clients for Agile development, and you have centers of excellence to work alongside them, does that give you more visibility on the consulting side?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean certainly. You've seen the result this last few quarters around our consulting business which has been the significantly moving up and are close to digital has been a driving force on these consulting roles. But when you look at it you chill out the same continuum with clients starting with strategy and here more digital strategies and corporate strategies from the past, then you need to create operating models, digital operating model for clients and you need to own this very well in the industry drivers and disruptions to all of what we're calling Accenture Consulting, then you build solution and this is the job of Accenture Digital and Accenture Technology and then you operate on behalf of the business if clients want to do that. At the end of the day, that's why we build this business architecture from strategy to building solution to operate on behalf of clients and we are the only one in the marketplace to have this continuum of services because this is what we believe the client is going to buy moving forward and that always is going to be a road for the outsourcing because again you envision the business, you build solutions, and you operate solutions and we want to be a leading company in these three activities if you will. And if you look at digital indeed it's starting more with the strategy and the consulting fees of the business. And there are already many activities we have from an outsourcing standpoint coming in my mind would be cloud where we're managing cloud services on behalf of clients, would be cyber security where a significant part of our cyber security services are managed services. And three, I'm thinking about analytics we are more and more as well driving on behalf of the clients including some marketing campaign. So again, you need to look at it as a continuum of services we're providing to clients. So we are there for whatever they want to execute.
Brian Essex: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hi, good morning, David. I just wanted to start with a question on -- I guess, you get the three pressure points in the business right now, the North America banking capital markets, the North America resources, or at least parts of resources in North America, and then European com. So I was just hoping you could maybe give us a sense of in aggregate, how big are those three in terms of percentage of your revenue? And do you feel like individually that they've kind of troughed here in Q1?
David Rowland: Yes. So it's interesting you asked that question, Pierre and I were talking about this just recently, just as we analyze our business. If you look at the few areas where there are some market dynamics that are creating pressure on our business, the areas you called out that represent less than 15% of our revenue, 85% of our business, and I don't mind putting this out in traffic so to speak. The remaining 85% of our business is growing double-digit - it's growing double-digit. So, when you look at 85% of our business, it's really very consistent pattern with what we've seen now for many quarters. We have these few concentrated areas where the market dynamics are such that it has created some challenges in the quarter that we just closed and in some cases to be fair and we called it out in pointing to some of those challenges will extend into future quarters this fiscal year. But I think the point of that and it gets back to the statement that is to why we're so pleased with our business is that the vast majority of our business is really doing quite well and continuing to grow and expand consistent with what we've seen for many quarters.
Jason Kupferberg: Yes, and it does speak to the benefits of the diversification you obviously have. Just as a follow-up, I mean, obviously the equity markets have been pretty excited about the US election. But now as we head into January, is there a thought process that some enterprises may hesitate on new project starts and ramp-ups just at the outset of the calendar year, until there is greater clarity on the initial priorities of the new administration, and have you built anything into your guidance to sort of risk-adjust for that?
David Rowland: You might comment on your risk adjustment or things like this but…
Pierre Nanterme: No, I think we have not seen a change in the U.S. in projects and for me maybe let me tell you what I see. What I think is different with the digital transformation of the industries the way we look at it is and I don't want to be too emphatic that this being disrupted and being put out of the business is clearly in the mind of all CEOs on the planet including the U.S. There is a very strong feeling and understanding that if you're not changing your business models, if you not shifting this revolution of the new, if you're not adopting fundamentally new way of operating digitally enabled, you could be put out of the business and I think this force of no, I could disappear if I not really changing now and you have all the facts behind this. This driving force for me is the driving forces are more significant than any Presidential Election. When you fear about your future as a company, when you fear you can be put out of the business. I don't think you're going to stop your transformation because there is an election. And at least if myself leading the Company as CEO believe me, I would not change my transformation agenda because there is going to be a French Election.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks. Very helpful.
KC McClure: Greg, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Good morning, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Just want to ask about consulting. Consulting had been healthy double-digit growth last fiscal year, I think it was 14% constant currency in 3Q, and then 13% in 4Q. It dropped a little bit down to 7%. So just in particular, curious to see what's happening in consulting? And then, you also said, David, that you expect it to be high single-digits for the year. So that would suggest a little bit of a rebound going forward in consulting, so be interested in your thoughts there?
David Rowland: Yes, so let me just kind of deal little fact connect in just for a second so, Bryan, the comment earlier when I answered it that was for consulting type of work where I said high single and so when we talk about consulting type work and relate that to our five businesses, that includes Accenture strategy, Accenture consulting and the application development part of application services. So when you look at those three areas which roll into consulting type of work, the high-single digit is the - is our view. When you look at strategy and consulting combined and now I’m talking about the businesses, two of the five businesses that grew mid-single digits in the first quarter which was right in the range we'd expected. On the last quarter's call, I believe I’ve stated that the growth for consulting and strategy consulting and bond for the year would be mid-to high-single digits and so, we're pretty much in that range. Again, we are very pleased with our consulting bookings in the quarter and that goes across strategy and consulting and bond and the app development part of app services and typically bookings lead to revenue growth. So, hopefully that clarifies but the bottom-line is from business standpoint, we see a lot of demand drivers including back to digital and the newest peers alluded to a couple of times that really serve us well in our strategy and consulting business and so it's a very active marketplace at this point in time.
Bryan Keane: Okay, helpful. And then, a lot of questions in the industry around pricing, both in consulting and outsourcing, so we'd love to get your thoughts on, are you seeing pockets of pricing pressure versus pricing power throughout the business? Thanks so much, and happy holidays.
David Rowland: Thank you. Same to you. We have been very pleased with our pricing. I would say for the most part we - we again very pleased with our pricing results. The one area where there is pricing pressure and we've talked about this is that where you have areas that are highly or rapidly commoditizing and you look at application maintenance type services as the primary example, that's where pricing is most intense and most competitive but in that area we're holding on in the context that market. Otherwise, we've been very pleased with our pricing.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. It’s time to wrap up and thanks again to all of you for joining us on today's call. Before we wrap-up, I want to mention that KC McClure, who has been our excellent Head of Investor Relations for the past six years, is moving to another role at Accenture as the Finance Director for our Communication, Media and Technology Operating. Accordingly Angie Park will become our new excellent Head of Investor Relations and Angie has tremendous experience, held many finance roles during more than 20 years at Accenture, so compared to me Angie, you are just a kid with my 37 years. I want of course to take this opportunity to really thank KC for dedication, to deliver value to our shareholders and to our business and to have supported so well David and I as Investor Relations. Thanks a lot KC and I look forward to working now with Angie and I know she will be reaching out to many of you very soon. So we could continue being extremely close and friendly Investor Relations organization for all of you. With that let me wish all of you, investors, analysts and our Accenture people who are listening to the call a very happy holiday season, all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions please feel free to call now Angie and her team. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through March 23. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 405525. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 405525. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-09-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director and Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Sara Gubins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Togut - Evercore ISI Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein, Inc. Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Research  Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we would like to thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, and facilitator, as well as our Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2016 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. On today’s call, you will hear from Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2017. David will then take your questions and provide a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today, to learn more about our very strong results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Given some travel limitations, I’m not able to be with you in Boston this week. So David and I decided to pre-record our remarks and then he will be available to take your questions at the end of the call. Let me start by saying how very pleased I am with our excellent financial results for both the quarter and the year. I’m particularly pleased with our durable and balanced performance. We have now delivered double-digit revenue growth for two years in a row, and we have gained significant market share. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $35.4 billion. We generated record revenues of $32.9 billion with 10.5% growth in local currency. We delivered earnings per share of $5.34 on an adjusted basis [an 11%] increase. Operating margin was 14.6% an expansion of 10 basis point on an adjusted basis. We generated very strong free cash flow of $4.1 billion. We returned $4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.21 per share, a 10% increase over our prior dividend. So we delivered an excellent fiscal year. I feel very good about our performance and the momentum we have in our business, which clearly reflect the value of the services we provide to our clients each and every day. Now, let me hand over to David.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today’s call. We were extremely pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which once again reinforce our distinctive position in the marketplace, especially as it relates to being a leader in partnering with our clients to rotate their business to The New, including digital, cloud and security. By any measure, our fourth quarter capped off what has been another truly outstanding year for Accenture, which is even more impressive when you consider that our fiscal 2016 results followed an equally strong year in fiscal 2015. At a high level, our quarter four results continued to reflect strong performance across all three of our financial imperatives, durable revenue growth faster than the market, sustainable margin expansion while investing it scale in our business and our people, and strong cash flow with disciplined capital allocation. To be more specific, quarter four represented our 10th consecutive quarter of strong growth, with continued significant gains in market share. Our net revenue growth of just over 9% local currency was broad-based and balanced across most dimensions of our business. Our operating margin of 14.1% came in as expected and up 20 basis points from quarter four of last year. We were especially pleased with the underlying drivers of profitability, which enabled us to invest significantly in our business and our people during the quarter. And we delivered strong free cash flow in the quarter of $1.9 billion, which supported our ongoing objective of investing in our business, while returning significant cash to our shareholders. So we finished the year in a manner which was very consistent with the previous three quarters, with strong broad-based growth underpinned by very good profitability and cash flows. With those high-level comments, let me turn to some of the details, starting with new bookings. New bookings were $9 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $4.8 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0. And outsourcing bookings were $4.2 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were pleased with our new bookings in the quarter, which came in as we expected and reflected continued strong demand for digital related services. For the full fiscal year, we delivered $35.4 billion in new bookings, reflecting 7% growth in local currency. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $8.5 billion, an 8% increase in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of roughly 1.5%. Revenues were approximately $40 million above the upper end of our previously guided range when adjusted for the actual foreign exchange impact. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.6 billion, up 11% in USD and 13% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.9 billion, up 4% in USD and 6% in local currency. The trends in revenue growth across our five businesses were very similar to last quarter. Strategy and consulting services combined, as well as operations, posted another quarter of double-digit growth, while application services delivered very solid growth in the mid-single-digit range and across those four businesses, we saw strong double-digit growth in The New led by digital related services. Taking a closer look at our operating groups. Products led all operating groups with 18% growth, reflecting continued double-digit growth across all industries and geographies. Our significant growth in products reflects the rapid adoption of The New across all of the industries within products. And our investments over the past few years are serving us very well in meeting the new demands of our clients. H&PS posted another strong quarter with 11% growth, driven by a continued double-digit growth in health, and overall in North America and the growth markets. Financial Services grew 9% in the quarter, driven by strong growth in both insurance and banking and capital markets, as well as positive growth across all three geographies, led by a double-digit growth in Europe. Communications, Media & Technology growth landed consistent with our expectations at 5% and reflected continued strong overall growth in North America and the growth markets. In Europe, we did see contraction driven primarily by communications. Finally, resources growth was flat in the quarter, as we continued to navigate cyclical headwinds in both energy and chemicals and natural resources. We continued to be very pleased with double-digit growth in utilities, which is benefiting from clients investments to digitize their businesses. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 31.3% compared to 31.7% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.1% compared with 11.7% for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.1% compared to 6.2% for the same quarter last year. Operating income was $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 14.1% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter four last year. In the fourth quarter, as part of launching a joint venture with Apax Partners, we closed our Duck Creek transaction. This transaction, along with an immaterial adjustment to finalize our gain on the divestiture of Navitaire lowered our quarter four tax rate by 1.8% and increased net income by $249 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.37. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.3% compared with an effective tax rate of 27.1% for the fourth quarter last year. Net income on an adjusted basis was $881 million for the fourth quarter compared with net income of $788 million for the same quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.31 compared with EPS of $1.15 in the fourth quarter last year. This reflects a 14% year-over-year increase. Day services outstanding were 39 days compared to 41 days last quarter and 37 days in the fourth quarter last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.9 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $2.1 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $160 million. Our cash balance at August 31 was $4.9 billion compared with $4.4 billion at August 31 last year. Turning to some other key operational metrics. We ended the year with a global headcount of about 384,000 people. Utilization was 92% compared to 91% last quarter. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 16%, up 1% from quarter three and up 2% from the same period last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 5.6 million shares for $640 million at an average price of $114.52 per share. At August 31, we had approximately $5.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.21 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15 and represents $0.11 per share or 10% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, I want to reflect on where we landed for the full-year across the key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. I am extremely pleased that we continued our track record of successfully executing our strategy and managing our business to deliver on the business outlook we provided at the beginning of our fiscal year. Net revenues grew approximately 10.5% local currency for the full-year, well above the top end of the guided range that we provided at the beginning of the year. Growth was strong and balanced across our operating groups, geographies and businesses. We are very pleased with double-digit growth in products, H&PS and financial services, as well as, overall in both North America and Europe. From a business perspective, we posted double-digit growth in strategy and consulting services combined, as well as operations, with very good mid single-digit growth in application services. And of course, across the Board, we saw a double-digit growth in The New, estimated to represent approximately 40% of our revenues for the year, led by digital-related services with estimated growth of approximately 30%. Operating margin was 14.6%, a 10 basis point expansion over fiscal 2015 adjusted operating margin and within the range we provided at the beginning of the year. Importantly, we were very pleased with the scale of our investments on our business and our people as we created additional investment capacity, resulting from improvements in our underlying profitability. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $5.34, reflecting 11% growth over adjusted FY 2015 and was above the upper end of our original guided range, primarily driven by our strong topline growth. Free cash flow was $4.1 billion, above our original guided range and reflecting a free cash flow to adjusted net income ratio of 1.1. And finally, we delivered on all of our capital allocation objectives by investing over $930 million, primarily attributed to 15 acquisitions and returning $4 billion of cash to shareholders. So again, following a very strong year in fiscal 2015, our leadership team and employees around the world have done it again with another truly outstanding year. These results demonstrate the durability of our growth, profitability and cash flows, and our ability to manage our business to deliver value to all of our shareholders. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our outstanding performance in fiscal 2016, demonstrate that our growth strategy continues to resonate with our clients, and that we are clearly executing very well. We are benefiting from the actions we have taken over the last few years to align Accenture along five distinct businesses, to transform the services we offer and to increase our investments in new and high-growth areas. This is all that’s driving differentiation for Accenture and making us the most relevant professional services company to lead in The New digital world. Our five businesses: Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations are each highly competitive in their own right, as well as synergistic in delivering value for our clients. Today, the breadth of capabilities we provide end-to-end is truly unique in the marketplace. From being relevant in the boardroom to delivering cutting-edge technologies, digital solutions and innovative platforms, to operating services on behalf of clients, to drive tangible outcomes. At the same time, we have transformed the services we offer, rotating our business rapidly to what we call The New, digital, cloud and security-related services, which, together, accounted for about $13.5 billion or 40% of total revenues in fiscal 2016. That is a substantial increase from approximately 30% of revenues just a year ago. Let me show a few examples of how we are helping clients on with The New. In digital, we are working with many hotels, the European hospitality company to implement a digital transformation strategy to increase sales across all channels through data driven customer segmentation. In just one-year, direct sales were up of 27% and more than one million people have joined Meliá’s Rewards program. In cloud, we are helping Rio Tinto, a global mining company, transition its enterprise systems to the public cloud, including the world’s largest SAP production system migration to Microsoft Azure, delivering increased agility with an as-a-Service model. And in security, our cyber experts are working with large U.S. based utility to define, develop and run a next-generation security operations center. We are developing a comprehensive strategy to assess risk, managed identity and enable alerts for cyber threats in real-time. We continue to make significant investments across our business, particularly in acquisitions. In fiscal 2016, we invented more than $930 million of capital in acquisitions and that is on top of about $800 million last year. And when we look at these last two years, I’m delighted that about 70% of our investments in acquisitions have been in The New. In the fourth quarter alone, we announced five acquisitions in The New, including three digital services companies: MOBGEN in the Netherlands, Tecnilógica in Spain and dgroup in Germany. And two security companies: Maglan in Israel and Redcore in Australia. We continued to see strong demand from our clients for large scale mission-critical transformation programs. The broad range of services we provide across our five businesses, together with our deep industry expertise, continues to differentiate Accenture and we remain the partner of choice for the world’s leading companies. For Stryker, the medical technology company, we are helping transform its business operations to enable more growth and agility. We are leveraging the Accenture SAP Business Solutions Group to build a solution on S/4 HANA, spanning finance, sales logistics, supply chain and procurements. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I am delighted as we delivered another year of both strong and balanced growth around the world, with double-digit revenue growth in local currency for the second year in a row in both North America and Europe, as well as in many other largest countries. In North America, we delivered 11% growth in local currency, driven by the United States where we have now delivered double-digit growth of five of the last six years. In Europe, we grew even 11% in local currency, with double-digit growth in the UK, Italy, Switzerland, Spain and Germany, as well as high single-digit growth in France. And in growth markets, we grew revenue 8% in local currency, driven primarily by double-digit growth in Japan, as well as strong double-digit growth in China, India, South Africa and Mexico. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on our ongoing imperative to drive innovation across our business and to create cutting-edge solutions for clients. In today’s fast changing environment where companies need to continually reinvent themselves, we are increasingly taking innovation-led approach to drive more value for our clients and help them invent the future. Our approach to innovation spans everything we do, from Accenture Research where we identify market and technology trends, to Accenture Ventures, where we invest in growth-stage companies; to the Accenture Labs, where we incubate and prototype new concepts through applied R&D, to Accenture Studios, where we build innovative solutions for clients with speed and agility. Our unique approach with the Accenture innovation architecture enables us to combine our capabilities across the company to invent, develop and deliver disruptive innovations for clients and to serve them faster. So as we enter fiscal year 2017, we have momentum in our business. And you can count on us to continue to invest and build our capabilities for the future in order to deliver strong, durable and profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call over to David, who will provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2017, and then take your questions. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thanks, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.4 billion to $8.65 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be about flat compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and reflects an estimated 5% to 8% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2017, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be about flat compared to fiscal 2016. For the full fiscal 2017, we expect our net revenues to be in the range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal 2016. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year 2017 to be 14.7% to 14.9%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal 2016 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. This range includes an estimated benefit of less than 2% from our early adoption of a new accounting standard on employee share-based payments. For earnings per share, we expect full-year diluted EPS for fiscal 2017 to be in the range of $5.75 to $5.98 or 8% to 12% growth over adjusted fiscal 2016 results. Now turning to cash flow. For the full fiscal 2017, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $600 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.3 billion. We expect to generate free cash flow in excess of net income. We expect to return at least $4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by slightly more than 1% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. As Pierre mentioned, David will be taking your questions. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Operator, would you provide instructions for those in the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Keith Bachman of BMO. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning, Keith.
Keith Bachman: Good morning, sir. Thank you very much. Very strong results indeed, particularly in the climate that we’re in. The operating margin performance for the quarter, or for the year, is what I wanted to ask about. For FY2016, you guided to 10 to 30 basis points. You came in at the lower end of the range. What were the circumstances you think that contributed to that? And as you look to the guide, which is similar of 10 to 30 basis points of operating margin expansion, what are the forces that you think would cause some influence in that income? Are you thinking more about the low end of the range again? And just any color on that. Thanks very much.
David Rowland: Great. Thank you for the question. As you’ve heard Pierre and me say several times over the last really couple of years, we are at a period that really calls for us making a significant level of investments in our business to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and also position ourselves for long-term market leadership beyond just the year that we’re in. And when you look at the 10 to 30 basis point range, that’s a range that we feel very comfortable that we can deliver within. And I would say that the swing factor generally, and it was the case this year, was the extent to which we invested in the business. And as you know, just doing the simple math, the difference in 10 basis points is about $35 million.
Keith Bachman: Okay.
David Rowland: And so when you look at this year, we were very pleased with the overall level of investments that we made in the business and it was that marginally higher level of investments that we made. To be clear, our investments were significantly higher, I’m talking about on the margin, even a little higher than the otherwise would have been which resulted in 10 basis points versus 20 basis points. So it’s simply a reflection of the fact that we are managing a large investment pool in the business and on the margin, an additional $35 million one way or the other is the difference between, let’s say, being at the low end or the upper end, but we are quite pleased with the 10 basis points of expansion. We created significantly more expansion in our underlying profitability in order to fund really a material level of investments overall. So we are quite pleased with that dynamic in our results, if you will.
Keith Bachman: Okay, great. And then my follow-up, if I could, as it relates to that, perhaps I missed it, but I don’t know if you said how much you’re contemplating that M&A would contribute to this year’s guidance?
David Rowland: Yes, good question. I don’t think I’ve said it in the prepared remarks, but the answer is about 2%.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Many thanks. Best of luck.
David Rowland: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sara Gubins of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Sara Gubins: Thanks. Good morning.
David Rowland: Hi. Good morning, Sara.
Sara Gubins: So last year, you started out at 5% to 8% constant currency revenue growth, and ended up above 10%. As you look to FY2017, I’m trying to get a sense of what could drive your revenue trend to be at the lower end of the outlook, and perhaps what could drive it above? And if you could talk about your expectations for digital revenue growth in FY2017 in The New, that would be great. Thanks.
David Rowland: Great, thank you. So, let me just take a minute and just frame how we see the environment and then how that relates to our guidance. I think, first of all, and I don’t think it’s a surprise to anyone on this call, in balance, we see the overall macro environment being more volatile, let’s say, at this time than where it was a year-ago entering fiscal 2016. So we’d see a higher level of volatility overall in the macro environment for the reasons that this group understands very well. Having said that, in that context, our guidance assumes that the market growth, and when I reference market growth, I’m talking about the basket of publicly traded companies. We expect for purposes of managing our business and the outlook that the market growth is going to be very similar in 2017 to what we saw in 2016. And in 2016, to be clear, we saw organic growth in the basket of publicly traded companies of about 2.5%. Now just to pause on that point for a minute that means that in 2016, we had an extraordinary result of growing roughly three times the basket for the full fiscal year, which is really tremendous and a reflection of - the power of our strategy and our capabilities and the relevance of the work that we’re doing with our clients. The overall basket, including the inorganic, grew at about 4.5%. So the market environment that we see is organic of 2.5 overall growth, let’s say, a 4.5% in that range. Now offsetting that so a higher risk profile in the macro - the market growth, as I called out is the fact that we’re starting this year with a high level of confidence, we continued to see strong momentum in our business. And that’s a reflection of the things that we have done very uniquely and positioning our business for the market of today and the market that we see in the future. When you look at what we’ve done organizing around five distinct businesses that can operate and do operate as leaders in their own right individually, but also can come together to do transformational work for our clients in a highly differentiated way. When you look at the extent we have invested in rotating our business to The New, meeting those new and emerging needs of our clients. All of that grounded in our innovation and grounded in our significant industry differentiation through our operating groups and the skills we have there. All of that continues to come together in a powerful way, and we’re very comfortable with the momentum that we have going into the year, all that translates in the 5% to 8% growth. As always, the range represents what we think is the full range of possibilities, we always work hard everyday to be at the upper end of the range. Across the entire range, it would be higher than market growth than we would gain share. And if we were to land toward the upper end of the range, that would continue to be about double the rate of the market growth, of which would be quite a strong result. So hopefully, that gives you the context in terms of how we see the market and our guidance.
Sara Gubins: Great. And then within that digital and The New, how are you expecting those to grow, given difficult comparisons but strong momentum?
David Rowland: We’d see both of those continuing to grow at strong double-digit growth. They will grow significantly higher than the average of Accenture overall. As we said last year, I believe, I think I said either on this call or at IA day is that, while we are very confident in our positioning in The New and the three components, from a planning standpoint or from a guidance standpoint, it’s not prudent for us to assume that it’s going to grow 30 plus percent again, one-month into the year. So we have, let’s say a more practical view, but yet still a view of strong double-digit growth at this point. And as the market opportunity - to the extent it becomes a higher level of growth similar to what we saw this year, then we’ll ramp up our capability and meet that need just as we did in 2016.
Sara Gubins: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good morning. Thanks David. Just a follow-up to Sara’s question. I guess why might this year be different, in terms of what you might deliver, relative to your guidance? It sounds like a lot of confidence, as you said, macro is more volatile, but maybe the starting point is similar. Can you comment maybe on visibility, or anything that might differentiate this year versus last year, based on what you see?
David Rowland: Well, as we start the year, maybe – let me answer that through the lens of our five operating groups and that might be helpful in terms of what might be different. If you look at our five operating groups against the 5% to 8% range, at the top end of the spectrum, if you will, you have products, which is the operating group that is positioned for the strongest level of growth. And we think it’s likely that products would deliver a level of growth that is above the range of 5% to 8% and really continue to lead the way for the growth in Accenture. Now will it be as high as it was in 2016? I don’t think anyone would expect us to assume a repeat of 18%, but yet it will continue to be very, very strong. On the other end of the spectrum, we have resources. And resources is really doing a brilliant job navigating what continues to be a very difficult environment. We do expect to see continued pressure, if you will, in energy and chemicals and natural resources, I would say no different than what we saw last year. We also continue to expect utilities to be a very strong performer for us. But on balance, when you net that together, we think it’s likely that Resources is going to be below that 5% to 8% range, still flat to positive growth, but below that range. And then in the middle, we have Financial Services, H&PS and CMT. And while we continue to expect strong growth for those three operating groups in that band of 5% to 8%, for different reasons, the growth will be, let’s say, lower than the strong growth that several of those operating groups delivered in 2016. Still very healthy growth, mind you, and growth that represents taking share in the case of all three of those. But at this point in our guidance, we’re not assuming that those three operating groups would deliver above the 8%. So when you say what’s different, with products, it’s more of the same, maybe not quite as strong as it was last year. Resources continues to have the headwinds with the two verticals in particular. And then the other three operating groups, we see right in that zone. And by the way, I think I might have said 18% for products, I meant to say 15%. I misspoke on that. So they were 15% for the year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. That’s helpful. So maybe just as a follow-up, just to follow through with that, just thinking about the consulting versus outsourcing for fiscal 2017, or maybe just broadly speaking, strategy versus application services, operations. Any sort of a help you can give us there, David, on what that might look like?
David Rowland: Yes, I would say that when you look out through the consulting and outsourcing lens first, so the type of work lens, we see the consulting being in the high single-digit growth, at the high single-digit level, so continued again very strong growth above the market, taking share. We see outsourcing as a type of work in the mid to high single digits. And those two combined support the 5% to 8% range. I think probably more interesting is to talk about it through the dimensions of our businesses. We see strategy and consulting combined in the mid to high single-digit range. And again, that would represent very strong growth in that segment of the market. We see application services in the mid single-digit range. We see operations in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. And again, in The New, as I mentioned, we see continued strong double-digit growth across all three components, but let’s say led by digital-related services.
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right. Good stuff. Really appreciate it. Was good to hear Pierre’s voice. Thanks.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hey. Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Keane: Hey, David. How are you doing? Just wanted to ask, last quarter, you warned of European Financial Service weakness on the horizon, but it was actually a strength in the quarter. I think it grew double digits. So just curious on your outlook there in Europe Financial Services, and maybe just in general, a lot of headline risk in Financial Services these days. How do you see the environment going forward for you guys?
David Rowland: Yes. First of all, let me say we were quite pleased with our growth in Financial Services in Europe. We have a very strong practice. We have a strong leadership, a great team broadly. And I think it just speaks again to the differentiation that we have, in this case, in Financial Services Europe, and the extent to which they are really bringing the full power of our strategy to serve our clients, which have a variety of needs. If I remember correctly, Pierre focused on a few demand drivers in Financial Services that continued to be present in the fourth quarter and we believe will continue to be present going forward. I mean, the first demand driver – first of all, the backdrop is, I think, as we know, Financial Services is a very technology-intensive sector, especially if you’re thinking about banking and capital markets, specifically. Within that, I would say the three demand drivers continue to be significant investment in digitizing the customer channels, so what we refer to, the sector refers to as distribution and marketing. There are significant investments to digitize the channel as a way to drive growth in the bank. Alongside that, for reasons that we understand, there’s significant focus on cost rationalization and increasing to a much higher level the cost efficiency of the bank, both to deal with, let’s say, the structural pressures of a lower interest rate environment, regulatory pressures, et cetera, but also to create capacity to invest for the growth through digitizing really the enterprise but especially the channel. And then a third driver would be risk and regulatory broadly, where we have a market-leading capability and that serves us very well. So when you look at the fourth quarter, all three of those things were at play globally but certainly in Europe. And we think we’re well positioned and we think that banks, in spite of these disruptive forces, continue to have the need to invest in transforming for profitability and investing for growth. And we are well positioned to help them with that. When you look at the backdrop of Brexit, specifically in Europe, we have not seen any material impact to date. We didn’t see that in the fourth quarter and we don’t see anything in the first quarter. Having said that, we along with everyone else continue to be very focused on it. The Brexit story, if you will, will play out in the months, if not years, to come. And so we watch that very closely. We’re not blind to the fact that, that could represent some risk. And we are working hard to anticipate those, should they occur, and then respond accordingly.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Helpful. And then just quick follow-ups. The lower tax rate, is that sustainable going forward, or is that just a one-year impact? And then just any thoughts on gross headcount for the year? Thanks so much and congrats.
David Rowland: Thank you very much. The tax rate - the accounting change for the tax rate for share-based compensation gives us a benefit because effectively we get a higher tax deduction when the share price at the time that a share is delivered is higher than the price at the time that the share was granted. And so in this environment, where we’ve had such strong appreciation in our share price, that created the tax benefit, which as I called out, was just under 2%. So to answer your question, will that continue over time? It will continue over time to the extent our share price continues to appreciate, such that our share price at the delivery date is higher than what it was at the time we granted. So you can take a point of view on where you think our share price will head, and then that would inform you as to whether or not that would benefit us going forward. On the headcount, was the second part of your question, as you look forward to next year, there is an interesting evolution, if you will, on how we talk about headcount even externally. And really, as you think about our focus on these five distinct businesses, each of which has a unique talent, strategy and supply demand model, it’s more nuanced, if you will, in terms of how we communicate headcount related data. And so what I would say in general is that we have a history of hiring to meet the demand that we see in the marketplace. We do it very effectively. Our utilization for many, many quarters has been managed really at industry-leading levels. And so as we look forward, our headcount is going to evolve in a way that meets the demand that we see in the market. And what we take comfort in is that we think talent management and our ability to access talent in the market is as good as anyone in our industry. And we feel very confident that we will secure the talent in the quantities we need to support the growth that we’ve provided for in our guidance.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Thanks David.
David Rowland: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning, David.
David Togut: Good morning, David. Could you address your strategy to reinvent your core, and rotate the core toward digital, security and cloud over time? And in connection with that, are there any milestones we can track, just to measure your progress in this strategic transformation?
David Rowland: Yes. So that’s a very good question, I’m glad you asked it. And so when you use the word core, just to level set everyone, you’re referring to that portion of our business that it is not in the roughly 40% we identify as in The New. So you are talking about the 60%. And I think the important point to make there and Pierre has made this point several times previously as well, is that our investment agenda and our innovation agenda covers the full scope of our business, including the 40% that we identify with The New and the 60% that we identify outside of The New. So again, we have a very vibrant business outside of that which we identify as being digital, cloud or security. So the point is, is that we do invest to maintain vibrancy in our core business. And our goal, just as it is in The New, is to grow our core faster than the market and take share. If you look at the year that we just completed, we estimate that our core grew – had positive growth, albeit in the single-digit, low-single-digit range as by design, the vast majority of our growth comes from new, which is the essence of our strategy. But nonetheless, our core business continued to grow and we estimate that it grew faster than the market and we took share. And we invest for that growth and we focus on it as a key part of our business. An example of that would be something that, again, I think, Pierre has referenced, Bhaskar Ghosh who leads technology has talked about this in different forums. But an example of that would be the investment that we’ve made in our myWizard, platform, which fundamentally reinvents, if you will, innovates around the way we do core application services work through the use of a automated tool that includes an intelligent agent or agents in the case of this tool, and really just helps us deliver application services work in a way that is more efficient and more effective. When you look at, for example some of the investments that we’ve made in our strategy and consulting business, while our strategy and consulting business is focused on The New, consistent with our strategy, there are parts of our strategy in consulting business that are not in that bucket that we call The New. When you look at the investments that we make in that part of our business, for example, the acquisition that we just announced of Kurt Salmon, which gives us an industry-leading strategy capability in the resell sector and it really strengthens our position there. Certainly, a part of that investment benefits us in The New, but there’s a part of that investment of that is the core strategy capability in retail that is part of the 60% that we benefit from as well. So we invest in both parts of the business and in both cases, our intent is to be a leader, to grow faster than the market and take share.
David Togut: Thanks very much, David. My thoughts are with Pierre.
David Rowland: Great. Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lisa Ellis of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Lisa. How are you?
Lisa Ellis: Hi, I am good. Thanks. Good morning, David.
David Rowland: Good.
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning.
Lisa Ellis: All right. First one, can you give a little bit of color around how - where you’re seeing the maturity of some of the digital service lines at this point? Now that as you highlighted, they’re $9.5 billion in revenue, meaning, is there any way to broadly characterize the digital work into build or design type of work, versus where you’ve moved into full implementation or even ongoing run activities?
David Rowland: Good question. And I have to say, thanks for not asking me the margin question first. You’ll ask that one, I’m sure. So Lisa, what I would say is that when you look at the maturity curve for The New, and I think this applies to digital, it applies to the each of the three components within digital that we talked about, analytics, mobility and Accenture Interactive, it applies to cloud adoption and it applies to security. I would say, across the board, universally, we are on the low end of the curve, if you will. Or to say differently, we are in the early innings of the adoption curve. And so these are ways that we think have a lot of runway in front of them. Paul Daugherty would give you a more eloquent view as our Chief Technology Officer, our Chief Technology Strategist. But I feel comfortable that he would say that, certainly this is a decade-long, if not beyond a decade-long adoption curve for these new technologies and really, the profound impact that they will each have on the way global businesses and governments operate. And so I would say we’re early stage in the adoption. And this wave has a long runway in front of it.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. And then as a follow-up, just maybe coming at the momentum question from a little bit of a different angle. Why is it that you think that – at least the splits you were giving Tien-Tsin suggest that you at this point believe your growth may decelerate into this year, even though, as you highlighted, it’s still meaningfully higher than the overall market growth. Given the momentum, though, you’re describing, and the fact that these are in early stage of adoption, and The New is an increasingly large component of your base, why would you think the business would decelerate this year?
David Rowland: Well, again, I think you have to look at the fact that – I want to make sure that in the way I answer that question that I start with the fact that we feel very good about the momentum in our business and we feel very good if we work within the range that we guided to, and that would represent, we think, market-leading performance. Now having said that, why would it be different? I don’t want this to sound negative because, in fact, we’re very positive. But when you think about month one of the quarter and when you think about the operating groups and the industries that have had really extraordinary double-digit growth, in many cases, not only for the last year, but for the last two years, right, as confident as we are in many of our industries, as we sit here in the first month of the year to assume that all of those industries and all of those geographic markets are going to continue at the same level of extraordinary double-digit growth for a third year in a row would just probably wouldn’t be prudent. Now does that mean that we don’t have confidence in our industries? No. Does that mean that our business runners aren’t working hard every day to hit the repeat button and do again what they’ve done in the last two years? Absolutely not. But Pierre and I have a responsibility to be balanced and prudent in the way we set our expectations externally. And that’s what’s reflected in our guidance. And again, that’s not to say that our guidance is conservative in any way because we don’t. We think it’s very good guidance in the context of the market growth and it’s entirely consistent with our strategy to be a leader and grow faster than the market. But if some of these industries have strong, but let’s say lower growth than they’ve had the last two years, then that would put us in the 5% to 8% range. And that is the possibility in several of our industries.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rod Bourgeois of DeepDive Equity Research. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hey. Good morning, Rod.
Rod Bourgeois: Hey, good morning. Hey, David. So just wanted to clarify a couple of things that seem to be assumptions in your guidance. If I understood your comments about the verticals correctly, it sounds like all of the verticals, except energy, could be somewhat weaker in its growth in fiscal 2017 versus 2016. And energy has been challenged, so it probably stays somewhat challenged. But the other verticals, it sounds like will decelerate. And then you also mentioned that you’re assuming the market rate of growth will hold up in FY2017 at the same rate as in FY2016. And so I just wanted to, one, clarify is that the assumption about the verticals, that they’ll generally be somewhat slower this year than last? And then on the market, I just want to understand the assumption that it will – the growth rate will hold up at its current level. What’s driving that assumption?
David Rowland: Yes. So I’ll start at the end, and then work back. What’s driving that assumption is that we don’t see anything as we sit here today that would fundamentally change the dynamics that we see in the market, let’s say, as we look out over the next four quarters. We see more of the same. And what we see is an organic market that would continue to grow in that 2.5% range, which means that we are making our own market through our differentiation, the uniqueness of our strategy, leveraging the power of our investments to drive a level of organic growth that is meaningfully higher than that to take share. But we don’t see anything that would meaningfully change that underlying organic growth of about 2.5%. So in other words, we’re not speculating on – you pick your black swan of the day, we’re not speculating on some black swan event that would materially change the market. If that were to happen, all companies will be revisiting the impact of something like that, should it occur. In terms of the – again, I almost hate to use the word deceleration because in almost all cases, our growth ambitions for the vast majority of our verticals continue to be quite strong and well above the market, albeit at lower levels than, in many cases, the very, very strong double-digit growth we’ve had the last year, if not two years. And so deceleration, what I would say for many of our verticals, we’ve assumed lower but still strong growth is the way I would characterize it. Energy and chemicals and natural resources, we don’t see a catalyst for change. We think those industries are going to continue to be tougher, let’s say, continue to be tough as we go through the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we have seen some pressure in communications in Europe in particular. And although we are very pleased with our growth in Financial Services, in banking and capital markets specifically, I would say that is an industry that we are watching, through Richard Lumb’s leadership, we are watching very, very carefully and very closely.
Rod Bourgeois: All right. Very helpful. And two very quick one. You mentioned the acquisition contribution should be around 2% this year. Could that be 3%? And then can you just comment on your DSO outlook?
David Rowland: Yes. So the 2% would align very closely to an assumption that we spend about $1 billion, which is what we’ve assumed in our capital allocation strategy, if you will. Could it be higher? As Pierre and I have said, we have the willingness and the courage, if you will, and the capacity, the fire power, to spend more than $1 billion should we have the right opportunities. And if the right opportunities presented themselves, then we have no reservations, no concerns and complete flexibility to go above $1 billion if the circumstances were right. And so, in theory, could it go higher? It could go higher and we’ll just have to see how the year plays out. A lot of it has to do with the timing of when those would occur.
Rod Bourgeois: Great. And then, yes, the DSO outlook.
David Rowland: Yes. On DSOs, we are managing to have our DSOs in the 40-day range. We had been signaling that DSOs, really, for many years, that our DSOs would tick up, but still be industry-leading. And right now, we are assuming DSOs in the 40-day range for next year.
Rod Bourgeois: Thanks.
David Rowland: Thank you very much.
KC McClure: Operator, we have time for one more question and then David will wrap up the call.
Operator: All right. Our last question will come from the line of Mr. Darrin Peller of Barclays. Please go ahead sir.
David Rowland: Hey. Good morning, Darrin.
Darrin Peller: Good morning, David. Thanks for squeezing me in. And just a quick follow-up, first on the hiring efforts. Can you give us a little more color on the distribution in terms of GDN versus on-site? Just given where you were investing in digital, I would imagine it’s more distributed towards the on-site. How much has that changed over the past year? And then I just have one more quick follow-up.
David Rowland: Yes, I would say that – I mean, just in terms of color, I would say that we are investing in talent acquisition literally in every major market that we have around the world. When you look at our five businesses, you can connect the dots and see where we have more, higher growth, let’s say, in strategy and consulting as an example, but not just limited to strategy and consulting, in digital, I might add. Certainly, a lot of that talent acquisition investment is in each of the markets that we operate in around the world. I would also point out though, the digital is – I’m sorry, the GDN also supports and is very integral to a big part of The New. And so we are investing in differentiated skills, obviously in cloud and in security, in digital in the GDN as well. But again, we’re very comfortable with our ability to acquire talent and to ramp that up as we need to as the market growth evolves throughout the year.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And just for my quick follow-up, I mean it really did sound like, from the gist of all the questions on the call that, and all your answers, that you really are not seeing any sentiment shift around the financial services vertical just yet post-Brexit, or anything else from a macro standpoint, hitting it just yet. I know you’re growing over a larger base, so it’s understandable, it would be a little more you prudent on outlook. But is that a fair statement, that while we’ve heard a lot of your competitors calling out more conservatism or shift in strategy by their clients, you haven’t seen it because of your focus on digital? Maybe any other color? Thanks.
David Rowland: Well, again I think just quickly, as we’re running out of time, I would say that I can’t comment on our competitors. What I can say is that the resiliency – so let me back up. A key tenet of our strategy, our growth strategy, is to create durability and resiliency in our business. And that is reflected in our focus across five businesses. It’s focused in our investments to lead in The New and it’s focused and it’s rooted in the focused, but diverse portfolio that we have across industries and across geographies. And whereas maybe some of our competitors, you can apply this to who you want, are more dependent on one or two or three verticals and one or two markets, that’s not the case with Accenture. And that is, in fact, the differentiator and probably colors our comments in our results versus some of our competitors, all of whom we respect, but yet we think we are differentiated for the reasons that I mentioned. Again, in addition to chemicals and energy and natural resources, we’ve got our eye on communications, in Europe in particular. And while we haven’t seen any impacts at this point in banking and capital markets, we’re not blind to the dynamics of the Brexit and how it could evolve. And Richard Lumb, who is our Group Chief Executive for Financial Services, is very focused on staying on top of that, and we’ll see how it plays out, but I would say, so far, so good.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Thanks, David End of Q&A
David Rowland: Right. Thank you very much. Okay, so let me just close out the call and thank everyone again for joining us on the call. Hope you found it helpful and insightful. As we enter fiscal 2017, we are very pleased with the ongoing momentum in our business, with the differentiated capabilities we are building, our continued rotation to The New and our disciplined management of the business, we are very confident in our ability to continue gaining market share and driving profitable growth. On behalf of Pierre and our entire leadership team, I want to thank all Accenture people around the world for their hard work, dedication and commitment to our clients in our business and to delivering another excellent year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions at all, please feel free to reach out to KC. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today’s panel. We’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s fourth quarter fiscal 2016 teleconference call. And thank you for using AT&T. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-06-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank David Grossman - Stifel Financial Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Dave Koning - Baird Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Tien-tsin Huang – JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Roxanne. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings announcement. As Roxanne just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2016. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our third quarter financial results and the strong momentum we have built in our business. I am particularly pleased that we again delivered double-digit revenue growth in local currency, gaining significant market share. Our research clearly demonstrates that we are executing our strategy very well, further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace. Here are a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered strong new bookings of $9.1 billion, bringing us to $26.4 billion for the year to date. We generated very strong revenue growth of 10% in local currency. Operating margin was 15.5%, an expansion of 10 basis points from adjusted operating margin in the third quarter last year. We delivered earnings per share of $1.41, up 8% from adjusted EPS in the third quarter last year. We generated strong free cash flow of $1.5 billion. And we returned $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So, we have delivered excellent third-quarter results. And as we enter the fourth quarter I feel very good about our business and I am confident in our ability to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre and thanks all of you for joining us on today's call. As you heard in Pierre's comments, our third quarter results were strong across almost every dimension of our business. Once again our results demonstrate the power of our highly differentiated growth strategy which is built on five businesses, delivered in an industry relevant context and focused on being the market leader and helping our clients rotate to The New. Looking out our results at a high level, there are few major themes which I think are important to note. First, 10% local currency growth marks the 7th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. These results were strong indication of the durability of our growth model, which is underpinned by our focus on achieving market leading scale across our key industries and geographic markets. This is best illustrated by our broad based growth in the third quarter which reflected double digit growth in 8 industries and 8 geographic markets. And strong double digit growth in The New especially in digital related services continue to be a key driver of our results. Second, operating margin of 15.5%, 10 basis points higher than last year's adjusted results was consistent with our objective to deliver modest margin expansion while investing significantly in our people and our business. Our profitability agenda is enabled by our drive to achieve fit-for-purpose economics across each of our five businesses. We're pleased with our progress year-to-date which has yielded 10 basis points of operating margin expansion and 10% growth in EPS on an adjusted basis, while at the same time creating the capacity to make important investments for long term market leadership. Third, as expected we generated strong free cash flow in the quarter of $1.5 billion and return roughly $1.2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We're well positioned to deliver free cash flow and excess of net income for the full year and importantly we continue to invest to acquire scale and capabilities in key growth areas, investing roughly $835 million across 11 acquisitions through the third quarter. So we're very pleased with our results in quarter three which combined with our first half results position us very well to achieve all of our key financial objectives for the year. With that said let's get into the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $9.1 billion for the quarter, consulting bookings were 4.9 with the book-to-bill of $1.1, outsourcing bookings were 4.2 also with the book-to-bill of $1.1. We’re very pleased with our overall new bookings particularly in consulting which represented the second highest new bookings quarter following the record set in quarter two. Looking at bookings by business, our new bookings results were highlighted by strong demand in operations which had an estimated book-to-bill of 1.4. Strategy in consulting services combined had an estimated book-to-bill above 1.0, well within our target book-to-bill range and application services had a book-to-bill of 1.0. Across the board digital related services continue to be a significant driver. Additionally, we had 10 clients with new bookings in excess of $100 million and year-to-date we've delivered $26.4 billion in new bookings reflecting 9% growth in local currency. Turning to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $8.4 billion, a 9% increase in USD and 10% in local currency reflecting a foreign exchange headwind of slightly less than 2%. Our consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.6 billion, up 12% in USD and 14% in local currency and our outsourcing revenues were $3.8 billion, up 4% in USD and 6% in local currency. The trends in revenue growth across our business dimensions were very similar to last quarter. Strategy and consulting services combined posted another quarter of strong double-digit growth, operations again had double-digit growth and application services grew high single-digits and across those four businesses, digital related services were significant contributor to growth with estimated growth in the range of 30%. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, products led all operating groups with 16% growth reflecting strong overall momentum in the business. Growth continues to be broad based with double-digit growth across all industries and geographies. H&PS grew 12% in the quarter driven by very strong growth in North America and the growth markets, as well as in the health business. We're also pleased with strong growth in public service especially in North America and the growth markets. Financial services also grew 12% led by very strong growth overall in banking and capital markets with solid growth across all other dimensions. Communications, Media & Technology delivered strong growth of 8% which was consistent with our expectations. From an industry perspective, electronics and high-tech, as well as media and entertainment continued their strong double-digit growth. Communications revenue was flat driven by modest declines in Europe and North America offset by double-digit growth in the growth markets. Lastly resources grew 1% in the quarter. The two divergent trends within resources continued with utilities again delivering strong double-digit growth across all three geographic regions while energy and chemicals and natural resources remain challenged due to cyclical headwinds. Moving down to income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.9% compared to 32.5% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.1% compared with 11.3% for the third quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 5.3% compared to 5.8% for the same quarter last year. As a reminder, in quarter three of last year, we recorded a non-cash settlement charge as a result of an offer to former employees to receive a voluntary lump-sum cash payment from our U.S. pension plan. The following comparisons exclude the impact and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $1.3 billion in the third quarter reflecting a 15.5% operating margin up 10 basis points compared with quarter three last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.5% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.7% in the third quarter last year. Net income was $950 million for the third quarter compared with net income of $889 million for the same quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.41, compared with EPS of $1.30 in the third quarter last year reflecting 8% year-over-year growth. Turning to DSOs, our day services outstanding were 41 days compared to 39 days last quarter and 37 days in the third quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.6 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $94 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at May 31 was $3.5 billion compared with $4.4 billion at August 31. Turning to some other key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with global headcount of over 375,000 people, our utilization was 91% compared to 90% last quarter and attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 15% up 2% from quarter two and consistent with the same period last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 4.3 million shares for $478 million at an average price of $112.44 per share. As of May 31, we had approximately 5.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned on May 13, 2016, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal 2016 in the amount of $1.10 per share bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.4 billion. So with three quarters in the books, we are very pleased with our results and we are now focused on quarter four and closing out a strong year. Let me turn it back over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our very strong results in the third quarter demonstrate that we are executing the right growth strategy and that we are providing highly relevant services to our clients. We are benefiting from the investments we've made to rotate our business to The New, digital, cloud and security-related services, which together now account for approximately 40% of our total revenues. Let me share a few examples of how we are leading in The New. We continue to see true demand for our digital capabilities. And we were very pleased that Accenture Interactive was recognized by Advertising Age magazine as the largest and fastest-growing provider of digital marketing services. Through Accenture Interactive, we are bringing our unique combination of design and customer experience capabilities to 70 companies in the Fortune Global 100. In cloud we are focused on building strong platforms for key industries such as our life science cloud for R&D. This truly innovative solution to collect, share and analyze clinical data is now being used by seven top pharma companies, including Pfizer, Merck, GSK and Lilly to accelerate drug development and improve patient outcome. In security, we're expanding our capabilities with the acquisition of Maglan, a cyber security Company based in Israel with strong expertise in cyber defense. And we just opened a new Accenture Lab in Israel that is dedicated to cyber R&D in threat intelligence, incidence response and internet of things security. This is all about helping clients become more resilient in today's digital world. We continue to see strong demand from clients to help them with their most complex mission-critical issues. In Accenture Strategy, we have developed a unique approach to help clients make sustainable improvements in their enterprise-wide performance. We are now a leader in this space, with a totally new zero-based methodology which we have delivered with excellent results at many consumer goods companies, including Unilever and Mondelez. We are now taking this approach to clients in health care, retail and financial services. We continue to invest across our business to drive growth and further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace. During the quarter we announced two acquisitions. We are taking a majority stake in IMJ, one of Japan's leading digital agencies. And we acquired OPS Rules, an analytics consulting company, to expand our capabilities in machine learning, supply chain and operations analytics. We continue to collaborate with leading players in the tech ecosystem to further strengthen our capabilities in cutting edge technologies. We work with IPsoft, a market leader in artificial intelligence to launch a new practice focused on its virtual agent platform which is called Amelia. Our new practice will help clients leverage artificial intelligence to realize efficiency gains and generate new growth opportunities. And we continue to invest to drive even more innovation and productivity in our global delivery network. We launched a new intelligence automation platform called Accenture myWizard, to deliver smarter and more efficient application services. We are already using myWizard with more than 200 clients to drive productivity improvements. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I continue to be very pleased with the strong and balanced growth we are driving across all three of our geographic regions and especially in our largest markets. In North America, we delivered 11% revenue growth in local currency, driven by double-digit growth once again in the United States, bringing us to eight quarters in a row of double-digit growth in the U.S. In Europe we delivered 12% revenue growth in local currency. I am particularly pleased that almost all of our largest markets generated double-digit growth, including the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, Germany, and France. And in growth markets we grew revenues 6% in local currency, led primarily by double-digit growth in Japan, as well as strong double-digit growth in China, India, and Mexico. Before I turn it back to David, I want to reflect on a couple of Accenture core strengths that are particularly important to our future growth. The first is our portfolio of intellectual property. Over the years, we have made a significant investment and now have more than 5,000 patents and patent-pending applications in areas such as artificial intelligence, cyber security, drones, virtual agents, internet of things and other platforms. Our intellectual property is an important asset which drives differentiation and value in the marketplace. Second is our brand. I am proud that Accenture was just ranked number 38 on BrandZ's Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands, our highest ever on this list. Again, our brand strengthens our unique positioning in the marketplace and drives significant competitive advantage. It reflects the trust our clients place in us and enables us to attract top talent. So with the first three quarters of the year behind us, I'm very pleased with our performance. We have very good momentum in our business and I feel confident that we are well positioned to deliver a strong fiscal year 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to summarize our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.25 billion to $8.5 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be negative 1% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2016, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 4.5% compared to fiscal 2015. For the full fiscal 2016, we now expect our net revenue to be in the range of 9.5% to 10.5% growth in local currency over fiscal 2015. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2016 to be 14.6%, a 10 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2015 results. As a reminder, we closed our Navitaire transaction last quarter which lowered the full year FY 2016 tax rate by approximately 1.5% and increased diluted earnings per share by $0.74. Our guidance for fiscal 2016 excludes the impact of this transaction. We continue to expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25%. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2016 to be in the range of $5.29 to $5.33 or 10% to 11% growth over adjusted fiscal 2015 results. Turning to cash flow, for the full fiscal 2016, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $500 million and free cash flow to continue to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. Finally we continue to expect to return at least $4 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding in the range of 1.5% as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning. Operating margin guidance to start the year, I think was 10 to 30 basis points, which has been your historical practice. This year it sounds like you will only do 10 basis points expansion. Just want to make sure I understand why the low end this year. And does that change anything going forward about your historical typical practice of 10 to 30 basis points of expansion.
David Rowland: So Bryan if you look at the 10 to 30 as you well know and the others know that has been kind of our target range for many years now. And if you look at our results over the last five years, we covered the full scope of that range including having been at 10 basis points expansion at least once if not twice in that period, and I think one year been at 30 basis points. So, we've covered the expense of that range and so coming in a 10 basis points this year isn't in consistent with kind of our historical performance. Having said that, if you look at where we are year-to-date, we’re at 10 basis points of expansion through the first three quarters and so at this point based on what we see, it just feels very clear to us that we are trending in that direction. I think the important point to note and this is different about this year versus other years where we've been at 10 basis points of expansion is that we embarked on a journey especially a few years ago to really raise our gain in the investments that we’re making in our business including but not limited to the significant capital investments that we've made an acquisitions which also flow through our P&L. And so when you look at the 10 basis points, it really is a direct intention of what we’re trying to accomplish by positioning our business for the long term by investing at a scale that is truly differentiated in our sector and positions us for long term leadership. And so we’re actually very pleased with the 10 basis points of expansion and that it on one hand supports - we believe double digit growth in EPS but on the other hand underneath it, it represents significant investments that we're making in our business and our people. And last comment that I’ll make is that, if you were to look at our underline margin expansion, excluding the investments, the underlying margin expansion is quite healthy and would compare very favorably to what we've done in any previous year. So, we feel great about the economic leverage in our model and we feel great about the - the focus that we’ve had on investing.
Bryan Keane: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up. At the Analyst Day I think you mentioned the potential to hire around 100,000 gross heads. It doesn't look like you are on track for that. I was looking for an update on gross hires for the fiscal year. Thanks to much and congrats on the quarter.
David Rowland: Thank you, Bryan. I think last year we commented that our hiring was going to be over 100,000, this year it will be less than a 100,000 and I might add that we are quite pleased with that result. We view that as a positive outcome in the way we are able to - let’s say moderate our headcount growth in recent quarters well at the same time supporting continued strong topline growth, I mean that's an equation that we like.
Bryan Keane: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Grossman, Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
David Grossman: Hi, good morning, thank you. I was wondering if we could look at the overall business. Recently we've talked about the ebb and flow of the business and the shifting priorities, which has favored consulting growth versus outsourcing. Can you help us understand whether that trend continues at the same rate or whether that's beginning to equalize?
Pierre Nanterme: As you look at our business and indeed these last few years, all the industries in all the markets are under significant transformation. They want to transform their business and the different industries, what we call, rotate to The New in all the digital space. They want as well to improve their operational efficiency and they want to implement new capabilities. So at the end of the day, if you look at the nature of the transformation of our industries, they are more related to consulting type of services. This is the nature of the demand because of the unique nature of the transformation in the industries. If you look back a few years ago where outsourcing was going to be stronger, it was absolutely linked to the fact that you have less need for true industry transformation and innovative play. And the industries were more looking for straightforward efficiency gains. And to some extent, to a great extent, the natural answer we provided at Accenture to straightforward efficiency gain through around the outsourcing arbitrage, more productivity, tackling the cost in operation and in IT. So I feel this natural shift from a bit of outsourcing, a bit less of outsourcing, to a bit more of consulting is reflecting the true nature of the transformation in the industries. And by the way, we feel extremely good about our positioning in this rotation, if you will, based on our industry image based on the investments we made in rotating to The New. Based on the fact that we still have significant capability at great scale to tackle the cost efficiency programs from our clients.
David Grossman: So no real material change in the pace, Pierre, of how that is migrating to the market?
David Rowland: We see that trend continuing, yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Definitely, we see that trend continuing. You have cycles. We are in a cycle of transformation for all the reasons we all know are on the call. And I guess the cycle will continue as long as the industries will be in this transformational phase.
David Grossman: Very good, thanks. Just one quick follow-up. I wonder if you could quickly contrast your comment about IT and how you view IP at Accenture versus perhaps how a product company views IP.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, very pleased. For us, IP is very important. That's why I wanted in that call to put the attention on our IP population. It's something we've been talking about, we have so many things to discuss with all of you. But we've been very active from an IP standpoint and especially as, again, we are in a phase of reinvention and in a phase of innovation. Reinvention, innovation, equals intellectual property building. And for us we are building intellectual property is in many things - and you're right - it's more than products or sometimes we feel that IP equals software or application product. And IP could be behind processes, operating models. There are a lot of things you can - methodologies, approaches, part of solutions and this is all what we do. And I was quite impressed recently when I've been reviewing the IP portfolio with our 5,000 patents or patent-pending activities. I felt that it would be good for me to share that with all of you as, again, an element where Accenture is quite on top of its game in order to drive innovation and to perfect, more important, our innovation inside Accenture for the benefit of our clients and for the benefit of our investors.
David Grossman: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi, Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: Hi, my first question here is what are the challenges in growing digital at this point? Do you think the growth rate can keep up there? And are you finding enough talent? And maybe even some color on the margins in that business would be great
Pierre Nanterme: Good question. So far, so good. It's every day we're working on it at Accenture. And as you see, we've been extraordinarily active these last few years, certainly three, four years. Every day we are taking actions. These actions are to grow, if you will. In order to lead in The New, you need skills and capabilities and we've been very active from a talent standpoint. All the credit to our operating group leads, but as well to Ellyn Shook, I would like to recognize during the call here our Chief HR Officer leading all our talent agenda, and we are very active. I would like as well to recognize Roxanne Taylor from a brand standpoint because brand is absolutely key in attracting talents. That's why I wanted as well in that call to put some emphasis on the brand because it's very important in our strategy to attract talent. Of course, we've been very active from an acquisition standpoint. You've seen us raising our game these last four years and this is our objective, to continue with that pace moving forward as long as we could find relevant companies, relevant acquisitions, that will bring their capabilities. But we need to continue as well to invest on an organic standpoint. We developed our own platforms. I'm thinking about Accenture cloud platform. I'm thinking about Accenture currency platform in analytics, in marketing and so forth. So we are very active across the patch of digital. Of course, as you will see, our digital is covering interactive, mobility, analytics, cloud, security. We are even now considering the next play. I'm thinking about artificial intelligence. So far I feel good. You're right to ask the question. It's a everyday commitment from Accenture to invest in The New and to lead in The New. And I'm pleased with the momentum we are creating and I see that continuing.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And as my follow-up, to go back to the margin question, with acquisition activity being strong over the last couple of years and you needing to invest in digital, which is obviously growing very well and driving the business, should we expect a moderation in that 10 to 30 basis points typical margin expansion target? Or is that still the case going forward? Because it seems like you're in a heavy investment mode and I was wondering how to think about that going forward. Thanks.
David Rowland: Well first of all, certainly I’m not going to provide guidance on this call and I will come back to that question if I can just ask for your patience, I will come back to that question in more detail at the Investor Analyst Day in October. What I will say is that our focus on investing at scale doesn't end this year. This is a cycle that we’re in but I will also tell you as I mentioned the last two investment, analyst days and I referenced again in the script we are very focused on this journey of managing our business in a fit for purpose way which is really our platform for creating underlying profitability improvement in our business to both support our ambition for higher investments but also support our ambition for margin expansion as a way to support our goals to grow EPS. And I would say the general rule, the economic leverage that we have in our model hasn’t changed and in fact I might say in some ways, we have new and exciting opportunities as we think about this move to fit for purpose focus and how we manage and drive our business. But I will get more specific on all of that in October.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg, Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Hey, David. Just wanted to get a quick clarification on one of the answers you gave to - I think it may have been Bryan's question about headcount growth this year, new hires. It sounded like you were alluding to nonlinear dynamics perhaps, between headcount growth and revenue growth, if I heard you correctly. And I just wanted to clarify that, because it looks like billable headcount year-to-date has actually grown faster than revenue. But I just wanted to clarify what you were referencing there.
David Rowland: Yes, what I was referencing was first of all just the fact that we will hire fewer people this year than we did last year is one point. The second thing I was referencing is it, if you look at our sequential growth in headcount and recent growth quarters, it’s certainly moderated over let’s say the prior 7, 8 quarters and probably beyond. The third thing I was referencing although I didn’t say it specifically is that it is true if you look at our headcount growth in the third quarter year-over-year, it was at a rate above our revenue but that rate above our revenue was less than what you’ve seen in recent quarters. And so there is without getting overly specific, there are three things that factor in to that, one would be our focus on automation as an example and the mix although as we said, that is early days but yet a big focus for us going forward, things like chargeability around the mix, things like attrition levels around the mix, when you consider at hiring number and of course, the revenue yield that we're getting for billable head is also in the mix. And that can be influenced by things like the mix of work that we're doing across the five business mix of work by geography and it can also include pricing. So, all of those things are kind of in the mix and in some way all of those are contributing to what it has been a more moderate growth sequentially in our headcount and that's really all I was pointing out.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, that's super helpful. Maybe just to pick up on that point around utilization, I think you've been running at 90%-plus for seven straight quarters after never having been at those levels prior to last fiscal year. So do you feel like this is a new normal and that we're unlikely to see this slip below 90%? And would it also be fair to say that you're maxed out at this 90%, 91% range? Or could there be further head room, depending on how the revenue mix evolves over time?
David Rowland: I guess I won't declare that it's maxed out. There are things that could work in our favor going forward that could influence that metric further. If you look at our historical norm, we are at the higher level of that range for sure. And we are running hot and I think that reflects the activity in the market. We could come down a click or two in different quarters. And a lot of times that happens with periods in the year where we tend to bring on, let's say, more heads. So for example, in the fourth quarter we have a lot of our new joiners, campus hires that will start with us in the fourth quarter and early in the fall. So the simple answer is that no doubt we are running at a very high level of utilization, reflecting the dynamics that we see in the market. But we're in a zone right now that we feel very comfortable managing but it could also be a click lower and we wouldn't be worried about that.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, I appreciate the comments. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Lisa Ellis, Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning, David. I have a question. In the market it looks like you're seeing that demand for the new digital security services, cloud services, is if anything accelerating. And yet, as I guess a number of folks now have called out, a lot of your forward indicators have decelerated a bit. Headcount growth, the pace of M&A, even though it's still elevated, has slowed down since last year. So can you comment on that disconnect or how you're thinking about that? Because if anything, it seems like the demand is accelerating, not decelerating, out there.
Pierre Nanterme: I can speak of that. Good morning, Lisa. On the point you're mentioning around deceleration of some of our capabilities, when you're talking about acquisitions it might very well be that we're going to make less transactions than last year, a few. But on the other hand, we will certainly deploy a bit more capital than last year because we expect to close the year with a bit more than $1 billion being deployed. So I guess it's - so we are not slowing down at all our acquisitions agenda, at least in terms of volume of capital deployed. By the volume of capital deployed it means the capabilities we are bringing back in Accenture. So I do not see on digital, anything in Accenture which would reflect a kind of slowing down of our appetite to grow, of our appetite to invest, and of our appetite to accelerate in The New. From a net standpoint I will let David comment again.
David Rowland: Lisa, one thing I would point out is that - really, to get underneath your question, you would have to get into the more granular details of our business which are not practical for us to get in externally but let me just make the point that as the business is rotating overall, we are also rotating a lot of talent within our headcount. And so what is not apparent by simply looking at the overall numbers is the talent rotation that is taking place. And I can assure you that our pace of investing and acquiring headcount specifically focused on driving this new agenda, and the digital-related services agenda as part of that, has not slowed down at all. In fact, I would say the demand for talent in The New and talent in digital-related talent as one example, but also including cloud and security in our business has never been higher. And it is - as Pierre referenced earlier for Ellyn Shook, that is job number one for her, is managing the talent supply side to fuel The New. And I think our pace of activity is not slowing, if anything, our appetite for that talent is increasing. But it's underneath the overall number that we communicate. So we feel like our indicators are positive indicators right now.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, to build on this, because this is a very important question you're raising, coming back to talent, I know that we have a lot of questions regarding the total headcount. And we're working that very carefully with David to see that we've been able to grow more our revenues with a little bit less hiring of people, which on balance we will all recognize, is a good direction. If you look from a managing director standpoint, so all of the leadership of Accenture, I just would like to reconfirm that this year in fiscal 2016 we promoted much more managing directors than ever these last 4 years. And I think from a recruiting of leaders, managing directors, we've never been so active in the market in recruiting new leaders. So it's important to segregate the leadership we are hiring and promoting at scale, because the leaders are driving the business, from the total headcount which we all expect will continue to grow less, a bit less than our revenues moving forward, due to the factor of automation and productivity in our operations.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, thank you. That's great color, thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question is from Dave Koning, Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. First of all, the digital business, you talked about, it's about 40% of revs, growing about 30%. That would imply that the other 60% is maybe flattish to down. Maybe you can talk a little bit about that. And then is this the formula that digital keeps growing in that range and the rest of the business is more flattish? Is that the formula going forward?
Pierre Nanterme: I think the formula going forward is very simple. We want to grow. That's our goal in life is to grow and to grow more than the market. In order to grow more than the market, we believe at Accenture and this is at the heart of our strategy, that it's going to be by leading in the digital-related services. To be clear, we want to make Accenture the leading professional services company in digital-related services. This is what we're working on these last few years and we will continue moving forward. We have evidence that this rotation to The New is happening at big scale. So the most significant part of our growth will come from digital-related services because this is our strategy, first and second, this is where the demand is. Now, that being said, we want to continue making our core, if you will, extremely competitive in the marketplace. I just mentioned in the call that we invested in our new intelligent delivery platform called Accenture myWizard which is bringing a lot of success in Accenture. So of course we're growing much less in the core than in The New, which is exactly reflecting our strategy. Now, the core is still positive, growing less, but it's still positive. And I believe that on the core Accenture is growing more than the competition at the end of the day which has always been our value proposition, is to grow more than the market in The New and much more. And is to grow more than the market in the remaining core which is what we do, of course, at a much lower level and lower pace, but still positive. Right, David?
David Rowland: It is. And David, let me also clarify some subtleties in the way we talk about digital-related services and The New, just to remind you and the others as well. So, we initially started talking about digital-related services, which was defined specifically to include Accenture Interactive, mobility, and analytics. And digital-related services is what I referenced was growing in the range of 30%. Following introducing digital-related services several quarters ago, we rolled forward, kind of evolved that, to talk about The New, which includes digital-related services, cloud-related services and security. With The New, we commented that it is now about 40% of our revenues. We did not comment on the growth rate for The New. But I will say that digital-related services of the three components of The New, is the fastest growing. So that helps you as well. We talk about The New and digital-related services and it's important to just reinforce the understanding of the definitions.
Dave Koning: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess the one other question I had, the growth markets grew 6% and then North America and Europe were more like 11% to 12%. I would have thought a few quarters ago that maybe China and Brazil, the gap would have been - the slower growth would have happened but it actually seems like now that gap, the growth markets are growing quite a bit slower than the others. Maybe you can just comment on that a little bit.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, happy to comment. Fact of the matter is growth markets are growing lower than the other two, maybe just because the other two are growing exceptionally well and especially Europe at 12%, which of course is a remarkable achievement. Now when you look at the growth markets, needless to say that it's a mixed bag of very different situations when we're talking our growth markets. First, we are extremely pleased that we continue with our double-digit growth with Japan. By the way, I don't know and maybe we provide information, how many quarters now we've been growing double-digits in Japan, but it's starting to be spectacular, and of course is a very large market for Accenture. Not only for the - still what we're calling the growth market, but for Accenture as a whole. So I'm extraordinarily pleased with the turnaround we've been driving in Japan, with the momentum we are making in Japan and with the acquisition we have made of IMJ in order to accelerate the rotation to The New in Japan. I am very pleased with the new momentum we are creating China this year, together with India and Mexico. Now, as you know, in the growth markets there are two factors impacting the growth markets. First is these markets are more vulnerable to the commodity markets in terms of energy and natural resources. There are significant countries very dependent on natural resources and energy. And of course they are affected by the commodity price going down, and accordingly we are affected with this factor. Secondly, the situation in Brazil. We all know what's happening in Brazil. So our growth has been slowing down in a market which is very important for Accenture. That being said, I love being public on this, because I would like to recognize the incredible leadership of Roger Ingold and now Leonardo Framil leading our practice in Brazil, where we're doing more than resisting. When I say more than resisting, it means on a year-to-date standpoint we are growing in Brazil, which is probably according to any standards, a remarkable achievement. Now, of course we're growing less in Brazil than we used to grow in the past. So on balance, it's a 6% reflecting very different dynamics. This is what - is something I like a lot in Accenture, is our diverse portfolio of businesses where, indeed, when you look at the growth markets, when Brazil is a bit under pressure, all commodity markets, we benefit from growth elsewhere and on balance 7% is pretty good from my perspective.
David Rowland: Yes. If you isolated chemicals and natural resources and energy and then looked at the underlying growth in growth markets, it would be very similar to what we see in the other areas. It has that unique dynamic as well as the other points Pierre mentioned.
Dave Koning: Got you, great. Well, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jim Schneider, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could talk a little about financial services. It's an area where you've talked about previously being driven by transformation and that pace continues be pretty strong. Can you give us any sense about whether you're seeing any tone change from your financial services customers, either in banking or elsewhere in terms of the overall IT spending outlook and that would suggest that we are seeing any slowdown in that pace of change, change-driven services in particular?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I probably could take this one, David, from my prior role. It seems that all my life I will comment on Europe [indiscernible], but very happy to. First, let's start with the beginning. We're pleased with where we are with financial services overall. If you look at the results we posted this last few quarters, we had good momentum in financial services. Second, it's an industry which is ongoing some significant rotation to The New for obvious reasons. It's a B to C industry and we have a lot of activities in terms of rotating to The New and creating digital capabilities in financial services. This is as well an industry where we see a lot of potential in what we're calling automation, if you will, to create more automated processes, bringing virtual agents to provide financial advisory services. So that's the path which is creating some momentum. However, on the other side of the coin, if you will, it's an industry which is still under pressure, especially in Europe, for all sorts of reasons. Negative interest rates have been good, especially in that industry for their commercial business. The regulatory constraints are high, as you know, with all - especially in Europe with all the Basel legislation and all the constraints which have been put on the banks and so the profitability of the banks been affected these last few years. So at the same time they need to rotate to The New, but at the same time they need to work on their cost. So there is a bit of this story with our financial services clients, investing in The New but being extremely cautious about their cost play. That's why after this good momentum we have in financial services, we might see some moderation of our growth with our verticals in Europe a bit. Nothing we are over-worried about because we believe the potential is still there, but it's an industry which is under cost pressure.
Jim Schneider: That's helpful, thank you. And then maybe one for David. DSOs edged back up to 41 and I guess have been on a little bit of an upward trajectory over the last four, six quarters. Can you give us a sense about whether that says anything about the overall cash flow trends for the business and whether that, in fact, is a longer term trend?
David Rowland: Yes, I would say, to be completely transparent, it was a little higher than I would have wanted in the quarter, but yet we still generated very strong cash flow. We are very focused on managing our DSO and I'm hopeful that we will see it click down at the end of the fourth quarter. As I've said before, first of all, even at the levels that we're at, as you know, you hear us say all the time, we're still very much industry-leading. I do think that we are in the zone of what I think could be a reset, new normal and, let's say, in that 40-day plus or minus zone. And so we'll continue to focus on it as one of our key operational priorities. And I'm hopeful we can continue to manage it in that zone.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
KC McClure: Roxanne, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: So the last question is from the line of Tien-tsin Huang, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good morning. Forgive the noise, I'm at the airport. Just a couple quick ones. What exactly is driving the revenue raise in the guidance here? What areas specifically are running better than expected?
David Rowland: Really the revenue raise is just a reflection of posting roughly 11% growth year-to-date. And if you look at the guidance range of the 6% to 9%, we just simply did the math. If you do the mathematical extension of that, you get to the 9.5% to 10.5% range. I think in terms of what's driving it of late, products is very, very hot right now. And the thing that is impressive about products, which also happens to be our largest operating group, is that their growth is broad-based across every industry in that operating group, as well as each of the three geographic areas. And so I would say that what is driving us to a strong close to the year, if you will and hence raising the revenue 0.5 point on the upper end, you would start with products and the strong story there. Health and public service is another strong story. Very good growth in the third quarter and very strong momentum as we look to the fourth quarter. I would say our business in North America is another source of momentum. If I had to name, let's say, three big drivers, I would pick those two operating groups and North America. And then of course underneath that, as Pierre covered very well, is the ongoing continued momentum in digital and The New, which we certainly will continue into the fourth quarter. So those are some of the big themes in terms of driving what we hope will be a good strong close to the year.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. That's helpful, Pierre, thanks. I also wanted to follow up, I think it was David Grossman's question on IP and software and how the deconsolidation of Duck Creek, that action there, how does that fit in the strategy of owning IP and platforms, any comments? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, elaborating a bit on what I said before. So we're working on our IP from, again, from a process standpoint, a metallurgy standpoint, from part of solutions standpoint, and of course, in the context of working with our partners. And it might very well be that we are creating IP on top of some market solutions, which is where we are making the bridge with your question around software, not software. We are, in our business, we are working with software companies. And the job of Accenture for many years has been to bring an industry expertise, an industry wrapper on top of these solutions. And on this wrapper we are bringing, we're working on protecting our own IP when appropriate and when possible. This is where at Accenture we make the bridge with the software providers. The software providers are all our friends and we're working with the best possible companies. They are coming to Accenture, that's why we are a good partner to bring industry expertise. And this is on the industry wrapper we could build IP.
David Rowland: Pierre, you want to comment on Duck Creek? He also asked about Duck Creek and how that fits in with our strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And Duck Creek is clearly a good illustration of what we are doing. Duck Creek is a fantastic company, an excellent solution. We certainly believe this is the best in the marketplace in policy administration, in insurance policy administration in some markets including the United States. We want to invest more in Duck Creek to establish an even stronger leadership in the different markets of Duck Creek. And we believe that the right way of doing it was to partner with someone who would bring some strength in terms of investing together with us, in that case, Apax Partners. And we're very pleased that Accenture, together with Apax will be able to invest behind Duck Creek and move Duck Creek solutions to the next level and establish a stronger leadership. This is all about the new Accenture. At Accenture, we will look always at all the ways to invest, to bring the right solution, to be smart, to be thoughtful and mindful about our capital allocation and at the end of the day, to lead in the market and to lead in The New.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay, thanks again for joining us on today's call. Let me close with a few thoughts on Accenture's long-term performance, which I believe unites all of us, investors, analysts, Accenture leaders and all of our people. Next month on July 19 we will celebrate the 15-year anniversary of Accenture's IPO. We have performed extremely well over the years by continually reinventing our business. Since our IPO we have delivered compound annual growth of 8% in revenues and 14% in adjusted EPS, creating significant value for our shareholders, for our clients and for our people. So I want to thank all of you for the support you've been bringing to Accenture over so many years. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. And all the best to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 AM today running through September 29, 2016 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code 394564. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. And again, the access code is 394564. That concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-03-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Darren Peller - Barclays Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Edward Caso - Wells Fargo
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Greg. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I’m KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market position before David provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2016. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this call. And now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We delivered very strong financial results for the second quarter, and I’m extremely pleased with the momentum we have created in our business over the last eight quarters. This quarter, our growth was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business. Our strategy is clearly resonating with the needs of our clients and differentiating Accenture in the marketplace, but in regards to gain significant market share. Here are few highlights from the quarter. We delivered outstanding new bookings of $9.5 billion. We grew revenues 12% in local currency, a very strong performance, including double-digit growth in four of our five operating groups and all three geographic regions. Operating margin was 13.7%, an expansion of 10 basis points. We delivered outstanding earnings per share of $1.34 on an adjusted basis, a 24% increase. We generated free cash flow of $169 million. And we continued to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.10 per share, which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.20 per share or 8% increase over last year. Now, with the first half of the year behind us, I feel very good about our business and how we’re positioned for the year. Based on our strong performance, we are raising our business outlook for both, revenues and earnings per share for the year. Now, let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. And thanks all of you for joining us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our outstanding financial results from the second quarter. Once again, our results this quarter reflect continued strong momentum across almost every dimension of our business, reflecting the strength of our leadership position in the market and the relevance of our offerings and capabilities through our clients. Before I get into the details, let me summarize some of the important highlights from this quarter. Strong local currency growth of 12% represents the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, which is even more impressive when you consider that quarter two of last year grew 12% as well. The overriding [ph] theme of broad-based growth was evident again this quarter with four of our operating groups and all three geographic areas posting strong double-digit growth. Our growing leadership position and digital related services continued to serve us well. And combined with cloud related services and security, we continue to be the partner of choice in helping our clients rotate to the new. Operating margin of 13.7% reflects 10 basis points expansion within our annual guided range. Our profitability continues to reflect the absorption of significant investments in our people and in our business, as we further strengthen our leadership position in the market. The combination of strong revenue growth, expansion in our margin and tax rate efficiencies resulted in 24% EPS growth for the quarter and 11% EPS growth year-to-date, excluding the gain on sale of Navitaire, which I’ll describe in more detail shortly. Free cash flow of $169 million came in as expected and keeps us on a trajectory to deliver our annual guidance range, which reflects free cash flow in excess of net income for the full year. And importantly, we continue to invest at scale in our business, closing five acquisitions in the quarter with year-to-date invested capital of approximately $750 million. So, we’re very pleased with our results which continue to demonstrate our ability to successfully deliver on our three imperatives for driving shareholder value, durable revenue growth; sustainable margin expansion; and strong cash flow with disciplined capital allocation. With that said, let’s now turn to some of the details for the quarter. As expected, we delivered a higher level of new booking this quarter at $9.5 billion including an all-time record high consulting bookings. Consulting bookings were $5 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2, outsourcing bookings were $4.5 billion also with the book-to-bill of 1.2 and consistent with our target. We’re particularly pleased with the strong and balanced demand across all of our business dimensions, which is best illustrated by our estimated book-to-bills. Consulting and strategy had a combined book-to-bill of 1.1; application services, a book-to-bill of 1.2; and operations of book-to-bill of 1.3. And across the board, digital-related services continued to be a significant driver of our new bookings. Finally, we’re pleased that we had 10 clients with bookings in excess of $100 million, which again points to the strength of our client relationships and their trust and our ability to drive their most important initiatives. So, turning now to revenue, net revenues for the quarter were $7.95 billion, a 6% increase in USD and 12% in local currency, reflecting a negative 6% foreign exchange impact. Our quarter two revenues were higher than our guided range, primarily due to consulting demand being even stronger than expected across many of our operating groups and geographic markets. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.3 billion, up 12% in USD and 18% in local currency. Our outsourcing revenues were $3.7 billion, flat in USD and an increase of 6% in local currency. Looking broadly at drivers of revenue growth for the quarter, we had strong and balanced estimated growth across all business dimensions. Digital-related services continued to be the dominant theme [ph] with growth above 25%, which once again fueled double-digit growth in our strategy and consulting services, combined. Operations returned to double-digit growth, and we saw an uptick in application services to high-single-digit growth. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, H&PS grew 15% in the quarter with very strong double-digit growth in both health and public service; and overall in North America and the growth markets. Products delivered broad-based growth of 14% and continued to be led by our industrial and life sciences industries which were very -- with very strong overall growth in Europe and the growth markets. Communications, media and technology grew 13% in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in North America and the growth markets, as well as electronics and high-tech and media and entertainment globally. Financial services momentum continued with 13% growth, led by very strong double-digit growth in banking and capital markets as well as strong growth across all three geographies. And finally, resources delivered 4% growth, led by continued strong double-digit growth in utilities as well as strong overall growth in North America and Europe. We continue to navigate cyclical headwinds in energy and in chemicals and natural resources where growth is significantly challenged. At the same time, looking at resources overall, we feel that we are more than holding our own in a very difficult environment. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 29.8% compared to 29.9% in the same period last year. Our sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.5% compared to 10.7% for the same quarter last year, down 20 basis points. General and administrative expense was 5.7%, up 10 basis points from the second quarter last year. Operating income was $1.1 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.7% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with quarter two last year. In the second quarter, as part of launching an important partnership with Amadeus, we closed our Navitaire transaction which lowered our quarter two tax rate by 1.7%, increased net income by $495 million, and increased diluted earnings per share by $0.74. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 15.4% compared with an effective tax rate of 26% for the second quarter last year. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of fiscal ‘16, benefited from a final determination of prior-year tax liabilities as well as changes in the geographic distribution of earnings. Net income on an adjusted basis was $905 million for the second quarter, compared with net income of $743 million for the same quarter last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.34, compared with EPS of $1.08 in the second quarter last year. This reflects the 24% year-over-year increase of which $0.17 or 16% came from the lower tax rate. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding were 39 days compared 41 days last quarter and 35 days in the second quarter of last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $169 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $317 million, net of property and equipment additions of $148 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at February 29th was $3 billion compared with $4.4 billion at August 31st. Turning to some other key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with the global headcount of about 373,000 people, which was roughly flat with quarter one and up 15% compared to quarter two of last year. We now have approximately 273,000 people in our global delivery network. Our utilization in quarter two was 90%, consistent with last quarter. Attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 13%, consistent with quarter one and down 1% compared to the same period last year. With regards to our ongoing objectives to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 8.1 million shares for $829 million at an average price of $102.14 per share. At February 29th, we had approximately 6.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre just mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $1.10 per share, representing an 8% over the dividend we paid in May last year. This dividend will be paid on May 13, 2016. Finally, before I close, let me mention that our Board has approved a decision to terminate our U.S. pension plan, which will reduce future risk and administrative costs to Accenture. This is subject to regulatory approvals and is not expected to be finalized for 12 months to 18 months. Upon final settlement, we expect to record a principally non-cash settlement charge of approximately $350 million. So, at the halfway point in the fiscal year, we’ve delivered very strong results and feel that we’re well-positioned for remainder of the year. Our results continue to demonstrate the durability of our growth, profitability and cash flows, and our ability to manage our business to deliver value for all of our stakeholders. Now, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. So, looking at the first half of the fiscal year ‘16, our outstanding results demonstrate that we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy and that we are taking a leadership position in every part of our business. Year-to-date, we have delivered 11% revenue growth in local currency, which is well above the market growth rate. We continue to accelerate our rotation to the new, digital, cloud and security related services, which together accounted for nearly 40% of our total revenues in the first half of the year and grew at the strong double-digit rate. At the same time, we continue to see very strong performance across the rest of our business, which remains extremely competitive and is generating very good growth. Let me bring all of these to life with a few examples, beginning with how we are leveraging our innovative capacities to help clients to our digital transformation. Working with Boston Scientific, we have jointly developed a cloud-based digital health solution for hospitals, built on the Accenture Insights Platform, the new installation is designed to leverage our analytics capabilities to significantly improve patient care and reduce treatment cost. Accenture Interactive continues to gain traction in the marketplace and has recently been named the digital agency partner for Celebrity Cruises where we are helping redesign the digital customer experience and for L’Oréal in Brazil, where we are responsible for search engine optimization and digital marketing analytics. In Accenture Mobility, we are using the Accenture connected platform to drive digital transformation for Metro de Madrid, one of the largest transportation systems in the world. We expect to increase operating efficiency, improve the passenger experience, and enable new Internet of Things based services. We continue to operate at the heart of our clients’ businesses with strong demand for our core capabilities. And given our industry expertise and end-to-end capability, we remain the partner of choice for the world’s leading companies. \ In the U.S., Accenture Strategy is helping FirstEnergy improve competitiveness and operational agility with the cash flow improvement program that is expected to deliver more than $450 million in savings over three years. We are working with a leading food company to transform its global operating model; an integrated team from Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting and Accenture Operations each providing process redesign as well as finance and accounting and HR business process services. We continue to invest across our business to further enhance our capabilities and differentiation in the marketplace including making nine acquisitions in the first half of the year. In particular, we have made significant investment to strengthen our industry expertise in several key sectors. In health, we acquired Sagacious Consultants, a leading provider, implementing electronic health record systems in the U.S. In financial services, we acquired Beacon Consulting, based in Boston, to expand our capabilities in asset management, and we acquired Formicary, a leading provider of systems integration and technology consulting for trading platforms in the UK, U.S. and Canada. Also in financial services, we created a specialized practice for blockchain technology, which is expected to drive significant efficiency gains or financial institutions. To accelerate our speed to market, we invested in Digital Asset Holdings, a leading developer of blockchain technologies. And in resources, we acquired Schlumberger Business Consulting, the international management consulting arm of Schlumberger. And in North, we acquired Cimation to expand our consulting digital and cyber security services for industrial asset management. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business, I am very pleased with the strong and balanced growth we are driving across all three of our geographic regions. And I am delighted that we delivered double-digit growth for the quarter in many of our largest markets including six, which together comprise 70% of our total revenues. In North America, we delivered 12% revenue growth, driven by another excellent quarter of strong double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe, we delivered exceptional results, with 14% growth in local currency. We deliver double-digit growth in the UK, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and Germany, as well as high-single-digit growth in France. And in growth markets, we delivered 10% revenue growth in local currency, led once again by strong double-digit growth in Japan, but we also generated double-digit growth in China and in India, as well as solid growth in Brazil, despite a very challenging environment. Before I turn it back to David, I want to share a few thoughts on what it means to run Accenture, as a high performance business. It is imperative that we attract, develop and inspire the very best talent in our industry. And I am proud that for eight years in a row, Accenture has been named one of the fortune best Company to work for in the U.S. I am equally proud that in India, Accenture was ranked the top company in our sector on Business Today’s list of the best companies to work for. In our business, trust is everything. And I couldn’t be more pleased that for the ninth year in a row, Accenture was recognized on Ethisphere list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies. This is strong recognition of our commitment to ethical leadership and corporate social responsibilities. So, as you can see, every day, we’re making Accenture an even better business partner for all of our stakeholders. We have very strong momentum in our business. And we continue to deliver value in the marketplace. And with that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ‘16, we expect revenues to be in the range of $8.1 billion to $8.35 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be a negative 2.5% compared to the third quarter of fiscal ‘15 and reflects an estimated 7% to 10% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘16, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollar will be negative 5% compared to fiscal ‘15. For the full fiscal ‘16, we now expect our revenues to be in the range of 8% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘15. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year ‘16 to be 14.6% to 14.7%, a 10 to 20 basis-point expansion over adjusted fiscal ‘15 results. As I mentioned earlier, we closed our Navitaire transaction in the second quarter, which will lower the full year FY16 tax rate by approximately 1.5% and increase diluted earnings per share by $0.74. Our guidance for fiscal ‘16 excludes the impact of this transaction. We now expect our adjusted annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25%. For adjusted earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal to be in the range of $5.21 to $5.32 or 8% to 10% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘15 results. Now, turning to cash flow, for the full fiscal ‘16, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $500 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $4 billion through dividends and share repurchases, and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding in the range of 1.5% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up to questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those in the call please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Obviously good quarter; I just wanted to dig in on the upside [ph] given the strong book-to-bill, we’ve had revenue $200 million above guidance, and usually a pretty tricky quarter. It doesn’t sound like its large deal oriented either. So, I’m curious, do you have resources to meet this demand, especially given the strength in consulting? I’m asking because I want to gauge your confidence in executing against this momentum within your margin targets. So, I’ll start with that question.
David Rowland: Thanks. So, let’s just kind of start it and work through the points that you made. We did have an even stronger quarter than we had expected, no doubt. As you alluded to, in the mix of the fact that the second quarter can be a more difficult quarter to predict, which you know that well, as you know our business well. And the reasons are that you have the holiday period in there including the New Year period which sometimes can be a little unpredictable in terms of how that impacts our available work days, if you will. And then of course you have the turn to the new fiscal year, which can also create sometimes, temporary changes in buying patterns during that first month or two of the new calendar year. In our case, neither of those things had an impact on us. And to the contrary, the momentum that we’ve had now for many quarters, continued and even built further. And we saw that the upside relative to what we had expected was in our consulting and strategy services combined or our consulting type of work where we had expected double-digit growth but it came in even stronger than we had expected. And Tien-tsin, we’re very pleased that we were able to support that growth with essentially flat headcount versus quarter one, which we view as a very positive thing. And so, as it relates to capacity, we certainly have a supply plan that supports the revenue growth that we’ve projected for the third quarter and the full year. We feel very good about our supply management, and our ability to access talent in the marketplace is as good as it’s ever been.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, great. And just my quick follow-up, just like I asked last quarter, inorganic contribution to revenue and maybe margin, and if you can, David, give it to us across consulting and outsourcing? Thank you.
David Rowland: Right. So, the inorganic contribution continues to be in the range of about 2%. And as I mentioned last quarter, if you look at it by type of work, it is bigger in consulting than it is in outsourcing and consulting last quarter, I said that it was about 4%. And so, we continued in the second quarter where it was more consulting oriented than outsourcing oriented. Your margin question Tien-tsin was, what now?
Tien-tsin Huang: Just same question related to impact to operating margins from the acquisitions, given the cost side of it.
David Rowland: Well, I would tell you that maybe if I just answered it even in a broader way, I mean the acquisitions are an important part of our investments, but they are not the only part of our investments. Our strategy is to expand our underlying margin at a much higher level than the 10 basis points we reported. And then, we use that headroom to then fund what are higher levels of investments in our business, which includes the impact of acquisitions. So, let me just say that our underlying margin expansion was stronger than the 10 basis points, because our investments continue to grow at a rate faster than revenue and that includes acquisitions among other things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Essex from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: I was wondering if you could ask a little bit more about consulting versus outsourcing mix. And I guess what I’m referring to is, if you listen to vendors like Salesforce.com on their call and they talk about system integrators becoming ISVs and then we hear Accenture talk about shifting deals towards more outcome-based pricing. Is there a way to think about the changes in bookings and revenue between outsourcing and consulting, particularly as we see the acceleration in consulting going forward?
David Rowland: Well, I’ll make a couple of comments and Pierre may add as well. What I would say is that, I mean the basic answer to your question is no in the sense that what we viewed as consulting is unchanged and obviously likewise the same is true for outsourcing. What we see in consulting is, probably a couple of things. One thing we see is that -- in fact, I guess, I would say it this way. At the foundation of what’s driving our consulting revenue growth is the depth of our industry expertise and the fact that we really operate, not only at the heart of our clients, but at the heart of our industries in terms of being on top of the most important trends and being able to help our clients respond to those trends. And that draws in a lot of our consulting type services. So, if you look at Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, you look at Accenture Digital, that brings us right into the heart of the clients’ high priority agenda, because it’s all grounded fundamentally in industry expertise. The second thing that is driving our consulting growth is the fact that we are establishing ourselves as among the leaders if not the leader in the rotation to the new. [Ph] And when you look at consulting, it reflects it includes by the way systems integration services, which are included on our consulting type of work and our dimension reporting that reflected in app services. But we have a lot of systems integration work over recent quarters associated with clients that are investing in and deploying new technology. And so, maybe I’d just stop there. But our consulting growth is really driven by the things that we’ve been highlighting which are the priority areas that we’re focused on in our growth strategy.
Brian Essex: Maybe if I could follow-up on the digital growth, it seems as that you’re indicating a nice reacceleration in growth there. Anything we can think about in terms of what’s causing some of the variability in year-over-year growth rates that we’ve seen, particularly after a slight deceleration last quarter and then obviously reaccelerating this quarter? Is it still choppy growth off of lower numbers or is there something else maybe seasonal at play there?
David Rowland: I wouldn’t read anything into, I mean, I guess what I would focus on is that in both quarters, the growth was north of 20% and the north of 25%. I wouldn’t read too much into that. I mean, our digital growth is going to continue to be consistently strong double-digit. And within the context of strong double-digit, you might have some fluctuation, but overall, the growth is outstanding, and we couldn’t be more pleased with not only digital, but also the new, when you look at the growth that we have in cloud related services and security.
Pierre Nanterme: This is absolutely right. And this is the reason why in my part reporting to you around the business update, I covered Q1 and Q2. I mean, all our business is not driven by quarterly activities. We are selling operating overall cycle, which is the case for these digital related services. So, there is no point you should over-read the kind of quarterly results and much more pulling these results in the context of a much longer term. This is what we mentioned that we have for our seven -- six consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. When you look our digital rotation, count has been double-digit growth for several quarters as well. So, what we are pleased with is the consistency and the duration of our growth in digital and overall Accenture, and not so much quarterly situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So, obviously very strong demand metric is expected; so, congratulations on that. My question is the higher level of revenues and EPS is not driving a corresponding rise in cash flow. Why is that?
David Rowland: Well, I mean there -- as we said before, there are a lot of things that impact our cash flow in a particular year. We have had a couple of day uptick in DSO; that impacts the timing of tax cash payments as an example from year-to-year, can impact the cash flow. Ashwin, what I really focus on is that our cash flow and the range that we provided, our free cash flow continues to be at a level that is greater than net income. And if you remember back to what I’ve started saying three years ago, what I’ve really focused on is the durability of our business model and generating cash flow in excess of net income. And this year continues that trend. And that’s the mark of a -- that’s a very distinctive mark for a very successful cash flow generating business. And so, we’re very pleased with the cash flow. And also, remember that the range that we gave is $300 million, and so it’s a fairly broad range. When you think about the fact we’ve change revenue, we didn’t change cash flow; it is a broad range. But it’s in excess to net income and that’s really what we’re focused on driving.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So, the second question really is you had relative to the very strong consulting, a weaker level of outsourcing throughout the last few quarters. You’re not alone in this trend; several other companies are in the same boat. I wanted to ask how much of that weaker outsourcing planned in relative terms; is volume versus pricing versus productivity gains because of higher levels of automation, things like that?
David Rowland: Yes. We don’t -- we’ve not quantified it in those three buckets. I mean it’s a very smart question to ask. We just haven’t quantified it in those three buckets. And I don’t think we’re going to do it on the call, even if I had the numbers in front of me, which I don’t. But I would tell you, may be sorry to say the obvious, but all three of those things are in the mix, no doubt about it. I mean, we are very pleased with progress that we’re making on the automation front in both the app services and BPO as well. There is no doubt that in the application maintenance piece of application services that there is -- that is a highly competitive environment, which does impact the revenue yield per labor hour in that marketplace. But yes, it’s also important to note Ashwin that if you look at pricing as we define it, which is the margin on the work that we’re selling, our margin in that AO businesses is -- I’m talking about pricing, is holding up quite well. So, we’re managing the trajectory and revenue per head; we’re managing our cost to serve in alignment or actually better than alignment with that trend. And then, we’ve also mentioned that in the market that we’re in now, clients are somewhat universally trying to be more efficient in the cost of ownership of their existing application footprint. And why, they want to do that so that they can invest more in the new. And so, we’re seeing the benefit of that investment in our systems integration business, which is part of our consulting type of work growth; it’s also part of the application services growth, which I mentioned was high-single-digit. So, all three of those things are in the mix and we’re navigating them all.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane : Health and banking, and capital markets are sectors that some peers have called out some weakness, doesn’t look like Accenture seeing that same weakness. So, I guess my question is where is or why is Accenture seeing strength in banking and capital markets and health, and what’s the outlook there going forward?
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at our different industries, we have -- just to set the scene; we have now 13 industry groupings. We are reporting against the [indiscernible]. And I’m pleased to report that 9 out of the 13 enjoy double-digit growth. And so, it’s quite true across the board. So, what’s explaining in the Russian world is the same for health and for banking and capital market. The growth of our business, the growth of our countries and the growth of our industries is directly linked to the speed of the rotation to the new. It is as simple as this. And fact of the matter is that we invested in those digital related services quite ahead of the curve, certainly at the right time; we’ve been lucky enough to execute this strategy at the right time. And now, all our industries including banking and capital markets do benefit from this, what I shown to the new, again digital-related services plus cloud-related services plus security-related services. And so when I look at banking and capital markets, a lot of what we do is around the new. And I guess, if some of our competitors have lower growth, for me, this is certainly the signal that their business is still too much associated to the kind of current core activities, let’s call them classic activities, which might be under pressure. And their rotation to the new is certainly slower than what we are experiencing at Accenture.
Bryan Keane: And then just as a follow-up looking at the new guidance for fiscal year ‘16, I saw the raise in constant current revenue growth. But I think the operating margin, which decreased about 10 basis points on the high end, just curious on the reason for the change in operating margin guidance. Thanks, congrats by the way.
David Rowland: So, first of all, our strategic objective is to land the fiscal year within that 10 to 30, and so that is what we’re focused on and we balance multiple objectives in any given year within that target range. So, this year, if you look at where we are on a year-to-date basis and when we reflect, not only on the investments that we’ve made year-to-date in our people and our business, and we reflect on the investments that we want to continue to make in our people and our business during the second half of the year, which are clearly in the best long-term interest of our shareholders and investors. The right balance between what we deliver and reported margin expansion this fiscal year and what we need to do to invest in our business and people is 10 to 20 basis points this year. And so, it’s within that target range that we have and it just reflects the balance that we’re making between delivering margin expansion but at the same time continuing the very successful track record that we’ve had of investing in our business and positioning those investments for future year returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darren Peller from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darren Peller: I just want to start off with the inorganic growth for a moment. I mean obviously a number of deals have been coming on. And I think you said 2% was the contribution, which is similar to what you said at your IA day. So that’s consistent. I wonder if -- how much of these deals are really being dedicated towards this digital initiative that you’ve really been able to expand so well. And I guess bigger question is, going forward how much more do we need to keep doing on that front to enable Accenture to stay ahead of the curve on digital or is inorganic going to become 3% or 4% of your growth rate in the next couple of years, as in order to really maintain differentiation, if you could just help us with that?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. On this question, if you look, and I think we reported that recently that on all, if you take fiscal year of ‘15 acquisitions, 70% of the 38 acquisitions we made was digital related and the one which are not 100% digital related been more around deep industry expertise, and I’ve been highlighting a few. And some we are making from an industry standpoint would cover both topics. But let’s say, it’s a strong 70% growth and the other 30% will be more reinforcing our industry with niche acquisition with extremely deep experts. So far, our planning is to continue with the trajectory we set and we communicated to in the IA day in a way which is very consistent in the range of deploying 20% to 30% of our free cash flow. The 900 to 1 billion this year which is roughly 900 two 1 billionish in terms of cash flow being deployed in our acquisition that would typically in our model account for 2% contribution to our growth. This is still our mindset. Now, if we have the opportunity to flex because there are great opportunities in front us, we will remain flexible.
Darren Peller: Well, I just wanted to figure out if these deals are part of the impact from the free cash conversion we’re seeing. I mean you said still within the range but I guess that’s really what we’re getting some questions on is this as much as that definitely enable to drive you to differentiate yourself and grow well better than most of the industry; there is some people asking about financial allocations on the rest of the model. Maybe Dave, if you could just -- I think Tien-tsin, there is a little bit of a follow-up to that question also.
David Rowland: Well, again if you -- I would focus -- by the way, it’s not an inorganic -- I don’t really want to say issue because it’s not an issue. The inorganic is not driving a notable impact on our cash generation. Again very simply, I would point to two things, number one is, is that although we continue to have exceptional DSOs, they have ticked up. And so, a day or two of DSO has an impact on our cash flow. And the second thing is just the timing of large tax cash payments as an example which can fluctuate. But if you look structurally at our cash flow model and what drives our cash, really fundamentally nothing strange.
Darren Peller: All right, that’s helpful. Just last follow-up on the resources side, I mean it’s been pretty impressive to us that you’ve been able to maintain growth at all in that area just given the macro backdrop across resources. And so, I mean in terms of trajectory, I know 4%, it’s lower than the rest of the business. But again for us, seeing growth at all was pretty impressive. Should we expect to see that vertical continue?
Pierre Nanterme: When you talk about resources, there are really two stories in resources. We covering three industry segments, of course two of the industry segments are impacted with the overall natural resources and commodity pricing downturn. And the other one the energy and what we are calling CNR or natural resources and then you have utilities. I mean utilities, it is one of our fastest growing industries, above 20% growth for it.
Darren Peller: Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: Just to set the scene publicly, because it’s explaining, although I can see your question, you’re positive with two industries, what explaining that is our resources leadership; we don’t get at the same time in two rotations, if you will, to put it very simply, now rotating to higher growth and higher potential industries and today it is from energy to utilities and then rotating this industry to the new. And if you look at the utility, it is at the same time the 20 plus percent growth is significantly fueled by the rotation to the new.
Darren Peller: Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: I’m pleased to mention that because sometime we believe the rotation to the new is more for the business to consumer kind of industries and banking, the insurance come, the retail consumer goods and so forth. But at Accenture, the rotation to the new is big even in the B2B business. And what we’ve been doing in utilities especially providing superior services in terms of IoT, in terms of grid management and bringing the digital at the heart of the utilities operation, each creating super normal [ph] growth for utility balancing the downside. And this is an opportunity to share with you that’s why we like so much our diverse portfolio of business and diverse portfolio of industries, which is for us absolutely critical in our ability to continue delivering sustainable and predictable profitable growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Just a couple of questions real quick on the consulting growth, it clearly continues to be impressive. I’m just wondering, to what extent, if there is any that you feel like you’re benefiting from some of the global M&A, not so much M&A you’ve done, but what companies you’re doing who represent your clients. You mentioned system integration work and investments in new technology. But I’m wondering if there is a lot of integration that’s going on as a result of some of this other global M&A.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And the answer is yes. I guess indeed, we had the opportunity to talk about it. But for the last couple of years, we said that you had two massive growth drivers in the marketplace at the high level, one is the digitalization of the industries, which is huge, massive coverage everywhere. And coming together with what we’re calling the rationalization of the operations, and the rationalization of the portion. This is what’s driving good growth in the rest of the business and non-digital specific business in application outsourcing, in application services, in business process outsourcing and that kind of services. You’re right that these last six months or six, seven months, we’ve seen a third engine kicking in which I will call consolidation, what you’re calling M&A. So, we are digitalization, rationalization and indeed we are adding consolidations. And we are, given a very good position with Accenture Consulting, operating at the heart of our clients’ businesses and quite connected to the C-Suite. We are a partner of choice in some of the major consolidation ongoing, on the planet. So, we have the third engine kicking in.
Dan Perlin: That’s fantastic. And my follow-up, in the past, you’ve I think sized or given us a little bit more details around what, how big now, at this point in the business you have digital and you have cloud and you have security, and think like you said somewhere around 7 billion or something to that effect relative to the legacy ERP, which is the constant question we get. And so, I’m wondering if you’re willing to update us on that. And if you are, are you just at a point now in that kind of cycle where that digital agenda is as so much bigger that it’s worth this legacy tail which you’ve had for the year? Thank you.
David Rowland: Well, I think Pierre might have had in his script that if you look at the new, digital cloud and security, that is approaching 40% of our revenue. So, you can just do math off our revenue to get the dollars. On the ERP, the ERP business continues to be under 20% of our total revenue. Now, we’ll say that we have seen some growth in the ERP space. And so, we have always expected that -- I mean ERP is fundamentally the back -- the technology backbone for all companies, manage their business. We never felt like the ERP business was going to go away. We always have anticipated a cycle where there would be investment in next generation ERP, and we’re part of helping our clients move to next generation ERP. And so, we are seeing some growth in ERP, and we’re very pleased with our ERP business.
Pierre Nanterme: And maybe I think we’re using or I am using this term a lot that it’s all about the rotation of the business, as we speak. And I believe that the main difference between the winners and the losers is coming from the one who are able to rotate to the high growth areas and to rotate at speed. When you look at the ERP, as David just said, all our strategy, I think the down cycle was to start building capabilities to rotate our ERP to new ERPs and at the time we were calling as an illustration building capabilities, strong capabilities with HANA, which is going to be the next generation and as for the next generation of ERP with SAP. I am taking that as an illustration. And guess what, as we speak, given the investments we made ahead of this HANA S/4 wave, today we are already the number one in implementing S/4 and HANA in the world. We see clearly and you see improving with the results of SAP, a pick up on this new ERP development. And if you move beyond the strict definition of ERP to the broader definition of application packages, then it’s even more spectacular in terms of Accenture positioning. We are enjoying good growth in all the application package and especially with the new stat packages. And I am very pleased with the growth that I am showing with Salesforce; I am very pleased with the growth we have with Workday, with Microsoft Dynamics and some other application package services. So, we benefit from having rotating our ERP to the next generation of ERP and plus having taken a leadership position in this new application package. So, all in all this business is growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: First, David, one quick follow-up question on the operating margin outlook for the year, you mentioned you’ve changed your investments, I guess for the rest of the year and as a result, made a different trade off there. Can you just give some examples of what some of those investment areas are that you decided to accelerate for this year?
David Rowland: I wouldn’t characterize it as so much of a change. I mean, remember, 10 basis points off the top is $30 million. And so, it’s really, we are executing very well, Lisa, against the investment plan that we really started the year with. And on the inorganic front, we are certainly well-positioned to spend probably at the upper end of that range, 900 to 1 billion; so, we would be closer to 1 billion. We continue to invest in our assets and offerings and our people, et cetera. And so, I wouldn’t say that there is -- that we have set a new trajectory. It’s just that you look at the aggregation of our results; you look at where we are year-to-date; you look at our planned investment spending for the second half of the year, which is not materially different from where we started, we just think that the more likely landing zone is in that 10 basis points to 20 basis points. But, the point Lisa that I would reinforce is that it would be incorrect to interpret that as what’s a shift in the underlying economics of our business because underneath that we’re driving much more headroom in our P&L. So, our ability to drive profit improvement in our underlying business is alive and well; it’s just that this year the level of investments and the other factors will put us more in that 10 to 20 basis-point range.
Lisa Ellis: And then a follow-up on the macroeconomic side, given the global and sector diversity in your business, can you just give an idea of where, now three months into the year, where you’re seeing overall IT budget settle out? And then also, how much of the digital and the new work is being funded out of IT versus out of other parts of your clients budgets, like outside the IT budgets?
Pierre Nanterme: When I look to the market, to be honest, I do not see much changes, as we speak. And just to be more specific, I think I always said, it was in October that the overall economic environment is sluggish, to say the least, and it is still sluggish. So, we can’t expect much regarding the environment; it’s unstable, risky, extraordinary complex. That was the case last year; it’s still the case this year. When I am looking at the budget from our plans, I am not seeing any significant change. Again, it’s this story around the three drivers now. Digitalization, all industries are investing in digitizing their operations, because all the leaders and all these industries are subject to disruption, and to massive disruption. So that’s what the new factor in turn. It’s not about being better, it’s not about getting more productivity, it’s about not being disrupted and not being disrupted with not disappearing in the marketplace. This is the right, so I’d say this cycle is here for quite a while and they have to invest. Now, where the money is coming from is for rationalization of the operations. I mean calls for engineering, IT efficiency, it’s all of this, and it’s across the board in many organizations. It’s coming from IT, but as well it’s coming from all the business lines, looking at rationalization, which of course is driving good business for our Accenture Strategy or Accenture Consulting practices to do business process for engineering and profit improvements. We had a rise of what we call [indiscernible] and the work we’ve been doing, one is very public with Mondelez, which now is representing probably the benchmark of how you transform the cost of realization. [Ph] And if you look at more efficiency, you have a good consolidation. And you see some ways of consolidation especially in resources, especially in chemical; of course the Dow DuPont is the perfect illustration of the kind of consolidation that’s happening. And I can mention a few as well in the telecom, given the need to get to superior level of productivity. So, we’d say the environment is for a small as the same along these three drivers and in an economic context, which is non-inspiring.
KC McClure: Greg, we have time for one more rather quick question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Edward Caso: My first question is around Navitaire. What kind of contribution did that provide revenue margin and EPS before? And I assume this is in cash flow to the Company over and above that $4 billion number, and I know you’re planning anything special for that?
David Rowland: Yes. So, we have not disclosed previously, and so I don’t think we would do it now in terms of the economics -- the full economics of Navitaire, as we owned it. I think from a revenue standpoint, we did give the size -- or we did not give the size. So Ed, we’ve not commented on that, so I’m not going to do that now. In terms of the proceeds from Navitaire, we just put that in the mix and it’s in the mix of our capital allocation plan. And we look at that in the mix and then execute our capital allocation strategy against our total cash of which Navitaire is now a piece of that. But, we don’t think about carving that out and saying now how are we going to use this piece outside of our normal capital allocation strategy.
Edward Caso: Just to be clear though, the free cash flow guidance does not include the $600 million. And then the follow-on question is your balance cash levels have gone steadily down over the last few years. Is there some minimum level of cash that you’re targeting?
David Rowland: Yes. So, we are very comfortable against what we view our minimum level of cash to be. And so, we are not concerned at all about our cash balance and in any way don’t think that we are touching or have any issues in terms of the minimum cash that we need to run the business. Navitaire is in our free cash guidance, so it is part of the mix. But, we’re very pleased with our cash position. I mean we anticipated that it would -- it’s progressing exactly as we anticipated. And we think by the end of the year, we’ll be -- our cash balance will be pretty close to where we started. So, we’re in a very strong cash position. And of course we have a lot of opportunities for other sources of capital, should we ever decide that we need to do so.
Edward Caso: Okay. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. It’s time to wrap you. And thanks again for joining us on today’s call. Just saying few words in closing and especially when I see the momentum we have created in our business, when I see our rotation to the new and our gains in market share combined with our continued investment to build a more differentiated Accenture Company, I feel very confident in our ability to deliver against our revised business outlook for fiscal year ‘16 and importantly to continue delivering value for our clients, for our people and for our shareholders. So, we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern time today through June 23rd. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 387705. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1 (800) 475-6701 or (320) 365-3844 with the access code 387705. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-12-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director and Head, IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO  David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Dave Koning - Baird Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies David Togut - Evercore Rod Bourgeois - DeepDive Equity Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs James Friedman - Susquehanna Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Greg. And thanks to everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I’m KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2016. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We had a strong first quarter, and I’m very pleased with our results and the continuing momentum in our business. Our revenue growth was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business, including double-digit local currency growth in three of our five operating groups, and in North America and Europe, our two largest geographic regions. I’m particularly pleased with our results in digital-related services, where we delivered very strong revenue growth of more than 20%. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We delivered $7.7 billion in new bookings, which were in line with our expectations. We grew revenues 10% in local currency, gaining significant market share. We expanded operating margin 20 basis points to 15.2%. We delivered earnings per share of $1.28 which includes a negative impact of $0.07 from a higher tax rate in the quarter. We generated solid free cash flow of $517 million. And we returned approximately $1.4 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividend. So, we hope to have a good start in fiscal year ‘16. And given our strong performance, we have raised our outlook for revenue growth for the full year. Now, let me handover to David. David, over to you. 
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you. And thank you for taking the time to join us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results from the first quarter, especially as it relates to our strong and broad-based top line growth. Our differentiated growth strategy which focuses on five businesses delivered in an industry-relevant context continues to resonate with the market and yield strong value for our clients and our shareholders. Before I get into the details, let me comment on a few of the highlights this quarter. Strong local currency growth of 10% represents the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, as we continue to outpace the market and take share. The durability of our growth model is evident in our results with double-digit growth in three of the five operating groups in both Europe and North America. Digital-related services, continues to be the dominant growth theme as we continue to be a market leader in the rotation to the new. Operating margin of 15.2% reflects 20 basis points of expansion, consistent with our objective to expand margins while investing significantly in our business and our people. Free cash flow came in as expected at just over $500 million and at the same time we returned roughly $1.4 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. And we continue to invest at scale in our business, closing four acquisitions in the quarter with invested capital of over 600 million, which represents a great start towards our fiscal ‘16 objective to invest as much as $900 million to a $1 billion to add scale and capabilities in key growth areas. With that said, let’s now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $7.7 billion for the quarter, consulting booking for $4.4 billion, reflecting a book-to-bill of 1.0; outsourcing bookings were $3.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 0.9. This level of new bookings follows our typical pattern of lower new bookings in our first quarter which then built throughout the year. It’s important to note that this level of new bookings represents 9% growth in local currency over last year’s quarter one, with a significant portion expected to convert to revenue in fiscal ‘16. The highlight of the quarter was strong consulting bookings, which reflect 24% growth in local currency over last year, fueled by demand for digital related services across Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, and Application Services. Looking forward, we are very pleased with the expansion in our pipeline and expect strong bookings in the second quarter. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $8 billion or 1.5% increase in USD, 10% local currency, reflecting a negative 8.5% FX impact, consistent with the assumption we provided in September. Quarter one revenues were roughly $60 million above the upper end of our guided range, primarily driven by stronger than expected consulting revenues. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.3 billion, up 6% in USD and 15% local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.7 billion, down 4% USD and an increase of 5% in local currency. Looking broadly at drivers of revenue growth for the quarter, digital-related services grew over 20% in local currency and fueled strong double-digit growth in strategy and consulting services combined. Operations in application services came in as expected with high single-digit growth and mid single-digit growth respectively. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, Communications, Media & Technology grew 12%, the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Growth was broad based and led by double-digit growth in North America and the growth markets as well as communications, and media and entertainment globally. Financial Services strong momentum continued with 12% growth, driven by very strong growth in banking and capital markets and in both Europe and the growth markets. Products also delivered broad based growth of 12%, led by our industrial and life sciences industries with continued very strong overall growth in Europe and growth markets. H&PS grew 8% in the quarter. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our health industry which again delivered double-digit growth. And additionally, H&PS grew double digits overall in North America including in both health and the public sector. And finally Resources delivered the fourth consecutive quarter of 6% growth, led by strong double-digit growth in utilities as well as strong overall growth in North America and Europe. Revenue performance in the energy industry and in the growth markets was challenged this quarter due to industry and country specific cyclical headwinds. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32% compared to 32.2% in the same period last year. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.9% compared with 11.5% for the first quarter last year, down 60 basis points. General and administrative expense was 5.8% compared with 5.6% for the first quarter last year, up 20 basis points. Operating income was $1.2 billion in the first quarter, reflecting 15.2% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.3% compared with an effective tax rate of 25.1% for the first quarter last year. The higher effective tax rate was primarily due to lower benefits related to final determinations and other adjustments to prior year taxes compared to the first quarter of last year. As you know, our quarterly tax rate can vary. And our view of our full year tax rate has not changed, as you will hear when I provide our business outlook in a few minutes. Net income was $869 million for the first quarter compared with net income of $892 million for the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.28 compared with EPS of $1.29 in the first quarter last year. As I just referenced, there was $0.07 impact to EPS this quarter from the higher tax rate compared to the first quarter last year. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding continue to be industry leading. There were 41 days compared to 37 days last quarter and in the first quarter of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $517 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $611 million, net of property and equipment additions of $95 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at November 30th was $3.1 billion compared with $4.4 billion at August 31st. The current levels reflect, both the cash returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends, and our investments in acquisitions. Turning to some other key operational metrics: We ended the quarter with a global headcount of 373,000 people with 270,000 people in our global delivery network. Utilization was 90% compared with last quarter, consistent with last quarter. Attrition was 13%, down 1% from quarter four and consistent with the same period last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 6.5 million shares for $658 million at an average price of a $100.53 per share. At November 30th, we had approximately $7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semiannual cash dividend of $1.10 per share for a total of $721 million. This represented an $0.08 per share or 8% increase over the dividend we paid in May. So in summary, we are off to a very good start in fiscal ‘16; our top-line results and our increased revenue outlook for the year, which I will cover shortly, reflect continued strong momentum in our business. Now, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong results in the first quarter demonstrate that we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy. At our Investor and Analyst Conference in October, we provided an update on the actions we have taken and investments we have made to position Accenture to lead in the new, which we define as digital, cloud and security related services, all enabled by new and innovative technology. In the first quarter, we continued to rapidly overtake our business to the new with digital, cloud and security revenues combined, already approaching 40% of our total revenue. So, the investments we are making in these areas are clearly differentiating Accenture in the marketplace and driving significant growth. Let me bring this to life with a few examples. Digital is all about enabling our clients to unleash the power of digital technologies to create new sources of value. We continue to see very strong demand in this area and are leveraging our digital capabilities with clients in nearly every industry around the world. We are working on a five-year digital transformation with a European aerospace company, bringing our capabilities in mobility, analytics and the Internet of Things to drive productivity improvements. We are helping a global pharma company, improve its supply chain by leveraging our advanced analytics capability including the Accenture Insights platform, giving patients and doctors access to the diagnostics and medicine they need faster than ever. Cloud is increasingly becoming a starting point for clients who want to create new services faster and get access to computing capabilities in a more cost effective way. We are working with a leading U.S. energy company to deliver a new operating model, underpinned by the Accenture cloud platform and our hybrid cloud solution. With this new as a service model, the client can leverage our cloud-based data analytics while benefiting from a flexible consumption based pricing structure. At Accenture, we have a cloud first agenda to help clients move their businesses to the cloud quickly and easily and we continue to invest to build our capabilities. In September, we announced acquisition of Cloud Sherpas and in October we announced a new partnership with Amazon Web Services. The newly formed Amazon AWS Business Group will offer integrated consulting and technology solutions to help clients take advantage of the flexibility of another service model. Turning to security, in the digital and connected world, security is increasingly important to our clients. We are now leveraging FusionX, a cyber security business we acquired in Q4, in a work with a global high-tech company. We identified gaps in the clients’ differences by simulating a sophisticated cyber attack and we are now working with them to improve their security strategy. And of course we continue to work with clients on large scale mission critical transformation programs. We bring out full range of services in strategy, consulting, digital technology and operations together with our industry expertise to deliver tangible outcomes for clients. As an example, we are working with a global apparel manufacturer on an enterprise-wide transformation to reduce back office cost by 50% and position the company for growth. As a first step, we are enhancing the efficiency and quality of the client’s finance and accounting processes across 26 countries while significantly reducing cost. Turning now to the performance of our three geographic regions: In North America I’m very pleased that we again delivered double-digit growth. The 11% increase in revenues was driven by strong double-digit growth in the United States. In Europe, we had another great quarter, with 12% revenue growth in local currency driven by double-digit growth in many of our major markets, such as the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy and Switzerland as well a high single-digit growth in Germany. And in growth markets, we delivered 6% growth in local currency, led by Japan, the largest company in our growth markets. Japan has delivered eight quarters in a row of double-digit growth. At the same time, we’re carefully monitoring the situation in Australia and Brazil which have been affected by commodity price volatility in the energy and natural resources sectors. Before I turn it back to David, let me comment on talent and leadership at Accenture. I am extremely pleased that we just promoted the record 723 people to managing director and senior managing director. And I’m particularly pleased that 28% of our new promotes are women. These promotions reflect our commitment to career growth for our people and to developing the talented leaders we need to serve our clients and run Accenture as a world-class business. So, with the first quarter behind us, I’m pleased with the continued momentum in our business. We’re executing our strategy very well and our rotation to the new combined with our unique ability to deliver end-to-end solutions to clients continues to drive strong demand. With that I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal ‘16, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.5 billion to $7.75 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be a negative 6% compared to the second quarter of fiscal ‘15 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘16, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 5% compared to fiscal ‘15. For the full fiscal ‘16, we now expect our net revenue to be in the range of 6% to 9% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘15. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal year ‘16 to be 14.6% to 14.8%, a 10 to 30 basis points expansion over adjusted fiscal ‘15 results. We continue to expect our effective tax rate -- our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 26%. For earnings per share, we continue to expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘16 to be in the range of $5.09 to $5.24 or 6% to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal ‘15 results. Turning to cash flow, for the full fiscal ‘16, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $500 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. We continue to expect to return at least $4 billion through dividends and share repurchases. And now expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding in the range of 1.5% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you please provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Consulting was a little bit stronger, obviously than I thought, but outsourcing was a little softer, came in -- I think it was 5% constant currency that was down from 9% in the fourth quarter. Just trying to figure out any one-timers or anything going on there in outsourcing and what the outlook is going forward in outsourcing?
David Rowland: Yes, there is nothing -- there is certainly nothing unusual in terms of one-time events. I mean when you pull outsourcing back the -- as a type of work and then related to our business -- our five businesses, a large part of operations, the significant portion of operations is part of the outsourcing type of work and then the application maintenance piece of application services is part of the outsourcing type of work as well. Within operations, the core driver is BPO. And I’ll say, we continue to feel very good about our BPO business. The growth rates have been such that we have continued to take significant share. And if you look at our operations business overall, our expectation for growth remains the same, no different from what I communicated at IA Day where we think our operations business will grow very well in the upper single to low double-digit range, and of course BPO is a key anchor to that. If you look at the other component of outsourcing which be application maintenance within application services, let me say that for application services, we now see mid single-digit growth. As we’ve talked about, there is kind of two components in application services there is the maintenance of the existing kind of legacy applications for our clients, which is an important function. And then on the other end of the spectrum, there is the investment in new technology and the deployment of new technology. So, when you look at our services, we see extremely strong growth in the project-based work in application services that work related to deploying and building new technology; that is reflected in our consulting type of work which is why you see consulting type of work growth so strong. What we see is clients are looking to reduce their cost of ownership of their existing applications. So therefore, there is relatively less investment in the maintenance piece in lieu of higher investments in the development piece.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then, when we look at the full year now, the 6% to 9% constant currency guidance, if you spilt that between consulting and outsourcing, what kind of growth ratio we see in both those segments?
David Rowland: Yes. So for consulting for the full year -- I am talking about consulting type of work to be clear, we see low double-digit growth. For outsourcing, we see mid single-digit growth. And then underneath that you’ve got the components of operations and the maintenance piece of services as I described.
Pierre Nanterme: And we are very pleased with that mix.
David Rowland: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Similar question to Bryan’s, I guess just on the outsourcing side with the book-to-bill below one. I heard the answer, but is there simply just a mixed shift going on towards consulting from both your side as well as from the clients? And I am curious, if also you’ve been able to have some tougher comps as you’ve had from large 100 plus million dollar deals earlier in the year; how was the pipeline on bookings as well as; did you give the 100 million plus number of contracts this quarter? Thanks.
David Rowland: I’ll just mention quickly that we had six clients with bookings over a $100 million. Let me just mention a couple of data points and then let Pierre add some commentary as well. We feel very good about our pipeline. And if you think about our pipeline and the type of work view, if you will, we feel good about our pipeline pretty much across the board. And we’ve seen good expansion in our pipeline. We see a lot of market activity, at least from our perspective, and good dialogue with our clients across those consulting and outsourcing. So, we feel good about our pipeline. Again, we expect that we will see an uptick in bookings in the second quarter and are very encouraged by what we see.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add on this and as well answer to Bryan. I feel extremely comfortable with where we are, with outsourcing and consulting business. The uptick on outsourcing is lower because consulting is doing extremely well and that is why we have the results we are. And it’s all our ability indeed to take advantage of any move or shift of the budget of our clients from indeed outsourcing type of work to consulting investments. And this is exactly the opportunity we are taking to grow. And if you look at our rotation to digital and to the new, the part of the consulting business in this rotation is more important than the outsourcing part of it. So, it’s explaining that consulting is back with a strong growth and we are pleased with the growth we have in outsourcing. So from my standpoint, I have zero concern.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Make sense, consulting was very strong. Just quick follow-up and just the Navitaire timing, and I know always ask about Navitaire, forgive me. But just when should we expect that to come out of the P&L?
David Rowland: Yes, so Tien-Tsin, we can’t -- I wouldn’t run the risk of predicting the timing. What I can say again is that the deal has already been approved in the U.S. and in Brazil. We have been in the process of cooperating with the European Commission, as they go through their review process. And it will conclude when it concludes. Timing is hard to predict.
Tien-Tsin Huang: So, probably nothing explicit in the guidance?
David Rowland: Yes, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Hey guys, nice job. And I guess first of all, just acquisitions have ramped and you’ve talked about how that might contribute I think 1.5% to 2% to res. Is that largely in consulting? Since half of res is consulting, is that maybe benefiting right now by 4% from the acquisitions, while outsourcing isn’t benefiting from acquisitions?
Pierre Nanterme: Answer is yes. Indeed our acquisitions are creating more impact in our revenue growth in consulting compared to outsourcing. So, it is another driver explaining the difference between both businesses.
Dave Koning: And is that maybe -- is maybe 90% of acquisitions, or maybe what’s the mix between how much of those acquisitions are benefiting consulting relative to outsourcing?
David Rowland: I would say if you look currently and in recent quarters, it’s a very high percentage. And of course, it reflects the market opportunity in a way our business is evolving. If you went back let’s say a year, year and a half ago, two years ago, they would have been more outsourcing oriented but it’s a very high percentage. And you are correct to identify that the overall inorganic contribution is in the 2% range and you are correct to identify that the majority of that is reflected in our consulting type of work growth.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, to be clear, the vast majority of our acquisitions contributing to consulting business.
David Rowland: And your 4% is in the right zone, to be clear.
Dave Koning: And just as a follow-up then, revenue per billable employee, that’s been declining a little bit; it’s now probably in the mid single-digit declines on a constant currency basis; so, it’s gotten a little -- I guess you did say worse. But is that really just you significantly ramping hiring kind of in anticipation of what has been and probably continues to be really good growth; is that the right way to think of it or maybe you could just kind of outline what’s happening there?
David Rowland: Yes. Certainly, if you look at the last two quarters, that influence of that metric which I look at obviously as well. So, if you look at it, and let’s say in the recent two quarters, you have the impact that we have very intentionally built bench in key still areas, key growth areas. And you have seen that our utilization, let’s say in quarter one of this year compared to quarter one of last year, was down about a 1% and that reflects that building a bench. And so that does go into that calculation when you look at it all in, as you do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks good morning guys. I am just curious …
Pierre Nanterme: Hi, Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, how are you? 
Pierre Nanterme: Fine.
Jason Kupferberg: So, on the guidance raise for the year, the 1% increase, how much of that is from some of the incremental acquisitions, because I know you did spend a bit there in Q1 versus how much is just kind of pure organic?
David Rowland: Yes, it’s really no change in the incremental acquisitions. We still see about 2% for the year. And you may remember at -- I guess it wasn’t the earnings call but I think it was IA Day, I said it explicitly that the bills that had signed that we anticipated closing in the first quarter which have ultimately closed, we had reflected that in our initial guidance. So, this is -- I mean you could interpret this as an increase in our organic revenue outlook.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, good to hear. And just for a follow-up, I had a question on cash flow. I know it can obviously be lumpy on a quarterly basis, and you did reiterate the full year outlook here, but Q1 at least relative to our model was somewhat light. Maybe you can just remind us as far as timing of bonus payments, which quarter that will fall and was there anything in the cash flow performance this quarter that makes you feel any less confident reiterating the full year target? I mean I looked at on bills, it seemed like those grew a little faster than revenue in the quarter. Was that just timing or anything or any other factors that might cause that dynamic to continue?
David Rowland: Yes. So, one of the factors was the increase in DSO in the first quarter. We had signaled, I think both at IA Day and probably the fourth quarter earnings call that our cash flow guidance allowed for the possibility of on an uptick in DSOs that’s what we have seen. On one hand, we are very happy with 41 days; on the other hand, we always are working to do better. We have a very cash is king kind of culture. And so, we did have an uptick. That reflects in the first quarter results. And then the second factor that influences -- there are actually three or four factors but the second one what I call -- that I would call out would be the timing of tax cash payments. Those can ebb and flow across the quarters of a year. And that was a factor in the first quarter this year compared to the first quarter of last year, doesn’t change our expectation for the full year. It just means that we had a higher percentage of tax cash payments in the first quarter this year relative to the first quarter last year. Those are really the two drivers of tax cash payments and DSO.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Togut: The digital-related services growth was very strong at 20% plus but down from the 35% you generated in FY15, which was an extraordinary result. Can you give us a little more color on why the magnitude of the slowdown in growth? And in the new guidance you provided today, what is your embedded assumption about digital-related services revenue growth?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So, I’m going to get the first part of the answer. And I’m delighted with the growth of our digital-related services over 20%; this is exactly the zone where we expect our digital-related services to grow. As you said, fiscal 015 posted some extraordinary growth and beyond our expectations, if you will. And so, we are now planning our investments and the growth of digital-related services to be in that category of growth. And we are very pleased with that. It doesn’t signal any form of slowdown. I mean we’re growing on back of big numbers. If you remember, last year, our digital-related services that do represent $7 billion, what we call in digital and this is where we measure our digital rotation. So, growing double-digit on back of that base is what I would qualify tour de force.
David Rowland: And David, just to add, this is entirely consistent with what we expected and signaled. We see the outlook for digital for the year and continued strong double-digit growth. I think we mentioned again at IA Day that while we were incredibly pleased with the growth in ‘15, it was much higher than we would have expected and it’s higher than it would be prudent to assume, as we plan our year. Having said that, one of the things about our model is the flexibility and our know-how to ramp up resources as we need to if the growth opportunity presents itself strong, even stronger than we expected. So, we’ll see how it plays out. But, if we have digital growth above 20, we’re doing a heck of a job executing our strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Especially as the vast majority of this growth is organic.
David Rowland: Yes.
David Togut: A quick follow-up, are you able to get differential pricing for digital related services from your clients?
David Rowland: We do see some differentiated -- well, first of all it’s hard to talk about. In that context, it’s hard to talk about digital overall because as you know, we have digital work that we do in Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Technology, meaning app services and operations. I would say, as a general statement, we have favorable economics in digital. And I can assure you, we are always pushing whether it’s digital or any other part of our believe where there is a high value service offering in the marketplace and where we have highly differentiated skills and capabilities that plays in our favor from a pricing standpoint and we try to get the yield from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from DeepDive Equity. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois: I just wanted to talk a little bit about where your partners are spending their time, because I wonder if some of the variations in growth rates across your business are really a function of where they’re devoting their attention. Right now, you’ve got your growth markets, which currently looks a little bit like misnomer, right? Your growth markets are going at half the rate of the U.S. and Europe and consulting even on an organic basis is growing a lot faster than outsourcing. Is that partly a function of where your partners are spending their time in the pipeline and it’s really -- it wouldn’t be feasible for us to expect you to grow outsourcing and consulting at this sort of double-digit pace, because your partners can only spend their time on certain things in one given quarter?
David Rowland: I think I understand your question. Let me just start with the growth markets, as you characterized it as a misnomer. I think it is important to kind of peel that back, and you’ll understand that growth markets is appropriate when I say this is that we’ve talked about the cyclical challenges in energy and natural resources which is reflected in our resources operating group results. I can tell you that if you look at growth markets, absent the resources operating group, which are attributed to the cyclical challenges that we know and understand in energy and natural resources, the rest of the Accenture business is growing double digits in the growth markets. And so, it’s important to peel that one layer back, so that you can be exposed to the fact that we actually have a very vibrant business in the growth markets. On the other -- I think the essence of your question is that we have a fixed capacity of partners in the channel. And if they direct their focus to our Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting and the development part of application services is a simply a function of if our capacity is focused on one part of our spectrum of our five businesses, does that mean by design that outsourcing goes down. And I would say not necessarily at all. I do think that there’s a lot of activity in the consulting type of work, which is strategy consulting and the development part of app services. There is a lot of market activity and a lot of demand, and I think that’s what the growth reflects. It’s not so much about partners spending time on activity A versus activity B?
Pierre Nanterme: Absolutely, I mean we have clear and differentiated strategies for our three regions. We have clear leaders in the regions, Julie Sweet in North America; Gianfranco Casati in Growth Markets and Jo Deblaere in Europe. They are executing their strategies. So, there is not [indiscernible] or some biased views on this. Indeed in the growth market, the explanation of the growth slowing down compared to prior quarters is all coming from this cyclical impact of energy and natural resources, otherwise we are very pleased. I mentioned Japan, part of our growth market, again putting a double-digit growth for I think eight quarters now in a row, which is frankly a fabulous result. And we are taking opportunities in each and every market as per our strategy in outsourcing and in consulting. I think we did comment the difference between outsourcing and consulting momentum because of the digital related services nature of the business, which is more around consulting than outsourcing, which is just the demonstration that budget from our clients up a bit moving from this outsourcing type of business to the consulting type of business. And as you see, in Europe, with 12% growth, we are defiantly putting our act together to create our own growth almost against the economic condition of the markets.
David Rowland: Yes. And I want to say again, so it doesn’t get lost. Operations and BPO within operations, we are very pleased with that growth, very good growth and growing above the market taking share. That is a very vibrant business for us.
Rod Bourgeois: And then the follow-up is especially given that your demand today is very weighted towards consulting, do you expect any budget uncertainties as we move into early calendar ‘15? And has your guidance accounted for the potential that the year gets off to a slow start as we’ve seen sometimes in other years, particularly when demand is coming from consulting, the early calendar year budget can be somewhat of an uncertainty. And I just wondered, to what extent that’s accounted for in the guidance?
David Rowland: Well, we have -- of course our range, Rod, is three points to cover scenarios like that on the down side. So, we’ve accounted for it to the extent we have three-point range. We don’t have any evidence of any notable change in client budgets to the worst, which is your question. We don’t have any evidence of that through our channels. And again, our pipeline looks very good, which is indicative of the level of client discussions that are underway currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Relatively to the financials vertical, I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little about what you are seeing there, which seems to be stronger than almost all of your peers, which -- some of which seem to be talking about a little bit of downtick in the business. Can you maybe talk about the specific elements or the subareas where you are seeing strength there and particularly, as we head into ‘16 with rate hikes, whether you think your clients are messaging a little bit even more optimistic spending expectations next year than this year?
David Rowland: Your question was about financial services, the financial services operating group, correct?
Jim Schneider: That’s right. Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. So commenting on FS, I mean we continue to be pleased with the results. I mean we see again double-digit growth in financial services. This is an industry, if you look altogether, which is one of the largest. I think we mentioned at the IA Day that if you put together capital markets and banking would be one of the largest, the largest industry at Accenture. And of course this is an industry historically and currently investing in technology and in transformation. So, we continue to be very pleased with the opportunities offered by financial services. They have to transform. And of course digital-related services are extremely relevant in financial services, almost by definition, it’s a B2C and it’s enabling a lot digital native [ph] technologies to maximize, I mean the connectivity with the clients as well as digitalizing the portions. This is an industry where historically we made the right investments. I am talking about the investment we made in insurance where we are extremely well-positioned with our software solutions. I am talking about the investments we made in credit services where we are now building a leading independent mortgage processor in the U.S. and very pleased with the momentum we getting in Brazil where we are expanding our services and credit services to again take [indiscernible] position. We just announced this quarter a very niche but very good acquisition in Boston on asset management called Beacon. I’m very pleased with that adding super deep expertise. So overall, we are very pleased with what we’re doing in FS, which is quite broad-based across the different regions as well, if you look at North America, if you look at especially Europe where we are doing very well, excellent results in growth markets. So, this is the industry where I am coming from and this is one I love the most.
Jim Schneider: That’s helpful, thanks. And then as a follow-up, to the earlier question on headcount, billable headcount increased, I think the fastest growth rate we’ve seen in quite a few years. Can you maybe first talk about how much of that is driven by the M&A that closed? And then specifically within this, any specific areas outside of digital where you are seeing a lot of uptick in the headcount growth and I guess more broadly speaking, I assume that says something pretty positive about the outlook you see for the business for the next few quarters?
David Rowland: I mean in the context of the overall Accenture organization, the acquired headcount is just not that -- it’s an important skills that we are acquiring but in the context of the overall headcount, to your question, it’s just not that material. And we see growth in headcount really across our business including by the way in our GDN. You will see in the statistics that a high percentage of the headcount is in our global delivery network. And again I think the theme that underpins it, whether you are talking about strategy consulting, application services or operations, the common theme is this digital rotation and the services and the type of work we are doing in that regard, really is a driver of the skills we are acquiring as a general theme.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: David, in your prepared remarks, you had called out the timing of bookings to rev rec. I was wondering are there any other operating groups of business dimensions where the revenue recognition is faster than others.
David Rowland: I would say, as a general rule, if you look at Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting and the project-based work in Application Services, which is deployment of new tech and let’s just say packaged software even more broadly. The turn to revenue is -- in all of those cases is faster than let’s say the rest of our business that I didn’t call out, and that’s just -- those are just structural differences. And so, when you see such strong growth rates in our consulting type of work business that just reflects bookings that convert to revenue faster than let’s say certainly the typical operations contract would or an application maintenance contract would.
James Friedman: And then, I had a housekeeping question in response to one of your prior answers. I want to make sure I heard this right. When you were mapping the two sides application services between application maintenance, and I think you would describe it as application modernization, did I hear that right that part of it goes towards outsourcing and part of it goes towards consulting in terms of the disclosures?
David Rowland: That is correct. So, application services has what we have traditionally called application outsourcing, which is -- or application maintenance work, that maps to our outsourcing type of work. The rest of application services, which is really about fundamentally development work, application development work whether it be new tech or could be development around existing legacy applications, packaged software deployment et cetera, that is what we would have historically referred to as systems integration. And that maps to the consulting type of work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on just as digital is becoming a bigger part of your business, what the margin profile is for the digital work that you are doing? And is it fair to categorize its bookings realization as a faster rate than the rest of the business?
David Rowland: Yes, we are not going to comment specific -- I mean not in specific terms on margin for each dimension. I think we have said before that the nature of digital, just as a general statement, tends to be high demand. We have unique and differentiated skills and capabilities and arguably, positioning in the marketplace. And all of those things lend itself to better economics. It’s our job to deliver on that, but it certainly creates the right environment for better economics. Your last question was -- the other part of the question was digital economics…
Joseph Foresi: It was on the bookings; is it a faster realization rate…
David Rowland: There is to the extent that a high percentage of our digital bookings are consulting and consulting has a higher velocity.
Joseph Foresi: And then just as a follow-up, we have heard some commentary in the market of maybe some pricing issues within outsourcing. Has that increased or changed at all as the pricing -- I know it’s always difficult and some of the maintenance stuff, but I am just wondering if you have seen any changes in the market?
David Rowland: Specifically I think you are referring to the application maintenance, application outsourcing piece of application services. What I would say is that there is no doubt that that is -- continues to be a highly competitive market. When we comment on pricing, we comment on pricing in terms of the profit percentage on work that we sell. And in that part of our business, we see stable pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: I was hoping to get a little bit more color around your shift to the new operating units. It’s been I guess 15 months or 18 months now that you’ve started this transition to strategy, consulting, operations and technology with digital, as an overlay. How deeply is that plumped in the organization, I guess either now or you’re planning to, meaning are these truly distinct business units at this point as labor fundable [ph] across them or do the staff sort of reside within a business unit and do they have different investment profiles, pricing models, can you just give a little bit more color around that?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. Happy to comment on this, because I truly believe that we are proposing to the marketplace organizing Accenture in a very unique and differentiated way, and I tend to believe that none of our competitors yet could match the capabilities and the organization we’re putting in place. First indeed, we have created five Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations, all at scale, always highly differentiated skills, a very different positioning compared to the competitive environment, different economics. And to your question, indeed they are run as a business with the objective of being top-class in their own categories. But of course where we differentiate in the marketplace is our unique ability to combine our services to deliver what we are calling the end-to-end services, because we truly believe that more and more clients are buying an outcome more than an effort. And if you want to deliver an outcome, you need to contribute and participate to the design and planning, typically done by Accenture Strategy and Accenture Consulting, the high value services and consulting which you will, then you move in to building solution with absolutely leading and cutting edge solutions, exactly the job of Accenture Digital for digital may continue solutions and Accenture Technology for the leading platform solution or application packages. And when you have been building solution, you’re moving to Accenture Operations, the part of Accenture where we could operate on behalf of the clients, either their business process; their cloud operation or their security operation. This depth and breadth and kind of operating model is absolutely unique in the marketplace and is a great source of differentiation for Accenture. And on top of that indeed, Lisa, we’re putting our rotation to the new. Each of the five have a clear mandate to rotate their business to new type of services where Accenture Strategy is going to be being cutting edge in developing digital technologies and creating new business model for clients. Accenture Technology will now unbed [ph] very innovative ways of doing development, what we’re calling liquid, intelligent and connected. Accenture Operations will be extraordinarily analytics rich in the way we are developing operations. And in security with the acquisition of FusionX, we are absolutely top of the game in term of simulating cyber attacks. So, all these architecture we’re putting in place, and I said that with a lot of passion and energy during that call, is indeed unique in the marketplace, Lisa.
David Rowland: Lisa, let me just add to what Pierre said, and address another part of your question. A key component of what Pierre just said is that our talent strategy is aligned with our five businesses. And so, we have talent that is managed, nurtured, developed specific to Accenture Strategy. Those people tend to work, essentially exclusively on Accenture Strategy work. We have people that are identified as Accenture Consulting, developed, nurtured, et cetera. Those people tend to work for the most past, exclusively on consulting work. By the way that includes our client account leads, people who are predominantly deployed to our operating groups that really not only delivers a consulting services but are also the integrator of Accenture capabilities to serve the clients need. We have operations where again we have talent model for operations. Mike Salvino and Debbie Polishook manage that workforce for the most part work, exclusively in operations. And then you have Accenture Technology. And Accenture Technology is a little bit different. In that, they have a unique talent model, but yet some of those technology people support the development type work, the new tech, some of those people may actually even be part of consulting project delivery. We also have some of those people that at points in time maybe part of our operations project delivery. So, they work a little bit more across the organization. But beyond technology, we also have the innovation labs and things like that. But excluding technology, the other businesses are very specific and fit for purpose in terms of the talent model and the types of projects those people work on for our clients.
Lisa Ellis: As a follow-up, as you are in discussions with your major clients about their budgets for 2016, can you characterize the magnitude of the shift in their budgets from the old to the new, like 5%, 20%, 1%?
Pierre Nanterme: I can’t characterize. I can characterize only the trend is clear that you see a shift from investment in the legacy, if you will, to investment of the new. I tend to believe that the shift is increasing and as reflected, growth in digital related services. Now I don’t have any market data that would characterize the percentage of the shift. There it’s getting bigger and indeed we could take advantage of this shift in term of budget, as reflected with our 20% plus growth in digital related services.
Lisa Ellis: But where you are sitting right now, it feels stronger now than it did at this time last year.
Pierre Nanterme: On balance, yes.
KC McClure: Greg, we have time for one more question and Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. That question comes from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman: Hi, many thanks. David, I wanted to go to one area that you mentioned is the growth of your global GDN. Over the last seven quarters, it’s been pretty steady in terms of increasing as a percent of total headcount by almost 1 point a quarter and it’s now just hovering below 73%. Is there a point at which you need to have local presence, it’s an impediment to the total number? In other words, how high can the global GDN go as a percent of your total headcount? Because I would think that’s been a significant contributor to the strong margin performance you’ve had over the last couple of years?
David Rowland: Yes. So, first of all, we still have room to expand our GDN headcount in our model. And certainly, we don’t see that we’ve reached the destination and we wouldn’t go any further. Having said that, one of the things that highly differentiates Accenture is our deep industry expertise and our client account teams that are at the client site each and every day, working shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients. And so the thing about our model is that we have a very strong presence in each of the geographic markets around the world where we operate. That’s a vital part of what is distinctive about Accenture. And then we extend that and complement that with arguably the best technology global delivery network in the world. To your question, we have the opportunity to take that further, and we will see how the market evolves and then we will respond accordingly.
Keith Bachman: Then maybe I will just quickly submit my follow-up, if I could. The free cash flow guidance for the year, not the quarter but the year, is a little slower than certainly the growth of net income or the EPS context. And I was just wondering, if you could call out some of the puts and takes there. I assume that the days cycle I think is a headwind; in addition it looks like CapEx is a little bit. But could you also address how currency might be impacting the growth of cash flow for the year? And that’s it from me. Thanks very much everybody.
David Rowland: I will just say -- I can’t really do justice to the question, so I will just share a couple of quick points. First of all, the free cash flow guidance is still above 1.0 in terms of free cash flow to net income, so very healthy level of free cash flow. A couple of things that influence that, one is the DSOs; the other is timing of tax cash payments that not only impacts a particular quarter but can be different fiscal year to fiscal year; and the third is CapEx, just to name those three because you call them out. And we do anticipate a higher level of capital spending this year as compared to last year. So that’s in the mix as well.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay, certainly time now to wrap up. And I want to thank you again for joining us today. With our first quarter behind us, clearly we have created strong momentum in our business, especially with investments we’ve made in digital, cloud and security services which we are now calling at Accenture, the new. And that makes me really confident in our ability to continue to successfully grow business and gain market share. I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors and analysts and our Accenture people who are hopefully listening to the call, a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best to all of you and the best for the New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through March 24th. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 374571. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1 (800) 475-6701 or (320) 365-3844 with the access code 374571. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-09-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director, Head of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Darrin Peller - Barclays Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Lisa Ellis - Bernstein Sara Gubins - Bank of America Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you Greg and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2015 earnings announcement. As Greg just mentioned, I’m KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2016. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our strong financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Our excellent fourth quarter performance continues the momentum we have been building in our business all year. For the full year, we delivered strong new bookings, generated record revenues, grew EPS faster than revenues and generated strong free cash flow, all while continuing to invest in our business and delivering significant value for clients and shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered very strong new bookings of $34.4 billion, we grew revenues 11% in local currency to a record $31 billion, our growth was broad-based across the business including double-digit growth in four of our five operating groups and all three geographic regions. We delivered earnings per share of $4.82 on an adjusted basis, a 7% increase. We expanded operating margin 20 basis points to 14.5% on an adjusted basis; we generated free cash flow of $3.7 billion. We returned $3.8 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $1.10 per share, an 8% increase over our prior dividend. So, I feel very good about what we delivered in fiscal year 2015. Our outstanding performance clearly demonstrates that we continue to provide highly relevant and differentiated services to all clients. Now, let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you Pierre and thanks all of you for joining us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results in quarter four which culminated an extremely strong year for Accenture. Once again, our results reflect our unique position in the marketplace, the relevance of our growth strategy and our ability to drive our business to produce value for our clients, our people, and our shareholders. As you listened to our prepared remarks, you’ll hear continued consistency in the key business drivers and three overriding themes; durability of revenue growth, sustainable margin expansion, and strong cash flow with disciplined capital allocation. Before getting into the details, I'd like to emphasize a few highlights in each of these areas. Revenue momentum continued with very strong local currency growth of 12% even against our toughest quarterly compare of the year. A key characteristic was our balanced growth across our operating groups, our geographic regions, and our five businesses which speak of the durability of our growth strategy. Our rate of growth continued to outpace the market as we gained share in most dimensions of our business. Driving profitable growth with sustainable margin expansion continues to be our focus. And in the fourth quarter, our operating margin came in as expected and consistent with last year. For the full year, we delivered 20 basis points of margin expansion on an adjusted basis, while investing significantly to position our business for long-term market leadership. And finally, we delivered another quarter of strong cash flow, $1.4 billion in free cash flow to be specific. In terms of capital allocation, it's noteworthy that we closed 11 acquisitions in the quarter. Given us 18 acquisitions for the full year, we’ve invested capital of $800 million providing us with scale and capabilities in key growth areas. So we finished the year much like we started with strong broad-based growth underpinned by very good profitability and cash flows. With those summary comments, let me now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $8.8 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were $4.1 billion reflecting a book-a-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $4.7 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.3.  We're very pleased with the volume of bookings for the quarter, especially considering the FX headwind which we estimate to be 13% in the quarter. The overall demand for our services remains robust, with the strongest quarterly bookings growth coming from operations, products, Europe and the growth markets. Across the board, digital-related services continued to be an important driver of our new bookings. We also had 10 clients with bookings in excess of $100 million, bringing the total for the year to 43, which again signifies the unique relationship that we have with many of the largest companies in the world. Turning to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $7.9 billion, 1% increase in USD and 12% in local currency reflecting a negative 10% foreign exchange impact consistent with the assumption we provided in June. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.2 billion, up 4% in USD and 14% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.7 billion, down 1% in USD and an increase of 9% in local currency. The overriding theme in quarter four continued to be broad-based and balanced growth across our operating groups and geographic regions, more pleased with revenue performance across all of our business dimensions with the dominant drivers continuing to be strong double-digit growth in digital-related services and operations. But we were also very pleased with our growth in application services and the combined growth for strategy and consulting. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, Communications, Media & Technology led all operating groups with 16% growth, the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, broad-based growth continued with double-digit growth across all three industries and in all three geographic areas. Financial Services delivered their strongest growth of the year at 14% fueled by double-digit growth in all three industries, and in both Europe and the growth markets. H&PS continued their trend of double-digit growth posting 13% in the quarter. The strength of our H&PS business continues to be very strong growth in both health and public service in North America. Products grew by 10%, led by consumer goods and services, life sciences and automotive, with very strong growth in Europe and the growth markets. And finally, resources continue to deliver very consistent growth of 6% in the quarter with positive growth in all three geographic regions and in all industries except energy. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 31.7% consistent with the same period last year. So the marketing expense for the quarter was 11.7% of net revenues, down 10 basis points. General and administrative expense was 6.2% of net revenues, up 10 basis points. Operating margin (sic) [income] was 1.1 billion in the fourth quarter reflecting a 13.9% operating margin consistent with quarter four last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.1% compared with an effective tax rate of 30.1% in the fourth quarter of last year. Net income was $788 million for the fourth quarter compared with net income of $760 million for the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.15 compared with EPS of $1.08 in the fourth quarter of last year. This reflects a 6% year-over-year increase. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding continued to be industry leading. There were 37 days consistent with last quarter. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.4 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $148 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at August 31st was $4.4 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31st last year, down roughly $500 million as we returned $3.8 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends in fiscal ’15. Turning to some other key operational metrics, we continue to attract significant talent, hiring more than 100,000 people in fiscal '15, ending the year with a global headcount of over 358,000 people. We now have approximately 257,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter four, our utilization was 90%, consistent with last quarter. Attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 14% compared to 15% in quarter three and in the same period last year. With regards to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 6.6 million shares for $664 million at an average price of $100.03 per share. For the full year, we repurchased or redeemed 27.4 million shares for approximately $2.5 billion at a average price of $89.52 per share. This week, our Board of Directors approved $5 billion of additional share repurchase authority bringing the total to $7.6 billion. And as Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a semiannual cash dividend of $1.10 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 13 and represents an $0.08 per share or 8% increase over the previous semiannual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn it back over to Pierre, let me just briefly summarize where we landed for the full year across the key elements of our original business outlook provided last September. I'm pleased to say that we successfully managed our business and delivered on every metric in our original outlook. New bookings for the full year landed at $34.4 billion, which was just above the upper end of our guided range when adjusted for the actual FX impact. Net revenues grew 11% for the year in local currency, above the top end of the guided range that we provided at the beginning of the year. Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 14.5% reflecting 20 basis points of expansion, the midpoint of our guided range. Diluted earnings per share on an adjusted basis were $4.82, which was above the upper end of our original guided range when adjusted for the actual FX impact. Free cash flow was $3.7 billion, in the middle of our original guided range even with a much higher FX headwind. And finally, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to shareholders right at our initial objective through $1.4 billion in dividends and $2.5 billion in share repurchases. In addition, we reduced our weighted average diluted shares outstanding by 2%. So, again, we had an extremely strong year by any measure. We're very pleased with the progress we've made in executing our growth strategy and especially as it relates to the accelerated rotation of our business to digital-related services. Overall, our results demonstrate the durability of our growth, profitability and cash flows and our ability to manage our business to deliver value for all of our stakeholders  With that, let me turn it back to Pierre. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our excellent results for the year reflect the successful execution of our strategy across the different dimensions of our business. We are making focused investments in high growth areas including more than $2.5 billion in acquisitions over the last three years. These investments are all about building new capabilities to further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace. At the same time, we have aligned our organization around five businesses; Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations, all highly competitive in their own rights and synergistic in delivering end-to-end outcomes for clients. In particular, the new innovative services we have created in Accenture Digital and Accenture Operations have contributed significantly to our growth. In Accenture Digital, we are working with our clients to help them create competitive advantage and tap into new sources of value. In Accenture Analytics, we are using our new Accenture Insights Platform to help Thames Water in the UK embrace the Internet of Things to transform decision-making. Our new cloud-based solution monitors and analyses data in real-time from more than 20,000 centers and with data visualization tools, managers can proactively respond to risk on the network. And we are helping one of the largest banks in the Euro zone implement a major digital transformation. We are combining our design capabilities from Fjord which we acquired two years ago with our analytics capabilities to create a new and seamless multichannel customer experience, while also driving significant operating efficiencies. In Accenture Operations, we have strong momentum across our infrastructure, business process, security and cloud services. In procurement, we continue to lead the market building on the capabilities we acquired with Procurian. Let me share two examples. We are helping Glencore Queensland, a division of the global mining company to enhance its competitiveness. With our category management expertise and cloud-based sourcing, we expect to achieve total cost savings of more than $300 million. And we are helping TNT, the express delivery company to reduce cost and focus on its core business. Leveraging our procurement and finance and accounting capabilities, we expect to drive annual cost savings of more than $100 million. And when you look across our own five businesses, only Accenture has the full range of capabilities to integrate and deliver end-to-end services in an industry context to drive transformation and mission-critical outcomes for our clients. A great example is the work we are doing with Mondelez, the global food and beverage company to drive growth, increase profitability and reduce costs. We started this program with Accenture Strategy and our zero-based budgeting approach and are now leveraging our business process capabilities in Accenture Operations. We expect to deliver total savings of more than $1 billion over three years. And we continue to invest to further differentiate our capabilities taking the first-mover position and investing ahead of the curve in fast-growing areas such as cloud and security. Last week, we announced the acquisition of the Cloud Sherpas, a global leader in cloud advisory and technology services specializing in Salesforce, ServiceNow and Google. The addition of 1,100 professionals from Cloud Sherpas will further strengthen our position as the leading enterprise cloud services provider. And last month we acquired FusionX, a leader in the emerging field of cyber security. FusionX’s elite team of cyber security experts works at the C-Suite level to help clients test security and see their vulnerabilities through actual replica attacks. This acquisition brings to Accenture the critical ability to help our clients assess and respond to sophisticated cyber-attacks. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business, I am delighted that in fiscal year ‘15 we delivered double-digit revenue growth in local currency in each of our three geographic regions and we achieved these results despite the global economic environment that remains sluggish and the geopolitical environment that is quite concerning. In North America, we delivered 13% [ph] revenue growth for the year in the United States where we have now delivered double digit growth in four of the last five years. We have gained significant market share in the US and are now positioned as the market leader. In Europe, we grow revenues 10% in local currency for the year driven primarily by Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy and France and in growth markets, we delivered revenue growth of 11% in local currency for the year, driven primarily by strong double-digit growth in both Japan and Brazil with high single-digit growth in Australia. So, in closing, we created very strong momentum in our business in fiscal year ‘15 by leveraging the investments we’ve made and by accelerating our rotation to new high growth areas. And I am especially pleased with our performance in digital-related services which grew approximately 35% for the year to more than $7 billion. With the relevant and differentiated capabilities we have built, along with the continued disciplined the management of our business, I am confident in our ability to continue to deliver sustainable profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year ‘16. David?
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. Starting with the first quarter of fiscal ’16, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.7 billion to $7.95 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be a negative 8.5% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '15 and reflects an estimated 6% to 9% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year '16, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in USD will be negative 4% compared to fiscal ’15. For the full fiscal '16, we expect our net revenues to be in the range of 5% to 8% growth in local currency over fiscal ’15. For operating margin, we expect the fiscal year '16 to be 14.6% to 14.8%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '15 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 26%. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted earnings per share for fiscal '16 to be in the range of $5.09 to $5.24 or 6%$ to 9% growth over adjusted fiscal ’15 results. Turning to cash flow, for the full fiscal '16, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $500 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. We expect to return at least $4 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by just under 2% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. Finally, you may have noticed that I did not provide new bookings guidance for fiscal 2016. Each year we evaluate our guidance approach to ensure that we're providing appropriate visibility to our expected results. Starting this year we will no longer provide new bookings guidance as we believe that it is not the best indicator of future revenue performance and has created confusion in recent years. We will continue to report actual new bookings results each quarter. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Greg, would you provide instructions for those in the call please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks. Good morning. Good revenue growth yet again, just wanted to ask I guess just in the hindsight here, probably you guys did 11% revenue growth in fiscal '15, I think your initial expectations was 4% to 7%. So what drove the upside versus initial expectations, just trying to gauge what was strong versus conservatism and sort of how that may reflect in this year's guidance?
David Rowland: Yeah, I mean I think just reflecting on ’15 and, Pierre, I’m sure we will have some reflections as well. I mean the first thing I would start off with is the fact that while we were confident that we were well-positioned for a very attractive market in the digital space, frankly, it’s hard and I'm sure you are going to appreciate this Tien-Tsin. It would have been hard to bank on and predict 35% growth in our digital-related services business. So that clearly was part of the driver. I think secondly, while we also felt very confident in our operations business, which is truly distinctive in the marketplace, no doubt about that, the growth rate was higher. We knew it would be strong, but it came in even stronger than we expected. When I reflect on the operating groups and you may remember and I won’t recount what I’ve said or recap what I’ve said when we started the year, but I had laid out a view of how we thought the operating groups would emerge. I mean, clearly when you look at CMT’s growth for the year, as proud as we are of that growth, it frankly would have been tough to predict that level of growth, double-digit growth in all industries and in all three geographic markets. I mean, that is kind of a trifecta of stars aligning. On the other end of the spectrum, not to go through every operating group, we were comfortable with our turn to growth in resources but yet there were still some risk as we highlighted and at the end of the day, congratulations to our resources team again that they’ve reconnected with growth and sustained very solid growth. And then I think across the patch, when we talk about consulting in our traditional type of work way, which in our new way of looking at the business includes strategy, consulting and part of application services related to application development within app services, that part of our business was very strong in ’15 and exceeded our expectations.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, I mean, not much to add. I think it clearly, I mean, to summarize, we’re overachieving three areas mainly; CMT, digital business and operations. When it comes to operations, more -- significantly more than we accepted.
Tien-tsin Huang: Now that’s helpful. I guess as my follow-up, I’ll ask just on this year’s guidance. Just how much is coming from acquisitions? I know, you have got Navitaire coming up as well and can you give us any sort of range on what digital growth might look like in ’16? Thank you.
David Rowland: Yes. Just working backwards, Tien-Tsin, I’ll give you a view on digital growth as well as our dimensional growth. I’m going to give that view at I-Day, as we’re still working through our view on that. And just to your other question, I’ll start with ’15. Our inorganic contribution I signaled last quarter was in the range of 1% to 1.5%. Our actual inorganic came in roughly at the midpoint of that range. The point being that when you look at our 11% growth for the year, the organic growth was obviously substantial. As we look forward to ’16, we are very proud of the success that we’ve had in the market with our acquisition activity in the last two quarters in particular. We also have four acquisitions, Pierre mentioned Cloud Sherpas, which had been announced, but not yet closed, but if you take what we closed and the four that have been announced, not yet closed, then we would estimate that our inorganic would be, let’s say, approaching the range, in the range of about 2% and of course that can change depending on the timing of when these four deals, Cloud Sherpas, in particular, ultimately gets closed. But we would be in that range. So, would be a click up.
Tien-tsin Huang: That’s great. See you at I-Day. Thanks.
David Rowland: All right. Thank you, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, thanks.
David Rowland: Hi, good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Good morning. How are you guys? So, I guess my first question is clearly we appreciate the acquisitions that you made over the last few years. We actually wrote about it recently. But is there a flip side to it? I mean, can you talk about the growth rate that you are seeing on your traditional businesses? What sort of impact are you seeing from ERP slowdown, from the flip side of cloud, things like that? Because clearly, we have a portion of revenues growing really fast digital. You are handling that transition very well but the flip side is bringing down your overall growth rate, right. So --
David Rowland: Ashwin, let me just mention two things and then Pierre will want to round this out just in terms of kind of the factual context. Again, I want to point out that the year we just closed, our organic growth would have been about 9.5% roughly and so, the organic part of our business, that machine, was hitting on all cylinders in ’15 and was a real testament to the power of our growth strategy and this evolution of Accenture to focusing on our five businesses that we talked about leveraging the very distinctive channel that we have through our operating groups in our largest geographic market. So, just that factual point, our organic growth machine is hitting on all cylinders. You mentioned ERP, I’ll go ahead and put this out there that the ERP business, we’ve always said that ERP goes through cycles and -- but yet, at the end of the day, it’s an attractive business. Our ERP business did stabilize in ’15, it actually grew slightly. Now, as a percentage of our total revenue, it’s actually gotten -- it’s come down a click in terms of what it represents of Accenture’s business because the non-ERP is growing significantly but nonetheless, the ERP story is not a bad story. I’ll just pass it over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, just to -- probably just only reconfirm the element of our acquisition strategy, we are doing acquisitions for three reasons. I mean, the first one is to accelerate access to capabilities in the new and what we’re calling the new at Accenture is now the combination of digital services, cloud services, security services, all new technologies, if you will, such as cognitive computing, automation, or artificial intelligence. Second is to have access to very deep industry expertise, especially in consulting that is the rational for acquisition of Axia, Javelin, companies consulting deep structure iTRAK, either deep industry expertise in upstream energy in retail. That’s the reason -- that’s number two. And the number three would be to scale faster to take the leadership position in the marketplace and by leadership, we mean the Number 1. I’m thinking about Procurian, I’m thinking about Cloud Sherpas. I would put in that category, scale to lead putting more distance between Accenture and the competition. Three reasons why we’re doing acquisition and then we grew organic on top of this acquisition. Probably, one of the best case coming in my mind would be Procurian. We may yet consider Procurian, we became the Number 1 in procurement services and since we made this acquisition, we’ve been scaling faster, and now we are the market leader and the organic growth of our procurement services is even higher than the business days we built [ph].
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Absolutely. Now I understand it and we’re actually fairly consistent with what we’ve predicting recently. The second question is just I want to ask about free cash flow growth in terms of the guidance looking at the lower end is negative, the upper end is 5% at the upper end, which is a ted slower than an EPS growth. And can you kind of go through the puts and takes with regards to free cash flow growth going forward? How you think about it? Clearly, it’s at an impressive absolute level, but I just want to understand how you’re thinking of sort of the cancellation from revenues to profits to cash?
David Rowland: Yeah, I mean, first of all I would encourage you and others to look at the absolute amount because the absolute amount as you referenced, I’ll use my word, but your thought I hope is that it’s outstanding. Our operating cash flow or free cash flow exceeds net income, which I think is a standard for any company which is indicative of outstanding cash flow and we’re in the range -- across our range, we’re in the range of let’s say around 1.1 of free cash flow to net income. And so, the absolute number is very, very strong. As we talked about before, there are many puts and takes in our cash flow in any particular year. Changes in DSO as an example, we have allowed for the possibility not that this is our -- what we’re trying to drive our teams to but we’ve allowed for the possibility of slight uptick in DSOs. You also noticed that we have allowed for further CapEx spending, which is part of the increase and then beyond that, there are differences in timings, for example, tax cash payments can be very different on one year -- from one year to the next. And so, there are many swings but what I would encourage you to focus on is the absolute cash flow, which exceeds net income and is great indicator of a strong cash generating company.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. It’s interesting, we heard some commentary around Brazil and some of the emerging markets growing well. I guess when we think of your guidance and obviously, there is a deceleration partly due to just tougher comps, but I imagine some conservatism as well but I guess on top of that, I mean, how much is your expectation for Brazil or China or maybe even Russia or some of the other emerging markets that we’ve seen slower trends and having an impact on your model? I guess, I’m not quite sure we’ve heard contribution to your revenue from China or Brazil to be honest.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so, if you look at it indeed, we had a good year in some of these markets, overall growth markets, I mean, double-digit growth if you look at all the growth markets. But again, you will see in these growth markets, some of mature market names, I’m saying about Japan and Australia. Now, indeed, we had a very good performance of Brazil last year on back of some very good program in Accenture operations and our business as well in launching innovative services, especially around mortgage as a service on back of a small acquisition we made few years ago called Avere [ph] and our digital rotation as well which is happening in Brazil likewise it’s happening in other places. That being said, we’re looking at the market as you do. We understand that the global economic conditions in Brazil are deteriorating at some pace and it has been factored in our plan.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Have you ever given any disclosure on how much of a contribution Brazil or China might be to your business?
David Rowland: Yeah, we have given that disclosure. I guess, we showed the revenue number for Brazil.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, Brazil is about a $1 billion. It’s about a $1 billion for Accenture. So again, it’s –
Darrin Peller: And China? Okay. 
Pierre Nanterme: It’s not something that will be always significant. And in China, we are around half a billion. 
Darrin Peller: Okay. That’s helpful guys. And just last follow-up question on the digital side, again, growth of 35% obviously very impressive. 
Pierre Nanterme: Both trending to – 
David Rowland: Yeah, China, we are about – we are less – we are about in the range of $300 million in that range, so about 1% of Accenture. 
Pierre Nanterme: You know, he is always optimistic. 
Darrin Peller: Okay, very helpful. Just one quick follow-up on the digital side again. The 35% growth rate, again very impressive. It seems like there is enough demand out there, for even of a larger base that kind of trend to continue. I know you said to Tien-Tsin before that, weight for IA Day, but I mean, I think it seems like could it be fair to assume that you can have at least something similar or very, very strong double-digit growth once again this year?
David Rowland: I think that – we think in terms of continued strong double-digit growth, 35% is a big number. And for planning purposes, we considered the scale of the business, but 35% is a big number and I don’t know that we would assume that for planning purposes, not that we wouldn’t strive forward.
Darrin Peller: Understood. 
Pierre Nanterme: We got plan for double-digits.
David Rowland: Yeah, certainly for double-digit. 
Darrin Peller: Nice. Okay, guys thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning.
Keith Bachman: Hi, thank you very much. I wanted to ask about pricing. Recently Cognizant called out, what was normally a fairly deliberate and conservative company that pricing pressure has increased in part of their business in a while. I understand that there isn’t perfect overlap in competitive areas between yourself and an Indian-based player Cognizant. I did want to hear what you’re seeing in the pricing environment across the breadth of the business that’s particularly in the allocation maintenance and application development world specifically?
David Rowland: Yeah, I would say that, you may remember, it was in the second – it was our second quarter’s call, I mentioned that we were pleased with the progress that we have made in pricing relative to where we were in the previous year. And I would say that relative to those comments, our pricing has remained very stable and so we’ve – I would characterize the environment – it’s tough to paint with a broad brush, because it really is different depending on which part of our business that you look at. But certainly overall, the environment continues to be competitive. If I had to give an overall characterization, I would say stable at the levels that we indicated that in the second quarter.  You know, if you look back, I would – you asked specifically about application services that continues to be a very competitive market, but our pricing is stable. We see other parts of our business where we see some pricing power and when I say that I think about Accenture strategy and Accenture consulting. 
Keith Bachman: Okay, fair enough. And my follow-up question if I could is, your Global Delivery Network continues to tick-up, which I think is part of the reason why you’re able to move your margins, almost 72% of employment basis in the global network now. Is there a natural resistance point that will add some level? Can you – if we look out over the next couple of years, can that continue to move up where you move say over 80% of employment basis in the GDN? If you can just talk about any natural resistance point, particularly as you think about digital forming a greater percent of revenue, which I would think would be more local headcount? Would like to hear your characterization. Thanks very much. 
David Rowland: We don’t think in terms of a natural resistance point. I mean, we think that we’ve got a lot of flexibility for how our Global Delivery Network can continue to evolve. But we certainly don’t think in terms of any natural resistance point. We drive it as the market evolves and as I said, we’ve got flexibility still in front of us. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and when you look from a skill standpoint, I mean, you’re right to mention that part of the work we are doing in digital related services could be onshore. However, we are probably the largest – one of the largest application, perhaps enterprise apps developer in the world. All these developments are being made via our Global Delivery Network and it’s definitely part of digital related services. I am thinking about as significant part of our business in analytics as well being done with our resources, especially in India and other places. When I think about strong innovations in term of automation, robotics, cognitive computing and artificial intelligence, they are coming a lot from the Philippines and from India as well. So I guess, it would be a bit simplistic to see our GDN as a kind of a low-cost, low-value kind of capability. It is a right cost, very high value workforce.
Keith Bachman: Okay, great. Thank you guys. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Ed. 
Edward Caso: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. I was curious if how much of a drag that the acquisitions have become to your margin and is it this rapid growth in the GDN that was just mentioned, is that providing adequate offset?
David Rowland: Well, first of all, Ed, I would say that if you look at the performance of our portfolio overall, we are quite pleased with the performance of our portfolio of acquisitions from revenue through profitability and cash flow, and that’s something we track very carefully. We review certainly ourselves, but with our Board as well each quarter. And we believe we have some pretty half hurdles, financial hurdles for the transactions that we do.  Having said that, as you know, it certainly wouldn’t be unusual for an acquisition to be dilutive in the first year or two possibly. But we do -- one of our hurdles is the pace of which a deal becomes on par and then accretive, but certainly in the first couple of years that can be dilutive. I’d also point out that whereas many other companies in our sector tend to adjust for certain types of acquisition related costs, the amortization of intangibles, things like performance retention payments at the time of closure, third party fees et cetera, we’ve chosen not to do that. And we report our margin all in. To-date our margin expansion commitment has been based on our philosophy that we absorb those as part of our investments and we drive the business forward.  And of course that’s just one part of our investment. We have investments that go well beyond that. The impressive thing about our profit model to-date is that when you look at that 20 basis points of expansion underneath that, we are driving significant efficiency across our business to absorb the investments acquisition and otherwise, and that's an important story to understand, so I am glad you asked that question. 
Edward Caso: My other question is on clarification on pricing. When you talk about stable pricing, sort of what does that mean? I mean, we hear that clients are more focused on reducing total cost of ownership. So you and your competitors may be able to sustain margin, but it’s your – you’re giving back some volume. Help us understand better what you mean by pricing? Thanks. 
David Rowland: So to remind you and the other listeners, when we talk about price and we’ve always said very clearly that we are talking about the profit or margin percentage on the work that we sell. And it’s in that context -- when I say pricing is stable, it’s in that context that I make that statement. And so when you look at application services as an example, when you look at our margin on work that we are contracting, that is stable. I mentioned other areas where we have sources of some pricing power, I mentioned strategy and consulting. I also say that in the context of the margin, but I will also add that if you were to look at in that part of our business, people might talk about things like average daily rates, we’re also pleased with average daily rate progression in that part of our business as well. 
Edward Caso: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Lisa.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, guys. Good morning. First I guess, I will ask directly the question I think many are wondering, which is, what is it are you seeing in the numbers that’s causing the implied kind of sharp quarter-on-quarter deceleration in the guide for Q1?
David Rowland: Yeah, so if you look at our guides for quarter one, the range is 6% to 9% in local currency growth. I mean, when I look at quarter one or the full year, maybe, Lisa, if you will, I’ll just – let me just expand my comments a little bit.  I mean, when you look at our guidance, you first of all have to understand what is our assumption on market growth. And we assume that the market will continue to grow plus or minus in the 4% range. And so when you look at our guidance for the year, certainly if you look at our guidance for quarter one, the same would apply across that range, but certainly at the upper end of that range, it reflects taking significant market share, continuing to take significant market share, which is our strategic objective.  The other thing that you have to consider goes back to some of the discussion that Pierre had I believe with Darrin on the growth markets and the risk profile. But also I think, when we look at the macro environment in general, relative to where we were 90 days ago, I would say, relative to where we were at this time last year, the volatility and risk in the macro environment has clicked up a notch or two, and so that’s a factor then.  The other thing that we think about when we look at our guidance is that it’s as important if not more important to look at the absolute dollars as it is the percentage, whether it be the first quarter or the full year. And if you just look at the full year, before you adjust for the FX headwind, just taking that out, look at the underlying growth, at the upper end of our range, we will be adding about $2.5 billion of revenue, excluding the impact of FX in fiscal 2016, which is a pretty health number.  And so we work hard to drive to the upper end of the range, although the range reflects what we think are the range of possibilities. And as it relates to the full year, we’re early in the year and as we did last year, we’ll adjust as we go. That was more of an answer than your question, but it gave me an opportunity to share some of those thoughts.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. And then a little broader question, taking a step back and just reviewing FY15, how has the competitive set that you guys are competing against in deals changed?
Pierre Nanterme: We’ve not seen much change in the competitive environment. I think the competition is quite well established in the different businesses we’re operating in from the consulting and strategy with the usual players. Then, you have the technology with the other players and then of course operations, different part of our business. So I guess, the environment is pretty stable with some, I mean, winners and losers and we are investing and driving our business to be part of the winners. But not much to say around the competitive environment, it’s still the usual suspects.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sara Gubins from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sara Gubins: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
David Rowland: Hi. Good morning, Sara. 
Sara Gubins: Do you think that your visibility is changing at all, given that a greater portion of growth is coming from digital?
David Rowland: I would say that to the extent that digital has a strong consulting concentration and if you look at the, let’s say, the average duration of a consulting contract versus an outsourcing contract, it would be true to say that the duration is shorter for consulting than it is for outsourcing. So in that sense, it does give you a different backlog kind of profile going forward. We’re very pleased with how our strategy in consulting and the development of new technology that we report within application services, that has been a great story for us, but it does change the dynamic as you’re alluding to.
Sara Gubins: Great. And then separately, could you talk about your hiring plans for next year and the hiring environment overall? Thanks.
David Rowland: Yeah. We will -- we are still in the midst of finalizing those and I will comment on that as appropriate at IA Day, but it’s a little premature for me to give you a number at this point.
Sara Gubins: Okay. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Yeah. Good morning. Just speaking of headcount growth, I think it was up 17% year-over-year, that’s the highest I can remember in a long time, can you just talk about how that translates into revenue? I would have guessed it would have pushed a little bit higher guidance growth rate for the constant currency revenue growth for fiscal year ’16?
David Rowland: Yeah. First of all, we were really pleased with our recruiting in the fourth quarter. I mean, we continue to be and even more so, a real, I would say, magnet for talent in the marketplace and so we had very successful recruiting efforts as you know. The fourth quarter is typically when we bring on our campus hires and so that’s reflected in the number and so we manage the supply and demand very carefully.  And we -- the one point is where we start the year and then of course we have to manage our headcount as we progress through the year and we will see how attrition plays out as we evolve through the first half of the year. We will see how the revenue trajectory progresses and then as always, we adjust headcount appropriately.
Bryan Keane: What’s that relationship, shouldn’t the relationship be closer to revenue growth for the following year?
David Rowland: Well, it’s -- I’m not -- as a general -- well, it depends, it just depends on so many different assumptions. It depends on how we see pricing evolving. It depends on how we see our revenue yield per head evolving. It depends on what we might expect with attrition. It depends on – perhaps, we hired a disproportionate number of people in quarter four and we expect to hire less than normal in quarter one and so, there are so many factors that go in to that. I wouldn’t over read the headcount. What I’d focus on is the guidance we gave and the context that I gave for the guidance.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Just last quick follow-up, what’s the mix between consulting and outsourcing on the growth rate that we should expect between the 5% to 8% guidance? I saw consulting has obviously been a little bit stronger than outsourcing. Just want to see if that probably continues for next year?
David Rowland: Yes. We see -- we actually see very balanced growth, as we have looked at our business plans. We actually see very balanced growth and we would see, let’s say, both consulting and outsourcing in the context of a 5 to 8 range, we would see both of those kind of be in the same zone. So in the mid to high single digits is the potential range for both of them.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Super. Thanks for the color.
David Rowland: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
KC McClure: Great. We have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Okay. Your final question today comes from the line of Brian Essex from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you can talk about a little bit about -- I just noticed that the acceleration in the European or EMEA constant currency growth rate was really nice this quarter. So you had about a year and a half now of accelerating growth in Europe and I was just wondering if you can touch on the environment in Europe and what are some of the key drivers to that acceleration, so that we can get an idea of how that might be sustainable going forward?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Sure. Thank you. And by the way, Jo Deblaere who is leading our European business is in the room and he could be more pleased with your comments on Europe. And yes, I mean, we’re pleased with where we are because we’ve seen the growth and of course, when you understand the overall economic environment in Europe, it’s much different from the one for instance you have in the US. So it’s more about us than about the market of course. And I would call probably the same trend. It’s fascinating to see that the digital rotation we’ve seen in Europe is as strong, even slightly stronger than the one we could see in the US. It appears that our target clients, mainly the premium brand in the G2000 we’re serving in Europe are really accelerating their investments in terms of digital rotation. Second, we had some very significant transactions, leveraging Accenture operations with our business process services, I’m thinking about, I mean the Finance and Accounting, the HR, the procurement as well and it’s been a significant source of growth and overall, the consulting is back, probably driven as well with the digital related services. So for Europe, again, the clients we’re serving, more than the GUs, are reinvesting. We’re always nice on rationalization, driving good growth for Accenture operations and the other eye on growth and digital, which is driving more business for Accenture Digital, Accenture Strategy and Accenture Consulting and of course the leadership of Jo Deblaere.
Brian Essex: Great. And maybe just for a follow-up, I know the deal hasn’t closed yet, but I think Cloud Sherpas was a great pick up. We know them as a leading cloud broker and a substantial salesforce.com partner. Maybe if you could, to the extent you can, talk about the rationale behind that deal and where some of the leverage across your platform might come from and any kind of overlap with their current brokerage business?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Sure. I mean, two main reasons. First, and you’ve seen that in the terminal, which has been used by Paul Daugherty, our Chief Technology Officer, we’re taking a cloud first approach. So we are strongly believers that indeed now and even more moving forward, this cloud first agenda will be quite prevalent for our clients and we want to preempt to be ahead of the curve or to embrace whatever you’re going to call it, this new cloud first environment and so to be a prominent provider in the add to service, software and solution as a service environment.  So second, when we have defined this position for Accenture, the name of the game for us was how to scale more rapidly to take the leadership position, especially around the salesforce.com solution and Cloud Sherpas was a very relevant opportunity for us to scale rapidly the good capabilities we have as we speak, we are the leader in providing services for salesforce.com.  We are already the leader and we believe that through this acquisition, they have excellent people, a significant number of this people being certified, which is even more important, we are scaling faster and are taking the leadership in this market, which we believe is going to be promising in the coming years.
Brian Essex: Is there a geographical component as well or is it primarily just merging the two capabilities together?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, no, indeed, I mean, it’s global with a very significant and good footprint in the U.S., but it’s global and nicely covering two or three of our most significant markets around the world. So we should take this leading position not only in one, but certainly in few of the markets around the world. Very nice fit for us.
Brian Essex: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Alright. I think we stand to wrap up KC. Excellent. So thanks to all of you again for joining us on today’s call. And in closing, I just want to take this opportunity to first, thank our clients for the trust they place in Accenture as their business partner. At the same time, I also want to extend my deep and sincere thanks to the men and women of Accenture around the world.  Every minute of every day, our people demonstrate an incredible level of commitment to delivering value for our clients and for our company and finally, of course, I want to thank you, investors for your continued support and confidence in Accenture. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference in New York on October, the 7th. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC and all the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern time today through December 17th. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 366268. International participants dial 1 (320) 365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1 (800) 475-6701 or 1 (320) 365-3844 with the access code 366268. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-06-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director, Head, Investor Relations Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Lou Miscioscia - CLSA Lisa Ellis - Bernstein James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets James Friedman - Susquehanna Jason Kupferberg - Jeffries
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Accenture’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all parties are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to our host, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Brad. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings announcement. As Brad just mentioned, I am KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2015. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We delivered excellent results for the third quarter, building on the momentum we created in the first half of the year. I am particularly pleased that our strong third quarter performance was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business. We gained substantial market share and accelerated our growth in digital-related services. Here are the few highlights. We delivered strong new bookings of $8.5 billion, bringing us to $25.5 billion year-to-date. We generated very strong revenue growth of 10% in local currency, with growth across all five operating groups and all three geographic regions. We delivered earnings per share of $1.30 on an adjusted basis, a 3% increase. We expanded operating margin 20 basis points to 15.4% on an adjusted basis. We generated solid free cash flow of $1.3 billion and our balance sheets remained very strong ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4 billion. And we returned $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So we have delivered very strong performance for the third quarter and as we enter the fourth quarter, I feel very good about where we are and what we have achieved for the year-to-date. Now, let me hand over to David for more details. Over to you, David?
David Rowland: Thanks, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for joining us on today’s call. As you heard in Pierre’s comment, the strong momentum that we established in our business continued in the third quarter as we delivered excellent financial results. We are very pleased with the ongoing execution of our growth strategy underpinned by strong operational discipline. The underlying business drivers and key themes in the third quarter were very consistent with the past two quarters. And importantly, we again delivered on all three imperatives for driving shareholder value. Starting with durable revenue growth, even with the tougher compare this quarter, we delivered 10% growth in local currency, which represents the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Once again, our broad-based growth demonstrates the strength of our diversified business and our ability to drive growth above the market resulting in increased market share. With respect to sustainable operating margin expansion, we continue to drive value from our strong growth by expanding operating margin 20 basis points, while continuing to invest in our business and our people. And finally, regarding strong cash flow and discipline capital allocation, we generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow and returned roughly $1.2 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We are on track to deliver free cash flow in excess of net income for the full year and while we continue our disciplined approach of returning cash to shareholders, we also remain focused on investing in our business to acquire scaling capabilities in key growth areas. So we're very pleased with the third quarter, as our results continue to demonstrate the durability of our growth, profitability and cash flows. With that said, let's now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were $8.5 billion for the quarter. Consulting bookings were the second highest ever at $4.5 billion, reflecting a book-to-bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were $4 billion also with a book-to-bill of 1.1. We were pleased with the volume of bookings for the quarter, especially when you consider the significant headwind due to foreign exchange impacts. The major themes in our new bookings were consistent with last quarter. We saw continued strong demand for both digital-related services and operations, and new bookings for application services and consulting related services landed within our book-to-bill target range. Finally, we had 12 clients with bookings in excess of $100 million, giving us 33 year-to-date, which signifies the unique and trusted relationship that we have with many of the largest companies in the world. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $7.8 billion, slightly positive growth in U.S. dollars and an increase of 10% in local currency, reflecting a negative 10% foreign exchange impact, compared to the negative 11% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusting for the lower FX headwind, we still came in well above the top-end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.1 billion, up 1% in USD and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.7 billion, flat in USD and an increase of 10% in local currency. Looking broadly at the major drivers of revenue growth in the quarter, the trends we’ve seen in recent quarters remain very consistent. The dominant drivers were very strong double-digit growth in digital-related services and operations, application services continue to grow in the range consistent with our overall rate of growth and strategy and consulting services combined continued to grow in mid-single digits. Turning to the operating groups, Communications, Media and Technology continued to lead all operating groups with 17% growth in the quarter. While growth continued to be broad-based, it was most significant in North America, the growth markets and communications globally. The drivers across CMT continued to be digital-related services, cost rationalization, several large transformational projects and demand for network-related services. H&PS grew 10% in the quarter. We again saw significant growth in our Health business, particularly in the public sector at U.S. Federal clients and our Medicaid-related projects at state clients. Digital-related services and operations, particularly BPO, were also strong growth drivers. Financial Services also grew 10%, with significant growth in both capital markets and insurance. Clients continue to be focused on three main areas, risk and regulatory, cost optimization and digital-related services, especially in distribution and marketing. Products grew by 8%, led by very strong growth in consumer goods and services, life sciences and automotive. Clients continue to be focused on digital-related services and operational effectiveness as they position themselves to be more competitive in the marketplace. Resources grew 6%, continuing the recent trend of positive growth in all three geographic regions and all industries except energy, with particularly strong growth in utilities. The pattern of broad-based growth for outsourcing-related services continued as clients remain focused on operational efficiency and cost rationalization. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.5%, compared with 32.8% for the same period last year, down 30 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.3% of net revenues, compared with 11.6% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, down 30 basis points. General and administrative expense was 5.8% of net revenues, compared with 5.9% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, down 10 basis points. As I mentioned in quarter two, this quarter we recorded a non-cash settlement charge as a result of an offer to former employees to receive a voluntary lump sum cash payment from our U.S. Pension plan. This $64 million charge impacted quarter three operating margin by 80 basis points and diluted earnings per share by $0.06. The following comparisons exclude this impact and reflect adjusted results. Operating income on an adjusted basis was $1.2 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 15.4% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter three last year. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.7%, compared with an effective tax rate of 25% for the third quarter last year. Net income on an adjusted basis was $889 million for the third quarter, compared with net income of $882 million for the same quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share on an adjusted basis were $1.30, compared with EPS of $1.26 in the third quarter last year. This reflects a 3% year-over-year increase. Turning to DSO, our day services outstanding continue to be industry leading. They were 37 days, up from 35 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.3 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $114 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at May 31st was $4 billion compared with $4.9 billion at August 31 last year, down $900 million as we’ve returned over $3.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends year-to-date. Moving to some other key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 336,000 people, and we now have approximately 237,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter three, our utilization was 90%, down from 91% last quarter, attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 15%, compared to 14% in both quarter two in the same period last year. Lastly, we now expect that approximately 95,000 people will join our company in fiscal ‘15. So turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 5.6 million shares for $518 million, at an average price of $93.11 per share. Year-to-date, we purchased 20.8 million shares for approximately $1.8 billion, at an average price of $86.16 per share. At May 31st, we had approximately $3.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned, on May 15, 2015, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal ‘15 in the amount of a $1.02 per share bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.4 billion. So with three quarters in the books, we’re extremely pleased with our results and are now focused on quarter four and closing on a strong year. As always, we’re working hard to continue to manage our business with a high degree of rigor and discipline which enables us to deliver on our near-term objectives while also investing that scale for long-term market leadership. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong results for the quarter and year-to-date demonstrate that we’re benefiting from the investment we've made in key growth areas such as digital. And I'm very pleased with the leadership position we are establishing in this important part of our business. In the third quarter, we delivered more than 30% growth in local currency in digital-related services which now account for more than 20% of our total revenues. Demand for digital is pervasive across the entire business. And we’re leveraging our digital capabilities in the services we provide to clients in every industry around the world. Here are few examples. We are helping Pizza Hut, build and operate the new club-based digital platform to draw some of the customer experience and boost online sales. The new platform will also enable Pizza Hut to expand its digital marketing capabilities through enhanced customer segmentation, analytics and mobility. We are working with a leading global shipbuilding company to deploy an Internet of Things connected platform to enable real-time monitoring of its shipping fleet. We will use over 100 different kinds of sensors to provide predictive maintenance and spare parts optimization. And we are helping Rio Tinto, the global mining company, accelerate its journey to become a digital business by migrating its enterprise IT systems to an as-a-service solution on the Accenture Cloud platform. Rio Tinto expects to realize significant cost savings, as well as increased agility, from the consumption-based pricing model. At the same time, we continue to invest to further differentiate Accenture and to scale our capabilities in order to capture new growth opportunities in the marketplace. In Accenture Strategy, we announced two acquisitions in the third quarter that further enhanced our capabilities. We acquired Axia Limited, a U.S. based strategy services provider with expertise in life sciences, health and consumer goods industries. And in May, we announced the acquisition of Javelin Group, a U.K. based strategy consulting provider with significant digital expertise in the retail industry. In Accenture Digital, we are rapidly scaling our capabilities to bring innovative solutions to clients to enable digital transformation. Just last week, we announced that we are joining forces with the Fast Retailing in Japan to develop digitally enabled consumer services across the retailer’s seven global brands including UNIQLO. Through this joint initiative, we are developing new digital business models to drive transformation in the retail industry and beyond. We opened the Accenture Interactive Innovation Center at our technology lab in Sophia Antipolis in France. This is all about providing clients with an immersive experience that brings to life the latest digital technologies for engaging with customers in new and innovative ways. We are expanding Fjord, the leading design and innovation group within Accenture Interactive. We recently opened new design studios in Sao Paulo, Milan and Sydney and now we are 15 Fjord design studios around the world. And with Accenture Mobility, it is now one of the world's leading developers of mobile apps, leveraging the capabilities of our global delivery center. We have now developed over 1000 apps across nearly all industries. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business, in the third quarter, we delivered strong growth in local currency and gained significant market share across all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered very strong 12% revenue growth in local currency, driven by continued double-digit growth in the United States, where we are strengthening our position as the market leader. In Europe, I'm very pleased with our growth of 7% in local currency, driven primarily by Spain, the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands. And in gross markets, we delivered very strong revenue growth of 13% in local currency driven by double-digit growth in Japan, Australia and Brazil, our largest markets in this region. So with the first three quarters of the year behind us, I'm extremely pleased with our results. We have accelerated momentum in our business and I feel confident that we are well positioned to deliver a very strong fiscal year ‘15. In the market environment that remain uncertain and fast changing; innovation, agility and flexibility are more than ever the name of the game. And we remain extraordinarily focused on executing our strategy to deliver sustainable profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook for fiscal year ‘15. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘15, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.45 billion to $7.70 billion. This assumes the impact that foreign exchange will be a negative 10% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ‘15, based upon how rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 7.5% compared to fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ‘15, we now expect our net revenue to be in the range of 9% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ‘15, we continue to expect new bookings to be in the range of $33 billion to $35 billion. As I mentioned previously in May, we recorded a non-cash settlement charge of $64 million, which will impact full year ‘15 operating margin by 20 basis points and diluted earnings per share by $0.06. Our guidance for full year fiscal ‘15 excludes this impact. For operating margin, on an adjusted basis, we continue to expect fiscal ‘15 to be 14.4% to 14.6%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘14 results. On an adjusted basis, we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For earnings per share on an adjusted basis, we now expect EPS for fiscal ‘15 to be in the range of $4.73 to $4.78 or 5% to 6% growth over fiscal ‘14 results. This EPS range includes $0.02 increase due to the lower FX headwind and a $0.05 increase to the lower end of the range as a result of narrowing the revenue growth range. Turning to cash flow for the full fiscal ‘15, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $4.1 billion, property and equipment additions to now be approximately $400 million. And we continue to expect free cash flow to be in the range of $3.4 billion to $3.7 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $3.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases, and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up, so we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. I’d ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Brad, would you provide instructions for those on the call please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Pretty good results here, looks very similar to last quarter. I saw that digital accelerated though up towards 30% on a constant currency basis, I think, that was up from 20%? Just curious if that offset anything that slowed or anything that was weaker than last quarter?
David Rowland: No. It’s -- I don’t think it’s indicative of a weakness in another area. Last quarter we said digital growth was over 20%. And we did see an uptick and I think, some of the drivers behind that were pretty evident in Pierre’s comments, as he described our Digital business and how it continues to evolve in a very positive way.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. And when we talk about digital-related services, we’re talking about all the digital activities we have across our five businesses, Accenture Strategy, Accenture Consulting, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations. So all of our five businesses are growing across the board with an accelerated growth with digital-related services.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And just as a follow-up, I saw the operating cash flow adjustment for the full year, just curious what caused that? And then how much did acquisitions contribute to the revenue growth? Thanks.
David Rowland: The acquisition growth continues to be in the range of what we’ve talked about before, so in that 1% to 1.5% range. On the cash flow, there's really not anything notable. There is some puts and takes in there, but really not anything significant to note.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good morning. Great results. I’ll ask on the gross margin, if that's okay, it was definitely better than we expected. I’m just curious if that’s -- this trend is sustainable, if we could go back to what we saw in the first half? I guess, ultimately, just trying to gauge if some of these drivers like contract profitability and use of subcontractors are performing better?
David Rowland: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi.
David Rowland: Again, when I look at profitability and I don't mean to be redundant on this, but let me just restate the things that I focus on in the context of our quarter three results. So the first thing that I look at is the trend in our contract profitability and we were pleased with our contract profitability. It was up year-over-year for both consulting and outsourcing, and it was up year-over-year in total. And that has an influencing factor on gross margin but it's certainly not the only influencing factor. The second thing that I look at for our overall profitability is the evolution of our labor cost in relation to our revenue growth, and that pattern continued as we've seen in the first half of this year, where we are very pleased with being able to manage our labor cost efficiently. But I should add by the -- at the same time investing in our people through actions that we took -- have taken through the year including in the third quarter with respect to promotions and salary increases. And then, I really look at those two things primarily in the context of, are those things progressing to the point that we’re creating head room, so that we can invest in our business, while at the same time drive the profitability, our GAAP margin expansion, in this quarter our adjusted margin expansion to support the objectives that we communicate externally and all of those things happened as planned in the third quarter. So, in terms of evolution of gross margin, Tien-Tsin, we -- as you know, we don’t -- I don’t really guide or make forward-looking statements on gross margin, because we focus on operating margin. It does ebb and flow in different quarters across the year. But if we have the right evolution of contract profitability and the right evolution of our payroll efficiency then frankly that's everything is clicking from a profitability standpoint and that's what we focus on.
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right. Great and that’s perfect. That’s helpful context. As my follow-up, I know, Bryan, asked on acquisitions, but I wanted to ask just your philosophy if there is – if we should expect more of the same here as sort of buying or tucking in some of these smaller businesses, I'm curious and the culture is very important? Any surprises in terms of retention of some of the people that you brought in with some of these deals? So just trying to understand the retention and how the culture is meshing? And then also if the philosophy could change you, could you do larger deals, given sort of the big appetite on acquisitions? Thanks.
David Rowland: Yeah. Good question. We have -- overall we have been very pleased with our experience with companies that we've acquired really over the last two to three years. I'll remind you that at this point we have acquired roughly 45 companies or so. So we’re not novices at, I’m talking about over, let say, over the last two and a half to three years. So we have become very experienced in executing our inorganic strategy and an important part of that is the approach that we take to integrating and assimilating the companies that we buy. And we’re fundamentally a people-based business, so we’re specially tuned into that with respect to integrating and assimilating the people in these companies that we acquire. And our experience has been positive in terms of the retention and assimilating them into our culture very quickly. And again, as we’ve mentioned before, the financial returns have been certainly in line with our expectations and in many cases better.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. No. Absolutely. I mean, we all have been very clear on our acquisition strategy. Do we want to leverage our cash to make acquisition in order to further enhance our capabilities and get more differentiation, the answer is, yes. We are looking in acquisition in some very specific areas as you know, from deep expertise in consulting and strategy from an industry standpoint to digital native organization to companies with a deep footprint in operations, I’m thinking about Procurian as an illustration and we will continue to do so, and look at the kind of acquisition we believe we could get an excellent return and they’re going to further improve our differentiation, our competitiveness and our relevance in the business. And so far, frankly, I'm very pleased. I found even David a bit neutral on this, less neutral, I think we have an excellent return on the investment we made. It is making an impact in the marketplace. I’m thinking about Fjord, I'm thinking about Acquity, I’m thinking about Procurian, where clearly we are taking leading position in these different areas, not only we have a good retention, but we’re scaling further the acquisition we made. We announced in this call that we are significantly and rapidly scaling Fjord, our design and innovation studio in Accenture Interactive and we are now 15 design studio around the world and more to come. So we will continue executing the strategy against the parameters we set and we will continue to further improve Accenture.
David Rowland: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Essex: Good morning and thank you taking the question. I was wondering if I could dig in a little bit on Health and Public Services. And given the contract wins you have there, particularly some of the material ones in the state and federal business, what impact do those wins have on your profitability, particularly as we hear some of your competitors, as they bring on some of these larger contracts are less profitable upfront, how do you manage those and how can we expect that segment to kind of grow in contribution to profitability going forward?
David Rowland: Yeah. We’ve been very pleased with the progression of our profitability in H&PS broadly and in Health specifically. We -- when you're talking about some of the recent wins, of course, we don’t talk about contract specifically, but as a general philosophy, we’re in the business of driving profitable growth and we look at every client and contract opportunity against that objective. And so we don't you put business on the books that doesn't support our near-term and really mid and long-term financial objectives. So we're quite pleased with the health of our Health and Public Service business. We are actually very excited about the opportunities that we see in Health, which is growing strong double digits as an industry and are very encouraged about what the opportunities in the future hold for us.
Pierre Nanterme: Oh! Yeah. I am very pleased with H&PS. It’s certainly an area where we invested, I guess, wisely in getting the return. As mentioned by David, Health segment has been growing double-digital for many years now, many quarters in the row. And if I am looking at our business in both federal or in local and state, it’s exactly moving in the right direction and growing, and all this H&PS business is accretive to Accenture. So we are pleased with that. And again, it's all a question of how you differentiate the type of services you are providing. In Healthcare, we decided to be extremely digital rich by being among the first to deliver digital health we call, connected healthcare, and a very significant differentiation in healthcare; if you look in terms of Public sector, we have been among the first to launch the local exchange insurance centers and you know how much it’s important now. In federal, we recently invested in Agilex to bring more digital rich services in the context of our Federal business. So, again, for us the name of the game is always the same is to avoid commoditization and low value services in each and every industry, and to relentlessly focus on where we could bring innovation and differentiation in each and every industry at Accenture.
Brian Essex: Okay. That’s very helpful. Maybe if I could follow up on some of the previous M&A comments. Are you seeing a change in the competitive environment with smaller, maybe more specialized firms as a result of all the recent M&A activities that we have seen in the market recently? And in particular as you kind of -- as you maybe competing with them in certain contracts, are your win rates changing at all?
Pierre Nanterme: No. I don’t think we see any significant change in old landscape from an acquisition standpoint. Everybody is trying to find the right nugget and the right company. So far David mentioned that we acquired between 40 and 50 companies this last three years. We are in the range of 45 and we are pleased with the company we integrated and it’s a very competitive market, because everybody is looking to buy company who are going to bring differentiation. I think we are differentiating ourselves in this acquisition market with our brand. I tend to believe without being arrogant at all that our brand is serving us very well as a magnet for talent. We have a very strong brand, highly recognized companies we are contacting, are recognizing that Accenture is a good company to work with, with a good culture, with a good client service DNA and always trying to do the right thing. And in the acquisition environment I think an excellent reputation of strong brand and being recognized for performance culture and operating with seriousness is a competitive advantage.
Brian Essex: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you for the question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia with CLSA. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Lou.
Lou Miscioscia: Hey. Good quarter guys. Maybe going to app services, you guys mentioned that that was an area of strength. So, one, just curious as to how much app services did you see still hidden within companies that you could pull out approximately driving a multiyear growth rate there? And then, secondarily, Pierre, that that you start to get more competitive and going after business against the Indian outsourcers, is that the case and is that a bit of a change of strategy?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I am very pleased you are asking a question with what we are calling now at Accenture Application Services, because indeed it's a very important business for Accenture. It's a very significant part of the technology and market and we have set a very specific strategy to compete in application services on both ends of this market. On one hand of application services, you have application development and maintenance and in Accenture, we are extremely competitive with our global delivery network. In this market, which is more market where you need to rationalize the technology operations of clients. And then on the other hand of this application services market you have the capability building, solution building and Accenture as well is very well-positioned to capture the opportunity to build a new solution in application services. So all our jobs with our clients is to look at this application services and to make sure that the money if you will they are saving in application maintenance and development through leveraging offshore, through productivity, through automation, which we provide a lot will be reinvested in capability building and new technology solution. And Accenture operating on both side and as both end of this spectrum is a very good position to be the partner of our clients in making this reinvestment possible. And that’s why I am very pleased to see that all-in-all application services at Accenture being growing very well again this quarter.
Lou Miscioscia: Right. Absolutely. Okay. And the quick follow-up is on the Consulting side, any change or maybe, let me ask it this way, who do you see the most from the Consulting side, especially in the U.S. Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Competition -- when competition is remaining extremely, I would say, traditional, we doesn’t see much change. In Consulting we would compete typically against what everybody is calling the Big Four. I mean, the Deloitte, [indiscernible], the KPMG, probably, Deloitte and [indiscernible], if you want me to set to would be the companies we are typically competing against and we love that.
Lou Miscioscia: Have you seen companies in anymore than in the past?
Pierre Nanterme: In Consulting?
Lou Miscioscia: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Not really.
Lou Miscioscia: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Good morning, Lisa.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, guys. Good morning. Hey, can you do a quick update on the four cost-related initiatives that you had laid out at your Investor Day last fall? Particularly in light I guess to kind of, I'm looking at the headcount growth numbers, which have been running ahead of constant currency revenue growth for four quarters or so, which I think implies some pyramid mix shifting, so just could you give us a bit of an update on that front?
David Rowland: Yeah. So, for the benefit of other listeners, there were four areas of focus for expanding our margins both near-term and over a longer term horizon. The first thing that I called out was our focus on managing each of the five dimensions. Pierre mentioned those earlier, I mentioned them in my script in a fit for purpose way, recognizing that each of those dimensions has a different economic profile from the price points in the marketplace to the cost-to-serve points to how much we invest management and overhead, et cetera. And on that front we have made very good progress this year as we continue to take our organization up, the maturity curve or the adoption curve for our new growth strategy and really reorienting how we manage and drive our business fundamentally around those five dimensions. And I see evidence of that, for example, in the way we approach pricing for our Strategy Services and our Consulting Services in a much more differentiated way than we would have been doing certainly a year ago, 18 months ago, 24 months ago as one example. So I think we are making good progress. The other thing I called out was leveraging our talent-based model, which is also aligned with these five dimensions as a way to manage our workforce, our talent in the associated market relevant, labor cost in a more fit for purpose more granular way. And everything we're doing to evolve how we manage our talent, how we develop careers and also how we do compensation management and planning is progressing nicely against that objective and that certainly has been one of the contributing factors to our profitability so far. I’d mentioned portfolio optimization is the third area. Again, very -- we are making progress on that front in terms of raising the game of all of the P&L runners around Accenture. So that they look at our business across the portfolio and are turning dials to optimize the total by looking more discreetly at the individual pieces. And then underpinning all of that was our ongoing efforts in operational efficiency, the cost of running the organization. That includes, for example, our business management functions, finance, HR, marketing and we have made very good progress this year across all of those functions in the efficiency of those organizations. So Lisa, we’re very pleased, lot of work to do, it’s ongoing but we're very pleased with the progress we've made so far.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Lisa Ellis: And then on my follow-up, can you give a bit of an update on Accenture Operations? And I think of Accenture operations as typically more outsourcing related work. You’ve had some makeshift here into the shorter duration consulting work, heavily digital driven, I imagine. So can you just give some highlights on the operation side?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Sure. And thanks to hear it from you, Lisa. I hope you are doing well.
Lisa Ellis: Yeah.
Pierre Nanterme: On operations, indeed, we created something very special. And I’m pleased to have a couple of minutes to mention the good progress and the positioning we’re taking on operation. As you know, in Accenture, we’re not using any more or much more the terminology of consulting and outsourcing and that’s something especially in the IA Day, we will continue to comment on how we seek the market in professional or in business services evolving. And when we created Accenture Operations, we created a very unique capability in the marketplace. I don't believe that anyone else has been building a similar capability with two major capabilities in it, one, which is around infrastructure services, where you will find as much consulting and outsourcing in it. So it's a combination of services from cloud-related services leveraging the Accenture Cloud platform from high value services in security and from indeed infrastructure outsourcing. And the other significant capability is going to be around business process management, if you will, where again, we are providing business process more and more as a service platform based in the cloud as an illustration and think about what we are doing which is extremely leading edge with procurement where we’re probably the first in the industry to provide procurement as-a-service platform based with an economic model on the consumption and on the pure transaction. So operation is indeed already a combination of consulting and outsourcing. And this is what you’re going to see more and more in Accenture is the richness of the service we’re providing will come from the integration of consulting and outsourcing services in a new economic model only against platforms.
David Rowland: Thank you, Lisa.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask about consulting versus outsourcing for a moment. Consulting continues to get momentum, maybe accelerating but outsourcing seems to be decelerating somewhat. So I was wondering, what you put that down to, is that mainly clients trimming on sort of maintenance to fund strategic initiatives or is there something else and do you see a way to where outsourcing can actually start to inflate higher again?
David Rowland: Yeah, Jim, thanks for the question. Again, let met direct you back to because I think it is important to just reinforce the dot connecting between the consulting and outsourcing and the five dimensions of our business. And again, as we introduced the five dimensions of our business at IA Day, the reason we’re moving in this direction is because this is reflective of where the market is moving. And so again when you look at our five dimensions of strategy consulting app services and operations with digital across all four, if you relate that back to consulting as a type of work, which we’ve talked about the historically, that includes strategy consulting and a part of application services to be clear. And if you look at outsourcing that includes a part of application services in most of operations. And so we really think that it’s more helpful to talk about our business in the new dimensions. And so again if you look at strategy and consulting as more of the traditionally consulting centric part of our business that grew at mid single-digits, again which is a very good growth rate relative to the market. If you look at application services, which has components of consulting and outsourcing, using our historical binocular, systems integration and application outsourcing, that grew mid-single-digit. And the thing that's unique about Accenture in that space as Pierre explained very clearly is our ability to play across the spectrum of services within application services, from the application maintenance side which has a one set of buyer values and economic profile to the deployment of technology, which is part of the application services market space which has a different set of buyer values and economic profile, that grew again roughly at the average of Accenture. So in that 10% plus or minus range and then when you look at operations of the strong double digit. And so really when you think about our business and what's driving the growth, think about it in those terms because I think you’ll find that to be most helpful.
James Schneider: That's helpful. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, just want to ask a question about some color on short-term versus longer dated bookings. Can you maybe give us a sense of what’s the short-term bookings continue to be a dominant source of the growth and can you maybe talk about roughly or if you can quantify, what percentage of revenue was both booked and billed in the quarter versus what that was, say a year ago?
David Rowland: Yeah. Can’t really comment on the latter, what I will say is that we had signaled I think maybe the latter half of last year and even earlier this year that we were seeing a characteristic of our bookings where a higher percentage of our bookings was converting to revenue within a four quarter period. And what I would say is that trend has remained pretty consistent. We continue to see a nice chunk of our bookings. So the bookings in the quarter, a nice chunk of that will convert to revenue in the next four quarters and of course, that has been part of the story for our strong growth rates over the last -- really not on the last three quarters but really quarter three and quarter four of last year.
James Schneider: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. So Digital clearly, pretty impressive, it looks like it accounted for roughly 60% of your growth in the quarter. The question that I have more specifically around your labor pool is the cost of the digital labor pool is clearly a lot more expensive. I know, you're talking about this pillars managing it but I'm thinking more specifically like what is it in terms of differential as we think about that? And then what specifically are you able to do to manage that talent pool cost because if it's accounting for 60% of growth, I am also wondering is there a headcount correlation that’s starting to decouple a longer term with that pool and that’s going to help it? That’s my first question.
Pierre Nanterme: On this labor cost, I mean, what we are doing in Accenture and it’s not different in Digital, is to make sure that we have the right mix of skills and the right locations for our skills. If you look in this digital space, we have now roughly 28,000 people working in that environment. And this 28 is very interesting because you will see as you might suspect extraordinary, I would call them high calibers. I'm thinking about the business scientist we are hiring. I'm thinking about the PhDs we are hiring to drive algorithm in Accenture Analytics. And I'm thinking as well about some leading edge designers, we all hiring for Fjord, our design group, at Accenture. And on the other side of this spectrum, you will see that we are now one of the largest apps, enterprise apps developer in the world. All this apps development is done in our centers from India as an illustration. And they are marvelous app developer from India and we are leveraging part of the global deliver network for digital to deliver apps services. I'm thinking about Analytics we have as well very strong people in our delivery centers, who are everyday doing analytic work from the GDN and from a lower cost location. So it’s not different in Digital from the rest of Accenture where we are always looking to put the right people at the right place with the right cost. So we make sure that we have the right skills that we are cost competitive. It’s exactly the same with Digital.
Dan Perlin: Okay. And then shifting gears for a second, I want to ask an M&A question but not pertaining to the businesses that you want to acquire. It’s more a function of all the businesses globally that have been doing M&A. And I’m just wondering to what extent are you seeing that driving business and maybe let’s just say into your consulting business as I would think you'd be a top of the list company to be thinking about in terms of helping the integration of those companies?
David Rowland: Yeah. You’re talking about Accenture working with our clients, helping them with the integration of companies they’re buying. Certainly, I think we do that and essentially all of our industries. That is a space that we operate in and it plays very well to really the full spectrum of our service offerings. From the strategic aspects of that to the consulting thought of that where we’re integrating the business, the business processes, the organization et cetera, rationalizing the systems from the acquired company and then also driving the cost efficiency agenda, introducing and extending our operations capability as part of those transactions. And so, it certainly -- it’s a typical type of work that we see where our large clients engages to do that so.
Dan Perlin: But is the pace of play on that increasing or similar to what we see in the past? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. Now I think, consolidation been everywhere. You have some ways in some industry. I’m thinking about we have the very significant way in banking across ‘08, ‘09, ‘10 and we’ve been one of the leading organization in doing post-merger integration, lot in communication, when you just reading the papers and see what’s going on in communication. And we might expect more to come in the energy industry for good and valid reasons.
Dan Perlin: Thank you very much.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Friedman with Susquehanna.
David Rowland: Good morning, Jamie.
James Friedman: Hey, good morning guys. I was hoping to drill in a bit if I could on the 11 $100 million, 33 $100 million plus deals that you’ve signed in the quarter and year-to-date. If you would had look at those with the lens of the operating groups, is there anything to call out there? Are they’re more populated in one or the other or did they roughly parallel the growth of the OGs themselves?
Pierre Nanterme: I guess, when we are -- we are checking a bit but if I’m looking back on these last two quarters. And I don’t believe that this quarter is untypical compared to all the quarters. The number of this transaction across is about to $100 million which is the threshold we’re communicating every quarter. It’s quite well as spread across all our operating groups and potentially as well from a geographic standpoint. And I’m pleased it’s giving me the opportunity to refer the message about being very pleased that our growth is very well balanced across the different dimension of our business, industries and geographies.
David Rowland: Yeah. Now if you look at the quarter for example and you look at the 12 as I’m glancing at the list, for example, all five operating groups were represented on the list. And so I guess it really reflects as broad-based kind of theme that we've been talking about is that all of the operating groups have as a part of their portfolio, these larger transformational type relationships. And the pattern is really as you would expect. Okay.
James Friedman: Okay. Thank you. And then…
David Rowland: Thank you.
James Friedman: If I could ask one follow-up?
David Rowland: Sure.
James Friedman: So it’s great to see Brazil coming back. I want to ask about the growth markets in general. But specifically, the Brazil, is that hard one to predict. But do you see that as sustainable? Is Brazil on track to continue in this acceleration?
Pierre Nanterme: I will comment on the past more than on the future. But I’m pleased, you asking the question because I'm not doing that often during call but I would like to recognize one of our greatest leader at Accenture namely, Gianfranco Casati. We appointed Gianfranco Casati, who has been one of our best leader at Accenture, leading products for many years and leading the gross markets. Gianfranco Casati is now located in Singapore to lead the gross market. And you have a natural correlation between putting a great leader and the results in the gross markets. So I’m not surprised at all with the return we have made on Gianfranco investments if you will. And we have growth in Japan, Australia and Brazil. Part of the growth in Brazil, of course is the recovery is probably a kind of catch-up but now we are beyond the catch-up mode. And I guess what we see in Brazil, likewise the other markets is our strategy of rotating the Accenture business to be more digital rich and cloud services rich what we turn now to call the new if you will is paying off. So again, all the markets that have a potential issue if you find the right entry point. And today the right entry point around the world is this unique combination of digital-related services and cloud-enabled services. So if you’re digital rich and cloud rich then you have probably the right formula to drive more growth in each and every market.
James Friedman: Thank you.
KC McClure: Brad, we have time for one more quick question, then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that will come from Jason Kupferberg with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning. I’ll make it quick and try and wrap two into one because they’re short. First one is just margins and rough GDN mix of digital versus the corporate average. And then what categories of competitors, do you think you're taking share from in general around the globe?
David Rowland: The GDN mix for digital versus the rest would be very similar. It’s not a -- I mean, overall on average because you have to remember digital is reflected in application services. It’s reflected in operations, consulting and strategy, so it would be roughly reflective of the average.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. From a competition standpoint, of course, we respect all our competitors and we love all of them. If I’m looking at the dynamic -- I would say, the fierce competition is more on balance coming from the name I mentioned before, among the big four and the Indian pure players. So by contrast you will see against who we are less competing now.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. I think it’s time for closing KC, Right?
KC McClure: Yeah.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. Thank you. So thanks again for joining us on today’s call. Given our performance year-to-date and the strong momentum in our business, I feel confident in our ability to deliver our revised business outlook. The investments we've made in strategic acquisitions in assets and solutions and in the skills of our people have produced strong results so far. And we will continue executing our strategy to seize the opportunities in the marketplace and deliver value for our clients, for our people and for our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any question, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 this morning and running through Thursday, September 24th at midnight. You can access the AT&T playback service at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 360639. International parties may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. Again those numbers, 1 (800) 475-6701 or 1 (320) 365-3844 with the access code 360639. That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-03-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  KC McClure - MD and Head of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Dave Koning - Dave Koning Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus Charlie Brennan - Credit Suisse David Togut - Evercore ISI Sara Gubins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Brad and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings announcement. As Brad just mentioned, I am KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2015. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our financial results for the second quarter, continuing our momentum from the first quarter. Our strong performance in the second quarter was again broad-based across the different dimensions of our business and we gained significant market-share. Here are a few highlights, let me start with our new bookings of $9.4 billion, our second highest quarterly bookings ever. This brings us to 17 billion for the first half and positions us well for the year. We delivered very strong revenue growth of 12% in local currency with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing. Earnings per share were $1.08, a 5% increase. We expanded operating margin 30 basis points to 13.6%. Our balance sheet remained very strong ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4.1 billion and we continue to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today we announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $1.02 per share which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $2.04 per share, a 10% increase over last year. So with the first half of the year behind us, I feel very good about our results and the momentum we’re creating in our business and we’ve again raised our revenue outlook for the full fiscal year, over to you David.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre and thanks all of you for joining us on today’s call. As you heard in Pierre’s comments, we delivered a very strong second quarter. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of strong and building momentum in our business as we continue to execute a growth strategy that’s clearly resonating in the marketplace. During this period, we’ve gained significant market share by being relevant and responsive to the needs of our clients. Looking more specifically at the second quarter, following a strong start for the year in quarter one, we again delivered on all three imperatives for driving shareholder value. Our 12% growth which continued to be broad-based across almost every dimension of our business reflects the durability of our revenue growth model as we drive growth at scale. Our operating margin of 13.6%, 30 basis points higher than last year demonstrates the success of the actions underway to improve profitability and reflects our ability to manage our business to drive sustainable margin expansions and our free cash flow of 220 million was consistent with our expectations and keeps us on a trajectory to deliver free cash flow and excess net income for the full year while returning significant cash to shareholders. So, we were extremely pleased with the second quarter, very strong growth, strong margin expansion and cash flow consistent with our expectations. With that said, let's now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings were 9.4 billion for the quarter as Pierre said representing the second highest quarter in our history. Consulting bookings were 4.2 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.1, outsourcing bookings were 5.1 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.4. On a year-to-date basis bookings are now just over 17 billion, a very healthy level especially when considering the FX impact and puts us within our target book-to-bill range for both consulting and outsourcing. Taking a closer look at our quarter two bookings, an important theme was the continued strong demand for both digital related services and operations. At the same time we saw very good demand for both application services and consulting related services. Another important characteristic was the broad-based nature of the uptick in new bookings with sequential improvement in bookings across all operating groups and all three geographic areas. Finally, we were pleased that we had a record 15 clients with bookings in excess of 100 million which points to the strength of our client relationships and their trust in our ability to drive the most important initiatives on their agenda. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were 7.49 billion, an increase of 5% U.S. dollars and 12% local currency reflecting a negative 6.5% foreign exchange impact compared to the negative 5% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusting for the additional FX headwind we came in well above the top-end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were 3.8 billion, up 4% in USD and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were 3.7 billion, up 6% in USD and 13% in local currency. Looking broadly at the major drivers of revenue growth in the quarter, we saw consistent trends with our most recent quarters. The dominant drivers were strong double-digit growth in digital related services, operations and application services, and it’s also noteworthy that our results reflected an uptick in growth rates in both strategy and consulting services which are now growing at mid single-digits. Turning to the operating groups, Communications, Media and Technology delivered another quarter of 15% growth, which continue to be broad-based with almost all dimensions growing double-digits. The strongest growth drivers continue to be digital related services, cost rationalization and several large transformational projects, as well as increasing demand for network related services. H&PS also grew 15% in the quarter and the drivers continue to be very significant growth in our health business, particularly in the public sector, driven by our health exchange and Medicaid related projects at U.S. federal and state clients. Digital related services and operations, particularly in BPO, continue to be very significant drivers of growth as well. Products growth of 13% continued to reflect strong and balanced growth across all three geographic regions and most industries. Digital and cost optimization were significant areas of focus for clients in this operating group as well, application services was also a driver as well as very strong overall growth in consulting. Financial services grew 9% led by strong growth in Europe and across all three industries particularly in capital markets and insurance. Digital related services continue to be a major theme as our clients are looking for new and innovative ways to connect with their customers and serve their needs. Additionally cost optimization and risk and regulatory work continue to be significant areas of focus. Resources grew 6% with growth in all three geographic regions and all industries except energy. Revenues were driven by growth in outsourcing across all industries including energy as clients focus on operational efficiency and cost rationalization. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 29.9% compared with 31.3% for the same period last year down 140 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 10.7% of net revenues compared with 11.7% of net revenues for the second quarter last year down 100 basis points. General administrative expense was 5.6% of net revenues compared with 6.2% of net revenues for the second quarter last year down 60 basis points. Operating income was $1 billion in the second quarter reflecting a 13.6% operating margin up 30 basis points compared with quarter two last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26% compared with an effective tax rate of 24% in the second quarter last year. Net income was 743 million for the second quarter compared with net income of 722 million for the same quarter last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $1.08 compared with EPS of $1.03 in the second quarter last year. This reflects a 5% year-over-year increase. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding continue to be industry leading, they were 35 days down from 37 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was 220 million resulting from cash generated by operating activities of 301 million net of property and equipment additions of 82 million. As I mentioned in quarter one, we shifted the timing of a portion of our compensation payments from quarter one to quarter two. While this shift negatively impacted the second quarter there is no impact to full year cash flow. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at February 28th was 4.1 billion compared with 4.9 billion at August 31st last year down 800 million as we’ve returned 1.9 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends in the first half of fiscal ’15. Moving to some other key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 323,000 people, we now have approximately 226,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter two, our utilization was 91% consistent with last quarter, attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 14%, compared to 13% quarter one and 12% in the same period last year. Lastly, we continue to expect at least 90,000 people will join our company in fiscal ’15. Turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the second quarter we repurchased or redeemed approximately 6.8 million shares for $601 million, in an average price of $87.72 per share. Year-to-date, we purchased 15.2 million for approximately $1.3 billion, at an average price of 83.62 per share. As of February 28, we had approximately 3.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $1.02 per share representing a 10% increase over the dividend we paid in May of last year. The dividend will be paid on May 15, 2015. So with two quarters in the books, we’ve delivered very strong results and feel positive about how we’re positioned for the remainder of the year. That said, we don’t take anything for granted, we continue to drive our business with rigor and discipline doing everything possible to deliver strong second half for the year. With that I’ll turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. We are adjusting very well against our growth strategies and taking a leadership position in each of the businesses in our portfolio. The investment we’ve made in assets and solutions, in strategic acquisitions, in attracting talent and in building the skills and capabilities of our people has positioned us very well to capture new growth opportunities. We are driving innovation across Accenture to grow capabilities that are both highly relevant to our clients and highly differentiated in the marketplace. You have heard me mention two important trends, digitization and rationalization that are driving demand for our services and contributing to our growth. We invested ahead of the curve to build a capability that will help our clients respond to these trends. Digitization is all about helping our clients tap into new sources of value and new sources of revenue to create competitive advantage. We are helping clients capitalize on these trends to become the disrupters in the new digital world, not the disruptive. A great example is to what we are doing with a leading retailer helping them on vision on finding new ways to attract customers and achieve that goal of quadrupling revenue. We are bringing innovative digital technology to help them move beyond the traditional store model to a multichannel digital strategy. For a global telecommunications provider, we developed a digital strategy underpinned by analytics to significantly upgrade their customer service, while delivering cost savings of almost $100 million. We are also walking with our clients to develop innovative products and services based on the Internet-of-things. We are helping Visa explore the future of mobile payments to make their traffic more convenient even inside a car, leveraging our expertise in digital commerce we build a proof-of-concept to show our consumers in a Connected Car, you can order and pay for it securely. Digital services represent about 20% of our total revenues and were more than 20% in local currency in the first half of the year. We are seeing demand for digital across all dimensions of the business in every industry and around the world and we’re clearly benefitting from the investment we have made in this space. In January, we acquired Structure a Houston based firm that will further enhance our smart grid operations, energy trading and rich management services for utilities and energy clients. In February, we announced the acquisition of Agilex Technologies, a provider of digital solutions for the U.S. federal government. The acquisition enhances our digital capabilities in analytics, cloud and mobility for federal agencies. And earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of Gapso, a Brazilian analytics firm that will expand our advanced analytics capabilities in the supply chain and logistic areas. The second thing rationalization continues to be top of mind for clients as they look for opportunities to increase productivity and efficiency across their organizations. We have invested to take a leadership position in this space with Accenture operations. And we are the first company to combine business process services with infrastructure and cloud services at scale. We’re working with a leading global airline on a major transformation of its procurement function, including a cloud-based supplier portal. The alliance expects to realize significant cost savings as well as increased standardization and transparency. We are helping a global beverage company to create a global operating hub for finance and accounting, HR, procurement, supply chain and marketing operations. Our multi tower BPO services will streamline processes, minimize risk and provide new analytical insights. And we are working with a leading European manufacturer to transform its IT infrastructure. We will migrate existing applications and data services across more than 60 operating companies into a single hybrid cloud environment. We expect to deliver improved services and flexibility, increased automation and a 30% reduction in operating costs. Now turning to the geographic dimension of our business, in the second quarter we again delivered very strong growth across all three of our geographic regions. In North America, we delivered revenue growth of 13% in local currency driven by double-digit growth in the United States where we continue to perform extremely well. In Europe we grew revenues 9% in local currency driven by double-digit growth in many of our largest markets including France, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands. And in our growth markets, we grew revenues 12% in local currency with again strong double-digit growth in three of our largest markets, Japan, Australia and Brazil. So, as you can see, we have delivered an excellent first half of this fiscal year. Our diverse portfolio of business together with our geographic diversity and our unique ability to integrate our capabilities end-to-end positions us very well to bring innovative services to market leading companies both globally and locally. Looking ahead, based on the successful execution of our growth strategy, I feel confident in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth over the long-term providing value to our clients, our people and our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook for fiscal year ’15, David over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me turn now to our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal ’15, we expect revenues to be in the range of 7.35 billion to 7.6 billion. This assumes the impact of foreign exchange will be a negative 11% compared to the third quarter of fiscal ’14. For the full fiscal year ’15, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 8% compared to fiscal ’14. For the full fiscal ’15, we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 8% to 10% growth in local currency over fiscal ’14. For the full fiscal year ’15, we now expect new bookings to be in the range of 33 billion to 35 billion reflecting our revised FX assumptions. Before I continue with our business outlook, I’d like to comment briefly on a non-cash item that will be recorded in the third quarter. In May, we expect to record a non-cash settlement charge estimated to be approximately $60 million as a result of a current offer to former employees to receive a voluntary lump sum cash payment from our U.S. pension plan. This will reduce future risk and administrative cost to Accenture. On a GAAP basis for fiscal ’15, the estimated impact of this settlement charge is approximately 20 basis points to operating margin and approximately $0.05 in EPS. We will provide both GAAP and adjusted results for quarter three and year-to-date results. For operating margin on an adjusted basis, we continue to expect fiscal ’15 to be 14.4% to 14.6% a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ’14 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For earnings per share on an adjusted basis, we now expect EPS for fiscal ’15 to be in the range of $4.66 to $4.76 or 3% to 5% growth over fiscal ’14 results. Absent the higher FX headwind which impacts EPS by $0.14 our EPS range would have increased $0.10 to $0.14 driven by high revenue growth. Turning to cash flow for the full fiscal ’15, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of 3.85 billion to 4.15 billion reflecting our revised FX assumption. Property and equipment additions continue to be approximately 450 million and free cash flow now to be in the range of 3.4 billion to 3.7 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least 3.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also continue to expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up so that we can take your questions, KC?
KC McClure: Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Brad, would you provide instructions for those on the call please?
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Janney. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering could you provide a little more color on your exposure to digital just give us some sense of what you expect the growth rates to be there and how should we think about that as it relates to bookings as far as the size of the deals and the market contribution? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: I will take the first part of it and indeed as we’ve communicated recently and even this last year, we earn back in rotating more of our business to what we are calling now digital related services. Digital is positive across the board, this is something we anticipated frankly few years ago probably in the range of 29 and we invested a lot ahead of the curve. If you remember around what we are calling interactive analytics, cloud and mobility and now indeed we are significantly benefitted from this wave which is very important that’s why I was very pleased and proud to report our position in term of digital related services. Now at 20% of Accenture revenues in that short period in time and as important and even more important well above 20% local currency growth for the first half of the year. So needless to say that we have a great momentum in that business and indeed its covering a large value of opportunities small, medium, large covering consulting or outsourcing type of work. So digital is positive across a different dimension of our businesses, consulting outsourcing across all industries there are more or less around the 20% some above, a few slightly below and on balance I guess David will comment good pricing.
David Rowland: Yes and I think, I mean just as it relates to the bookings question and a peer alluded to this is that, the digital bills do span all sizes. We have larger digital projects and obviously we have a high volume of medium size to smaller project. And I guess what I would say is that you might think about it in the context of the quarter we just delivered, where we delivered 9.4 billion in bookings with a heavy component of digital. And so, I don’t think that this necessarily changes anything in terms of that dynamic overall.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add piece of information on this, as you know we created as well Accenture Digital where we have organized our Accenture interactive, Accenture mobility and Accenture analytics work and what we are aiming at through Accenture way is to create more and more synergies integration end-to-end of the three capabilities and that’s a unique differentiator in the marketplace.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I wanted to ask on the bookings side, just the 15 clients that did bookings over $100 million. That was a big number obviously. Can you comment on the types of deals, geographies, maybe pricing any common theme there and does this in any way pull forward bookings for the third and fourth quarter just wondering if the big deal pipeline has been impacted now that you've signed these deals? Thanks.
David Rowland: No it’s I'll tell you, I'll just kind of work backwards. We feel good about our pipeline. I mean obviously, when you have a big bookings quarter you convert a lot of pipeline to bookings. That's a factor. But even with that, we feel very good about our pipeline. We actually feel good about recent movement that we've seen in the larger deal category within our pipeline. Tien-Tsin, I would say just in terms of color on the bookings, I don't know if there are really any dominant themes. It crosses the spectrum of operations including BPO type contracts. There's a flavor of application services in there. And I guess stating the obvious, there's a flavor of Digital in there as well. The thing about our bookings that we were especially pleased with and generally this would apply to the 15 clients is the pervasiveness of the strength of the bookings. And I mentioned that we had sequential growth across all five of our operating groups and all three geographic areas. And so I would say that there's not anything unique about the 15. And again, we feel good about our pipeline going forward.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean what I appreciate with our results is they are broad-based and so bookings exactly the same pattern. If you're looking from an operating group standpoint, if you're looking from a geographic standpoint as well, you will see they are extremely well-balanced across the board. So we don't specially benefit this quarter of any outstanding performance of one part of the business compared to the others. It's very well-balanced with of course a lot of Digital across the board and this is the kind of balanced growth we appreciate.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Just hoping to get some color on the breakout of consulting and outsourcing and how to think about those on a constant currency basis in the second half of the year? And then my second question is just on gross margins. I know we're solving for operating margins but on the gross margins they were down 140 basis points, I think it's a little more than usual maybe you can just give us some color on the gross margins? Thanks.
David Rowland: Yes. I would say first on your first question in terms of the second half of the year, I would think in terms of mid to high single-digit positive growth for consulting and let's say probably high single digit positive for outsourcing. So that puts us on a track for the full year of probably mid to high single for consulting again and low double-digit for outsourcing. In terms of the profitability point, at the risk of being redundant, I guess let me just share a few things with you beyond what I said in the script. First of all, we're very pleased with the 30 basis points of expansion. That’s obviously is at the upper-end of the range what we target and it does reflect a lot of the hard work that our organization has been doing over the last four quarters. What I really focus on when I looked at our profitability are few things. The first thing I focus on is the progression of our contract profitability. And I can tell you that our contract profitability was up compared to the same quarter last year and we continue to be pleased with the progression of contract profitability. The second thing that I look at is the progression of the overall efficiency of our labor cost, both our Accenture personnel and our subcontractors. And we have made really good improvement in our labor cost efficiency for several quarters now and that's in the mix as well when you look at our second quarter results. The third thing I’ll look at is how our organization is doing in managing every dime we spend as if it's our own individually, related to non-payroll expenses. And we've done a very good job with that. And then finally, although this is certainly not last on the list, at the end of the day we are seeking to create head room in our P&L so that we can invest at sufficient levels to really drive our business growth going forward. And we have a good mix of investments in our results as well. And so we always are talking about in this forum at least we get the questions on the gross margin and the SG&A but those are the things that I really focus on and all of those things were in the right zone relative to my expectations, creating the 30 basis points of expansion. The last thing I'll say is gross margin again includes a lot of things. It's not just contract profitability. It includes recruiting, training, integration of acquisitions, on-boarding costs for new hires, et cetera. So, there is a lot that goes in there that ebbs and flows quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: And I guess first of all just high level if we think back the last four quarters have been very good and the prior six quarters before that have been kind of low to mid single-digit growth. And I guess I am wondering is this just kind of a natural ebbs and flows of the business that have kind of a nice acceleration after a period of slowdown and really behind the question is can this higher level of growth now that we’ve seen it for a full year kind of stay sustainable or have that kind of been one off of it that allowed revenue to kind of ebb higher that starts to I guess anniversary and starts to slow down a bit just kind of high level just wondering how that plays out overtime?
Pierre Nanterme: And commenting on the, I mean the first part of your question and what happened at this last three quarters compared to what happened before. I guess as you know the world has changed significantly and we have put a lot of thought at Accenture on what it takes to be relevant in this new world and to respond to the current needs of our clients and the needs are much more around how we deal with uncertainty, how we deal with volatility, how we bring more flexible solution, how we provide more productivity and efficiency. And that’s why we come with this and it’s obviously like quite simple but this really vision around at the end of the day it’s all going to be digitization of the business for clients on behalf of our clients and the rationalization of their operations. And then we significantly align the Accenture strategic agenda and our investments towards these two main trends. And as you know and you’ve seen that recently and we communicated to a lot, we invested in new skills, we invested in new organization with the creation Accenture Consulting, Accenture Strategy, Accenture Digital, Accenture Technology and Accenture Operations. We made several strategic acquisitions specially focusing on digital and operation we’re quite very deep skills, we have more than 1,000 PSD doing algorithm in analytics at Accenture. So this is what we did this last couple of years and I guess that now we are getting the return on the strategy we set and on the investment we’ve made we are absolutely not complaisant with that but to a great extent we have seen the way of pass through to be relevant to our client, we have committed to it and now we are executing seamlessly.
David Rowland: Yes and I would I know that I couldn’t really add anything to that frankly, it's -- I mean you in your question is there anything unusual or like one-time of that nature and the answer is absolutely not and again I think that the thing that you would have to just look at is the broad-based nature of the growth which speaks to the durability and one of the things at Investor Analyst Day David if you remember, is I really talked quite a bit about our growth model and why we believe it is durable overtime and again our enduring objective is to grow faster than the market. Now the market growth rates change overtime and our growth rates will change with it, but our enduring objective is to grow faster than the market and we’re working hard to have durability in our growth model to allow us to do that.
David Koning: And I guess just one short follow-up just this quarter the resources margin was 12.8% it hasn’t been under 15% in about six years and just on that line item specifically if something changed a little bit?
David Rowland: Yes the operating group margins can be lumpy quarter-over-quarter. As you know, we have been working hard to position our resources business for growth and congratulations to our team for doing that. I also called out if you extracted this from the comments I made on resources, the growth in resources right now is coming really exclusively from our outsourcing related services, operations and application services. And so, you see a little bit of mix there as well. But we’re not -- I am not particularly concerned about the profitability in a single quarter. We have good profit potential in resources going forward and overtime we will tune the levers to get it back to the right level.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit of color on some of the transactional short duration business and how those bookings are tracking and more importantly going forward what inning do you think we’re in cyclically in terms of that improvement?
David Rowland: Well, we’ve definitely seen a increasing volume of the smaller short-term type projects and of course that’s reflected in our consulting growth. And I would say that the drivers of that broadly anchor back to the themes Pierre has talked about so often. You look at the digital space and the nature of the digital work is that it really lends itself to this agile quick turn development and deployment of capability. But also on the cost rationalization agenda, that drives a lot of demand for our strategy practice, for our consulting practice like in the past we’ve referred to as management consulting as an example working with our companies to develop a strategic cost map for cost rationalization and then getting into the implementation of that. And we see some of that in shorter smaller projects which are contracted in phases over a period of time. So those are the kinds of things that are in the mix, Pierre may add some additional flavor to that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes indeed, I think what is interesting to see in the mix of work we are telling is we have at the same time as you know we are quite famous for this large scale transformation program and again this year as mentioned by David we have a few large scale opportunities at times. And at the same time especially with the rise of digital, you have more what I would call higher velocity projects. So I think what we have now in our portfolio of bookings is this large scale transaction which are clearly the kind of unique that will favor Accenture is kind of end-to-end combining all our capabilities to deliver transformation plus the higher velocity programs more digital related services driven and this is this mix which I think has impacted on balance the average duration of our bookings.
David Rowland: Yes, does that help Jim?
Jim Schneider: And then maybe as a follow-up, but just you're doing well on the cost control side with both sales and marketing and G&A dollars down in absolute terms on a year-over-year basis, any color on how much of that is FX versus organic? And then some of the initiatives you're doing to kind of keep those expenses under control?
David Rowland: Yes, I think the -- it's a real cost savings I mean one big area is we’ve talked about for years as you’ll know. But we are always focused on continuing to look for improvements in our sales efficiency and our channel costs and so we have made improvements in that area under the leadership of our COO Jo Deblaere. We also have an ongoing really it’s ongoing transformation agenda for each of our corporate functions. And we very much due to our ourselves I should say we leveraged that the same kind of capabilities that we sell to our clients internally and so we use BPO concepts for example across HR and finance and we have more room to go. It’s an ongoing journey for us just as it is for our clients and we’ve made improvements in our what we call our corporate function cost as well and those are real savings not FX related. And we’ll continue to focus on that going forward. So those are a couple of examples.
Operator: And we do have a question for the line of David Grossman with Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
David Grossman: So this was the second consecutive quarter that you beat your revenue guidance and you’ve reached the year. Can you help us understand whether that was again relative to your guidance was faster backlog conversion or some of the smaller higher velocity projects that you just mentioned? And again I know you said that strength was broad based-across the geographies and verticals. But I am just wondering again relative to kind of where you started the year whether that’s more relevant to a particular vertical or a particular geography?
David Rowland: Yes it’s interesting because we look quite a bit at where did we come-in better than we expected and not to be too simplistic but the answer is that all five of our operating groups every single one of them came in stronger than what we and they expected when we provided guidance in December. And again I think it gets to -- part of the deal was that when you’re on a revenue ramp it can be a little bit more difficult to predict the slope of the ramp because for example we can be quite confident in the work activity but yet we have to also think about our operating groups too, the availability, to the resources, the timing the projects to get started et cetera. And so at the end of the day all five of our operating groups exceeded so again it was broad-based. And I would say that it was more in our consulting related services than our outsourcing so consulting came in stronger and part of that again goes back to the digital theme that we talk about as a driver of consulting but also we see more activity across our other consulting type services both strategy and our core consulting business management consulting et cetera. So it’s really consulting came in better and all five operating groups came in better those were really the drivers. And I do think that the higher volume of smaller contracts is in the mix of everything I’ve said really across the board.
David Grossman: And then just secondly I think you mentioned the EPS impact of currency at the end of your prepared remarks. Could you just repeat what the impact your expectation for the EPS impact is for the year?
David Rowland: So what I said specifically is that there were really two factors that we use to adjust the range, one is the higher revenue which we increase revenue and we narrow to a 2 point range so therefore we narrowed the EPS range. And the second factor was the FX, plain and simply those two factors and what I’ve said is that absent the FX headwind which impacted our EPS by 14 pennies so FX impacted by 14 pennies, our revenue would have increased $0.10 to $0.14 absent the impact of -- I am sorry our EPS would have increased $0.10 to $0.14 absent the $0.14 FX headwind.
David Grossman: And does that include the first quarter impact as well or is that just from the second quarter on?
David Rowland: That’s from the second quarter on the revised full year guidance.
David Grossman: Okay, because you had a fairly significant FX impact in the first quarter as well, right?
David Rowland: If you look I mean if you look at where we started the year versus so if you take our initial guidance with where we are now absent the FX headwind we’ve increased our guidance $0.16 to $0.20.
David Grossman: Okay, got it, great.
David Rowland: And then the difference is all FX.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Charlie Brennan from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Charlie Brennan: Thanks so I’ve got two questions if that’s possible the first is just on…
David Rowland: I was going to say. We’ll judge whether we give you a second question based on the first. Go ahead.
Charlie Brennan: Okay, I’ll go easy then a couple of the companies that I’ve been speaking to in Europe have been suggesting there is incremental pressure from clients from more favorable DSO terms I was wondering if you can just put that in context with the two day move we’ve seen in this results and maybe can you give us some medium-term expectations of where you would like to see DSOs in two to three years time?
David Rowland: Yes I mean there's no doubt that the environment is tougher on commercial terms and conditions and billing and collections are really right in the mix of that. So we've seen that trend certainly. We had always signaled, by the way that the DSO levels that we've had at some point in the recent years past when they have gotten down in the low 30s, that we had always signaled that, that was likely not sustainable overtime and that our DSOs would creep back up to the mid to even high 30 range. And so that pattern has played out exactly as we had expected and anticipated. So we're very comfortable with where we are. I think that by and large if you look at the last few quarters, our DSO has been relatively stable. It was up a little. Now it's down a couple of days. So we're in the range that we expect to be, in the range that we expect to be let's say for the rest of this year. And it's an area that we are always focused on and have been very good at managing our billing and collections. So I would just say that at least for this year, we're in the range of what we expect.
Charlie Brennan: And if you look out two or three years, does the high 30s feel like the right number or is it the type of situation you are just taking every year as it comes?
David Rowland: I mean it's hard to say, I mean I am not going to look out a few years really, I think what we’ve said again is that we could certainly see DSOs creeping up to the mid to upper 30s and that’s where we’re at.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Could you update us David on pricing across consulting and outsourcing and in particular perhaps application, maintenance and development where I think you called out perhaps a year and a half ago some increasing pricing pressure, where do you stand today?
David Rowland: I would say overall we’re pleased with the way our pricing has progressed since the same time last year. We saw actually improvement in our pricing in the second quarter, I would be clear though that the environment continues to be a competitive environment, no doubt. But we have seen some progression in pricing in certain parts of our business and overall we were very pleased with the margin quality of the 9.4 bookings. I would say that in application services again to be clear David, when we talk about pricing, we’re talking about the margin percentage on the contracts that we sign and in application services we’ve also seen positive progression in the last six months.
David Togut: When you talk about improved pricing and I think Pierre mentioned good pricing in digital, are you seeing material pricing increases in digital services currently?
David Rowland: I would say that we see differentiated pricing in digital relative to other parts of our business and I think I’d leave at that, unless Pierre you have any…
Pierre Nanterme: Yes no, no I think digital related services as long as you can bring differentiated solutions especially the one we invested a lot around is commanding a better price compared to the rest of the portfolio, I mean this is what it is.
David Rowland: Yes, I mean it's all about in areas where we have a leading capability, leading differentiated capabilities and typically we give good pricing and we are in a very strong position in digital with our offerings, our skills, capabilities et cetera.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Sara Gubins with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Sara Gubins: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're gaining significant market share, could you talk about where you think that’s coming from?
Pierre Nanterme: I guess we are gaining market share certainly in all the three regions where we are operating. So this is again quite well balanced growth given our strong double-digit growth now for almost four years in a row in the U.S. This is probably a place where we are accelerating our gain and I guess we are probably gaining against clearly the more traditional player of our basket of competitors, I mean you know all of them and you know their results and we are growing par with the best of the peer players in each of the businesses we’re operating in. But so far indeed market share gains are quite broad-based again I mean if you look at the -- we have 10 of our industries out of 19 growing double-digit. So I guess and another four with high single-digit growth. So I guess that we are gaining market share in many of our industries I mentioned in Europe as an illustration that we have double-digit growth in Germany, in the Netherland and again I am sure we are gaining significant market share given the market over there when you grow in double-digit. So it’s quite wide spread in many again double-digit growth in Japan, in Brazil, in Australia, so in all places where we have double-digit growth we are gaining market share technically so we are pleased with that.
Sara Gubins: And then could you give us an update on the estimated contribution of acquisitions to fiscal ’15 revenue? I think you were talking about, about 1% to 1.5%, contribution? Thanks.
David Rowland: Yes, and really no change from what I said last quarter on that.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: My question revolves around sort of non-linear growth, headcount 323,000 you're going to add 90 fresh bodies this year. Where do you stand with creating B-pass opportunities and other sort of volume or outcome based contracts? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: We continue working on this to create more bifurcation between headcount and revenues. I think we may continue some good progress even if we or we feel at the beginning of this journey if you will. But I've been recently in India as an illustration visiting our BPO practice and looking at all the innovations we are bringing especially around automation, especially around robotics and especially around cognitive computing. And if you bring these three capabilities all together we have indeed a unique opportunity it's happening as we speak in our operations in India to bring a level of productivity and efficiency in our business process operations where we start seeing this bifurcation between headcount growth and revenue growth and we might expect some acceleration in ’16 and beyond. So it's still early days regarding the leading edge characteristics of these technologies. But I'm feeling extremely positive and even more important Mike Salvino is leading our Accenture Operations business, is feeling extremely confident that we have the tools and techniques to move to the next level of productivity.
Edward Caso: And my other question is now that you’re seeing improved local currency growth and everything seems to be clicking. Will you dial back your M&A investments that you had stepped up in recent years?
Pierre Nanterme: No.
Edward Caso: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean I could elaborate but I think the answer is that. I will elaborate that I mean we will continue to invest to acquire, build and develop differentiated skills and capabilities especially around digital and operations. And we’ve been very successful to do it from now and we will continue with that agenda.
KC McClure: Brad we have time for one more question and Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that last question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Look I want to just start off quickly on the resources and then follow-up on Europe on resources again I know you said that obviously there was some timing around margins. But really the growth rate just, even though it's only 6%, it's accelerating a pretty big headwind for you guys. Number one, do you see enough bookings or contracts there to actually continue that acceleration despite oil prices and everything we're seeing in the industry so that could become more and more of may be a tailwind? And then secondly on Europe, I just wanted to ask about the offshore labor arbitrage opportunity there. I mean for a while you guys have been a lot more onshore outsourcing orbiting Europe as the -- that was really the way to operate there. We know now there's a lot of real demand there for more offshoring and I know you have the GDN to do so. Just curious what you're seeing on that front. That could be a I think a long, multi-year opportunity.
David Rowland: Yes I’ll comment on resources and maybe let Pierre comment on Europe. On resources we do feel good about how the business has been repositioned for sustained growth now going forward. The bookings have been very good in terms of their book-to-bill on a year-to-date basis and that speaks well to the growth opportunities going forward. I think I have mentioned that when you look at resources that had growth in all three geographic areas and in all of the industries except energy but even in energy we actually had very strong double-digit growth in our outsourcing related services, so operations and application services. And so what we’re finding is that even with the pressures in energy, we really are helping our clients with our application services and operations services as they were from their cost optimization cost rationalization agenda and so we think that we are positioned for sustained positive growth in resources even with the recent challenges in energy.
Darrin Peller: That’s great, thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes and to add the color on this resources recovering many industries, if you take chemical which is a very important industry for us, we’re growing more than 20%. So when you look at it from a portfolio standpoint, from a European standpoint I mean you're absolutely right to mention that the outsourcing market is vibrant again our clients in Europe are looking for more efficiency and more productivity. And if I look at digital versus digitization versus rationalization probably U.S. would be a bit more on digitization, where Europe would be a bit more on rationalization which is offering a good space for the outsourcing work. And again we benefit from the diversity of our global delivery network and we can come with our clients and we’d like to mention that you need to be sometime a little bit more balanced and subtle in the way you're driving outsourcing in Europe. With respect to the different nationalities labor market and environment and so the mix it's more that the right sourcing and the smart sourcing with the good mix of onshore, offshore and with benefit of Accenture providing a very diverse global delivery and what will of course resources on an offshore standpoint especially in India and the Philippine, but as well a network of near shore centers which is helping us to get to what we believe is the right sourcing approach for our clients. So, I am feeling extremely confident and based on the result of outsourcing business in Europe is doing well.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you to all of you. Thanks a lot for taking the time and participating to our call today. As you’ve seen with half of the fiscal year been it's clear that we have built strong momentum in our business and it's clear as well that we’re gaining significant market share. We are seeing clearly the return on the investments we’ve made, particularly in digital and operations and we will continue to execute our growth strategy to bring innovative and differentiated services to the marketplace. In closing, I want to thank the 323,000 women and men of Accenture for their dedication, their passion and their commitment to delivering value for our clients each and every day in the marketplace. Thank you to all of you. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter, in the meantime if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC, all the best to all of you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for a replay after 10.30 today through June 25th. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 353090. International participants may dial 320-365-3844 and those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 again entering the access code is 353090. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-12-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Managing Director, Head of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Lisa Ellis - Sanford Bernstein Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen good morning, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture’s First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Head of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you Tom and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned I am KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2015. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site at accenture.com. As always Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter and I am extremely pleased with our results. Our revenue growth was broad based including strong growth in both consulting and outsourcing as well as double-digit local currency growth in four of our five operating groups. We expanded operating margin, delivered double-digit EPS growth and returned substantial cash to our shareholders. Our very strong results demonstrate that we’re executing a growth strategy that is both highly relevant to our clients and highly differentiating for our country. David will provide more detail in a moment but here are a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered new bookings of $7.7 billion in line with our expectations. We grew revenues 10% in local currency gaining significant market share. We delivered outstanding earnings per share of $1.29 a 12% increase. We delivered operating margin of 15% to 20 basis point expansion. We generated very strong free cash flow of $821 million and continued to have a rock solid balance sheet ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4.5 billion. And we returned $1.3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual dividend of $1.2 per share, a 10% increase over our previous year. So we are off to a very good start in fiscal year ‘15 and we have raised our outlook for revenue growth for the full fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you Pierre happy holidays to all of you and thank you for joining us on today’s call. As you heard in Pierre’s comments we delivered a very strong first quarter building further in the momentum that we established in the second half of last year. Just a few months ago at our investor analyst day I outlined our focus on three imperatives for delivering shareholder value and certainly our quarter one results and the updated guidance that I will provide shortly illustrate our ability to manage and drive our business in a differentiated way. So before I get into the details let’s look at our results in the context of the three imperatives. Starting with durable revenue growth we expanded our business by over $500 million in the quarter with 10% growth in local currency. We had positive growth across all operating groups with four of the five achieving double-digit growth, strong balanced growth across all three geographic areas and the highest growth rates in over two years in both consulting and outsourcing. With respect to sustainable margin expansion we expanded operating margin by 20 basis points while at the same time investing in our business. The actions that we put in place during the second half of last year are yielding results and while optimizing profitability requires an ongoing relentless focus, we’re very encouraged by the progress we’ve made in recent quarters.  And finally regarding strong cash flow and disciplined capital allocation we generated over 800 million in free cash flow and delivered roughly 1.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. With that said let’s now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were 7.7 billion with consulting bookings of 3.9 billion and a book to bill of 0.9 and outsourcing bookings of 3.8 billion and a book to bill of 1.0. This level of new bookings is consistent with what we signaled on the September earnings call that bookings would be lighter in quarter one and then build throughout the year. We’re pleased with the composition of our new bookings specifically with the portion of our new bookings which we expect to be recognized as revenues this fiscal year which improved our revenue visibility and supported increasing our revenue guidance for the full year. We see positive trends in our overall pipeline and are well positioned to deliver a higher level of bookings in the second quarter. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were 7.9 billion, an increase of 7% U.S. dollars and 10% local currency, reflecting a negative 3% FX impact compared to the negative 2% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. On both an FX adjusted and unadjusted basis, we were well above the top end of our guided range. Consulting revenues for the quarter were 4.1 billion, up 4% in USD and 7% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were 3.8 billion, up 11% in USD and 14% in local currency. Before I cover the operating groups, let me provide some insight on the primary drivers of our growth in the quarter. Digital related services continue to be a growth engine and contributed very significantly to our overall growth with strong results across the board and Accenture Analytics, Accenture Mobility and Accenture Interactive. Operations and application services were also highlights in the quarter. Operations generated double digit growth in both the BPO and infrastructure services and we saw strong growth in application services as well. Looking at the operating groups, we were very pleased with the 15% growth in communications, media and technology. Overall growth was broad based driven by strong double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing across all three industries and in North America and the growth markets. Digital related services, cost optimization and continued execution of large transformational projects were the primary drivers of growth. In H&PS the 13% growth in the quarter was led by very significant growth in our health business, particularly in the public sector driven by our work with federal health clients, state health exchanges and Medicaid related work. Digital related services were also a strong growth driver across H&PS. Financial services grew 11% led by banking and capital markets globally with particularly strong growth in Europe. Clients continue to be focused on three main areas; risk and regulatory, cost optimization and digital related services, especially in distribution and marketing. Products, our largest operating group, delivered 10% growth driven by double digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing and another quarter of broad based strength across all industries and geographic areas. digital and cost optimization were significant areas of focus for clients in this operating group as well and application services was also a driver with strength in ERP related work. Resources grew 2%, up from last quarter, as we continue to be pleased with the progress we’re making in positioning for sustained positive growth this year. Ongoing challenges in natural resources continued to offset growth in the other three industries, most notably, chemicals, where we had significant double digit growth. Cost optimization is a dominant theme across resources, which has resulted in strong demand for operations and application services. Moving down to income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 32.2% compared with 33.3% for the same period last year, down 110 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.5% of net revenues compared with 12.6% of net revenues for the first quarter last year, down 110 basis points. General and administrative expense was 5.6% of net revenues compared with 6.1% of net revenues for the first quarter last year, down 50 basis points. Operating income was $1.2 billion for the first quarter, reflecting a 15% operating margin, up 20 basis points compared with quarter one of last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%, equal to the effective tax rate for the same period last year. Net income was $892 million for the first quarter compared with $812 million for the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.29 compared with EPS of $1.15 in the first quarter last year. This reflects a 12% year-over-year increase. Turning to DSOs, or days services outstanding, continue to be insulating. There were 37 days, up from 36 days last quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was $821 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $873 million, net of property and equipment additions of $52 million. Cash flows in the quarter were positively impacted by shift in the timing of a portion of compensation payments, which were paid in quarter one in prior years and beginning this year will be paid in quarter two with no impact to full year cash flow. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at November 30th was 4.5 billion compared with 4.9 billion at August 31st and reflects our share repurchases this quarter in addition to higher dividends we paid in November. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 319,000 people and we now have approximately 218,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter one our utilization was 91% we’ve updated the methodology we used to calculate our utilization metric to include all billable headcount. This change increased utilization by about 3% and accounts for the increase from quarter four. Attrition which excludes in voluntary terminations was 13% compared to 15% quarter four and 11% in the same period last year. Lastly we now expected at least 19,000 will join our company in fiscal ’15.  Turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the first quarter we’ve repurchased redeemed approximately 8.4 million shares for $670 million at an average price of $80.25 per share. At November 30 we had approximately $4.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  Also in November we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of [$1.02] [ph] per share for a total $679 million. This represented a $0.09 or 10%, over the dividend we paid in May.  So in summary, we’re off to an excellent start in fiscal 2015. That said, the environment continues to be challenging which requires that we manage our business with rigor and discipline each and every day which we are committed to doing. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme : Thank you David. At our Investor and Analyst Conference in October we provided an update on our growth strategy including the investments we’ve made and the actions we’ve taken to make [indiscernible] Accenture even more relevant, differentiated and competitive in the marketplace and our excellent result this quarter demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy across the different dimensions of our business and that we are growing significantly relative to market.  Let me share with you a few example of the outcome based work we are doing for our clients, as well as some key investments and initiatives we have announced recently.  In Accenture Strategy our unique approached combining business strategy and technology strategy is resonating well we see with executive. A great example is the work we are doing with one of the largest bank in Canada where our industry expels our designing and implementing a global technology strategy to drive 20% ongoing annual savings by optimizing the bank's portfolio of applications.  In Accenture Digital we continue to invest to expand our capabilities in Accenture Interactive to better serve Chief Marketing Officers. Earlier this month we announced acquisition of Reactive Media one of the Australia’s leading independent digital agencies. Reactive specializes in creating differentiated customer experiences through digital channels such as apps, and e-commerce websites. And we are benefiting from the investment we have made to enhance our capabilities in Accenture Analytics. We are working with a European auto company to include forecasting, pricing and promotion towards thousands of parts across 18 countries. We are leveraging our [strategy] [ph] in supply chain analytics and the spare part app from our recent i4C acquisition to help our clients drive $65 million in new path revenue.  In Accenture Technology we just announced a major strategic initiative with Microsoft to drive enterprise cloud adoption. The Accenture hybrid class solution for Microsoft Azure will provide a new wave for our clients to transform to a truly enterprise wide hybrid cloud environment. The unique solution is being co-engineered across Accenture, Microsoft and Avanade our joint venture to bring new capabilities and innovation to our enterprise clients.  In Application Services we continue to compete to win by providing our clients with the very best technology services at the most competitive cost.  We recently expanded our relationship with the long standing clients in resources to drive an IT transformation to enable greater business agility. We are managing more than 200 ERP, data and digital applications across a wide range of platforms leveraging the capabilities of our global delivery network in India, The United States, Spain, Brazil and Costa Rica. And finally in Accenture Operations the capabilities we’ve built were key to a recent win with a global automotive client. We are operating it end to end marketing service across multiple brands and markets by combining our industry expertise with our strategy, digital, analytics and operations capabilities we are helping transformed the company's digital marketing and increase digital sales.  I am also very pleased that in capital markets we signed our second client for Accenture post trade processing. Our industry business service to manage securities operation for investment banks which we created a year ago with Societe Generale as our first client. Turning to the geographic dimension of our business. I am very pleased with the balanced growth we delivered in the first quarter across all three regions. In North America we grew revenues 12% in local currency. Our business in the United States continues to perform extremely well with strong double-digit revenue growth in the quarter. In Europe despite the continued challenging economic environment we grew revenues 9% in local currency driven by double-digit growth in Germany, Italy, France and Norway. And in our gross markets we delivered revenue growth of 9% in local currency. I am very pleased that Brazil is back, with strong double-digit growth and we continue to perform very well in Japan with another quarter of double-digit growth and I am also pleased with our strong growth in Australia. So we see very good momentum in our business and have delivered an excellent first quarter on top of a strong second half of fiscal year ‘14. At the same time we are monitoring carefully the macroeconomic environment the significant fold in global oil prices since last June, could boost growth in the global economy but also create a more challenging environment for companies in the energy sector and certainly contributes to greater uncertainty and volatility in the marketplace. We continue to operate in a fast changing environment driven by so much disruption and in this context we see significant opportunity and demand for Accenture’s highly relevant and differentiated services.  To capture additional market share and drive sustainable profitable growth we will continue to leverage our strong client relationship, our deep industry expertise, our unique position in the technology ecosystem, our broad global footprint and even more important, the passion of our 319,000 men and women of Accenture. With that I will turn the call over to David to provide our updated business outlook for fiscal year ‘15. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thanks Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter fiscal ‘15 we expect revenues to be in the range of 7.25 billion to 7.50 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be a negative 5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal year ‘15 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 5% compared to fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ‘15 we now expect our net revenues to be in the range of 5% to 8% in local currency over fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal year ‘15 we continue to expect new bookings to be in the range of $34 billion to $36 billion. For operating margin we continue to expect fiscal year ‘15 to be 14.4% to 14.6% a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ’14 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For earnings per share we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ‘15 to be in the range of $4.66 to $4.80 or 3% to 6% growth over fiscal ‘14 results. Absent the higher FX headwind which impacts EPS by $0.14 our EPS range would have increased by $0.06 driven by the higher revenue growth range.  Now turning to cash flow for the full fiscal ‘15 we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of 3.95 billion to 4.25 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately 450 million and free cash flow to be in the range of 3.5 billion to 3.8 billion. Finally we continue to expect to return at least 3.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted share outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that let’s open it up so that we can take your questions. KC.
KC McClure: Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Tom would you provide instructions for those in the call please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Tien-Tsin Huang representing JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I guess I was surprise to see you increase your revenue growth guidance this early in the fiscal year on characteristic; it’s good obviously but just sounds like faster booking conversion if I heard that correctly. Is that a structural change that could persist here for few quarters? Or is this more of a temporary phenomenon that we should consider?
David Rowland: Certainly the composition of our bookings in the first quarter was an influence of the 10% growth and as I commented Tien-Tsin you and others have heard me reference previously what I refer to as annual contract value. So it’s the portion of our total bookings or the total contract value that converts to revenue in the fiscal year and we were very pleased with that number in the first quarter. And really that’s been a trend that we’ve seen really going even to the back half of last year as our growth went from 7% as you know in the third quarter to 8% in the fourth quarter.  And you’ve also heard me mention that as important as the larger transformational projects are to us, we also have been focusing our client teams more on thinking about the annual contract value of the work that we sell and deliver to clients. And I think we see some of that reflected in the growth in the first quarter and also in the second half of last year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: And my follow up then just I know that you didn’t update your bookings forecast despite the big FX headwind. So, I know it’s a really wide range. But is that effectively ways in constant currency bookings to try to better tie that to the constant currency revenue comments? Thanks.
David Rowland: It is just mathematically it’s effectively arranged for the reasons you’re pointing out. I mean, on the bookings front, we feel very good about our pipeline. We are only one quarter into the year. We still think that the 34 to 36 range is the right range for us to be focused on. And for that reason we didn’t change it even though the FX did change.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go to line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso: I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on the impact of oil prices both on the positive side where you think you would see it and also on the negative side within your energy sector? And maybe talk a little bit about what your clients -- you're seeing them react at this point are they reacting already? Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: This is Pierre I will pick up that one. As we speak and we comment almost as of today, we’ve not yet seen any form of significant impact in our business with what’s happening. I believe that these big organizations in energy, oil and gas are just watching the situation. It has been very volatile this last few weeks and I guess our clients in these companies are waiting a bit to understand whether there is going to be some form of stabilization and when you have some form of stabilization you can stop executing your strategy. But as we speak we're not seeing any different pattern with our clients and I would characterize my dialog as being in a watching mode not panicking.
Edward Caso: Now that the energy vertical I believe is about 6%. Is it long term -- can you give us a sense for what the mix is consulting versus outsourcing? And how quickly if your clients get more nervous it could get dial back?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, if you look at it, I guess, it’s not going to be very different from the mix of Accenture from consulting and outsourcing standpoint. So, indeed, a good portion of the business going to be around outsourcing contract with long term commitment. As you know, we have even some clients where we are doing a business process outsourcing operations a very large and important client where we are doing finance and accounting. So these are kind of portion where which are contracted for long term and which are of course mission critical for the clients. So to answer your question the level of vulnerability would be more around the short-term consulting project and so forth, which would be a part of this 6%. So I guess that would probably impact something like a portion of 3%, if you will.
Edward Caso: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to line of Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Essex: Good morning and thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you circle back a little bit more or less [ACV] and tremendous [indiscernible] my math wrong tremendous employee headcount growth in the quarter. When I look at that relative to software bookings although it’s higher conversion rates how much visibility do you have in the headcount and maybe you can help give us a little bit of color in terms of where you’re hiring and the mix of hiring given that revenue per head has been down little bit. What is the visibility that we’ve got aggressive [indiscernible] growth?
David Rowland: First of all, just in terms of visibility and how that influences our supply planning. I mean, first of all, as you know, we are very effective at managing the supply side of our business. It’s a core competency of ours. And we are managing, adjusting and tuning the supply side including hiring daily if not hourly.  Now in terms of the growth in headcount, certainly and I think the tone of the comments hopefully indicated as much, we feel very good about our business. We exited last year with good momentum, that momentum translated into strong growth in the first quarter. It translated into a lower dollar value of booking but yet a very high quality of bookings with respect to how it will benefit revenue this year. And if you reflect on the guidance that we gave for the second quarter the upper end of that range is 10% in local currency. And so what all of that points to is confidence in our business and that underpins what we’re doing on the headcount front.  Now as it relates to headcount one of the many but important differentiating characteristics of Accenture is GDN and we continue to invest heavily in GDN including on the talent side. And so if you look at the recruiting that we did in the first quarter as you can see in the numbers its biased towards GDN but yet it’s important to recognize that we’re hiring in just about every geography around the world and we’re hiring meaningful numbers of people in all of our local markets. So I think the headcount just reflects the confidence that we have in our business.
Brian Essex: Okay and just as a follow up, is there any [deal] [ph] in particular that you’re -particularly excited about? I know at the Analyst Day appears pretty confident about BPO in Europe. Is that actually materializing now and you’re seeing greater traction in that deal particularly with regards to BPO and maybe impact longer term upside downside to your full year forecast?
Pierre Nanterme: Of course on the country I am most excited [indiscernible] no doubt. Where we add a quarter I would characterize that’s fabulous based on fact nothing to do with my nationality of course. But I am pleased with what’s happening. I am extremely pleased with the sustainability of our performance in the United States. It is very important it is the largest market of Accenture and it is I would say the global market where things are happening in our industry.  This is where things happening from a digital standpoint, from an innovation standpoint as well from a disruption standpoint from an energy standpoint we can comment all of this and it’s for us all goodness that we are doing so well in the U.S. We are gaining market share and it’s been the case now for with this last four years. So it's not the story of a quarter.  I am extraordinarily impressed with what we are doing in Europe and I am mentioning impressed because we all know that the economic contact and conditions in Europe are very different from the U.S and driving 9% local currency growth in the European market is very significant including growths in our most mature market. I mean growing in Italy double digital digit, growing in France double digit, growing in Germany double digit it’s a big achievement for Accenture and why we’ve been able to do that to get back to your first question, indeed we have these last couple of years we have excellent traction in outsourcing, application outsourcings and we’ve been able to evolve our portfolio of business to BPO and we have some very landmark deals specially in electronic and hi-tech in business process outsourcing but as well as in banking in Italy just to get two illustration explaining France and Italy and the good news I would say this quarter from a European standpoint is consulting is back which is demonstrating that our clients are starting to re-invest in consulting first in digital related services couldn’t be more pleased with our digital business at Accenture. I would characterize on flyer not being emphatic but as well we see good opportunities again back in big ERP.
Operator: We have a question from Lisa Ellis with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ellis: Can you describe in a little bit more detail I know you watch the book to bill number pretty closely. And now two quarters in a row like the consulting to book to bill is spend less than one and I know what your saying is that’s because the mix of those services are such they’re rolling through quicker. Can you just talk about that, is a conversion time or what exactly is going on under the covers their?
David Rowland: Yes I guess just couple of thoughts. First of all as you know Lisa watching our business the bookings as we’ve always said probably said a thousand times the bookings can be lumpy across the quarters. And I think some of what you see this quarter is lumpiness I mean sometimes it’s really an insignificant difference as to whether or not we close let’s say one or two larger deals the last week of the quarter or the first week of the next quarter. It’s really just a timing issue. I will say by the way if I’ll just take this opportunity to point out that in the quarter we did have six clients with bookings over a $100 million and that’s a healthy number by any one standard but for us it’s a little bit lighter than what we’ve seen in some quarters in the last four to six. And so that was an influencing factor in the first quarter. Nonetheless we very pleased with the quality of what we sold as I said.  And so we don’t read anything through in terms of the fact that we had several very strong quarters, last quarter was a little bit lighter, this quarter as I characterized it, but yet if you look at our guidance range for the full year and if you just do the math then that tells you kind of what we’re thinking about in terms of kind of on average what our bookings would be for the next three quarters and of course that would put the bookings right back in the sweet spot of our book to bills. So if I go to where you stared we still focus very much on the book to bill metric of 1.0 to 1.1 for consulting and at least 1.2 for outsourcing but that doesn’t mean that hit it every quarter and when we don’t hit it every quarter we’re not worried about that we’re really focused on how we perform against those metrics really over kind of a multi quarter period. And I think for this fiscal year you’ll see it play out in a way that the book to bills will look normal to you if you will.
Lisa Ellis: And then just one real quick follow up. I know you always talk about don’t focus on the operating margin number and not the distinction between gross margin versus net, because expenses kind of fall in a different bucket. But I an environment we’ve been increasing mix of consulting, I was sort of surprise to see that the gross margins continued to decline I would have I guess that would be the other way around. Can you just talk a little bit about that dynamic?
David Rowland: Absolutely and I would have been disappointed Lisa had you not asked that question. Hey it’s a good question and at the risk of being redundant I am just going to anchor back to some of the things [indiscernible], but I’ll give you some nuggets for the quarter as well. And so just for the benefit of everyone who's listening, we do really focus on operating margin. And at the end of the day what we really focus on at the highest level is driving a business that are payroll cost and are non-payroll cost evolve in a way that supports margin expansion. And so if you look at payroll as an example we’re much more concerned about the overall efficiency of the payroll, then we are the portion of the payroll that is reflected in sales and marketing versus cost of services at any particular point in time. I think maybe if I stay at the level that is appropriate, let me just point out a couple of things on gross margins. The first thing is and this is little bit of the dynamics that you have to understand is that our contract profitability actually was up year-over-year. So this is not an issue but this is not in gross margin driven by contract profitability pressures in the quarter. So what is it then? Well we have a lot of other cost that go into gross margin. We have recruiting cost; we’re hiring a lot of people in the first quarter. We have training costs, when we hire people we train them. We have types of our investments show up in gross margin, I characterized that what we’re focused on is investing in our business while at the same time growing revenue and expanding profit. So you have other things like other components of payroll variable comp as you know shows up in gross margin. So there are many factors that show up in gross margin to the root of your question it was not contract profitability, contract profitability increased and operating margin increased overall at 20 basis points and that’s what we’re all about.
Operator: And we will go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I guess a couple of questions on revenues. One is with regards to the contribution of acquisitions to this quarter. Of you could talk about that and then not a related question but also revenue question? How do you get the FX headwind of 5%? And maybe I mean I am getting 3.5%, you guys are doing a pretty good job of telling us what the revenue mix is. So I am kind of wondering if maybe use FX as a part of being conservative overall given the uncertainty of rates.
David Rowland: Yes, so let me just start off with on the inorganic piece. I think last quarter I said that it would be around 1%, 1.5% for the year. And quarter one was clearly in that zone, which means the simple extrapolation is that most of our growth was organically driven. And so when you look at the 10% in the context of what I just said, it’s another indicator of the health of our business.  Ashwin on the FX we go through a process and it’s been a process we’ve done for as long as I can remember which is probably back to the first quarter of being a public company. We do a process where we look at the rates on a daily basis in the two to three weeks leading up to the earnings call and we look at what the trends are in the most recent two to three weeks. I mean there is -- it’s really more -- it’s objectively driven. We don’t try to speculate on what rates might do going forward. And if you look at the objective analytics based on the distribution of our currencies and we have the rates have trended then you come up with a solid 5%. And I just say it’s a solid 5%.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. And maybe we can take that one up offline. But the second question I have is with regards to margins and you just went through on the previous question pretty good description of the various cost and such. But the margin improvement of 20 basis points I am kind of curious as you look at it and you look at your forward bookings what’s in your pipeline in other words, one of the factors that have got to be helping you on a forward looking basis. Is that your mix has gone from 46% consulting to 50% consulting? But also you’ve hiring so many people in regards to GDN which should presumably be able to help margins. My perception has also been based on my checks that the strong digital and mobility type work that comes through is higher margin. So I am really curious what’s been on the operating margin basis, what’s the offset that gets you to 20 basis points? I’d expect you guys do 30, 40 basis points.
David Rowland: So that was a statement or question? 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: The last five words were a question.
David Rowland: Again, we are managing our business to drive sustainable margin expansion in the 20 to 30 basis point range. And as part of that, critically important as we’re committed to investing in our business which includes investing in our people, we balance those things in the context of our results to deliver as predictably as we can in that 10 to 30 basis point range and we landed at 20. And so that’s it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay, any color on this start-up cost turn some of the BPO things you signed? I mean any other color?
David Rowland: Not really and nothing to add beyond what I’ve said there is.
Operator: Our next question is from Moshe Katri with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri: Thanks. Just not to be the [horse] [ph] here going by the discussion on margins I think [Technical Difficulty] went up by a couple 100 basis points, I think to 300 basis point. Again how does it reconcile with the drop in gross margins. I mean it’s a pretty big expansion in the [indiscernible] I didn’t say attrition I meant to say utilization rates, I think went up to 91%. How does it reconcile with the gross margin drops during the quarter? Thanks.
David Rowland: Thanks for the question and I guess maybe opportunity to reiterate something that I’ve said in the script because it’s an important point to understand. So you are aware that starting a few quarters ago that we with our headcount reporting we now have billable headcount as a line item. We have aligned the billable headcount with the utilization metric more directly. And as a result of that, so what does that mean? That means that we’ve now included people in the utilization metric that are typically people who are working on outsourcing contracts that previously were excluded. So they’re now included in that metric which the change increased our utilization to 91%, 3%. Absent that change, the utilization effectively did not change at all. So the utilization is really just -- we redefined how we report utilization to include all billable headcount which I think is going to be easier for certainly for us and for the outside world going forward.
Moshe Katri: That does make sense. And then just briefly we’ve [Technical Difficulty] pointed to a weaker sentiment and over extended budget cycle as those financial services vertical. Does that sign any -- I mean is it something that you guys are doing out there? Can you give us any color on that?
KC McClure: Moshe, this is KC, I'm sorry, we’re having a tough time hearing you, you’re breaking up a little bit.
David Rowland: Which vertical were you asking about?
Moshe Katri: FS, financial services.
KC McClure: Did you just want a little color on financial services?
Moshe Katri: What I said was that a survey point to weaker spending sentiment and over extended budget cycle in financial services vertical and I am asking if you guys can comment on that? Are you seeing any of this in your business? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean on financial services, double digit growth is I mean this quarter when we look at the growth this year the growth was quite well balanced. So when I look at this I would say things are going well. We have growth in outsourcing, good growth in consulting back again in financial services. And going pretty well across the board so I do not see anything specific in financial services and this last two quarters we’ve been driving good growth with that vertical and we feel good about it including and I am taking the opportunity as I mentioned in my presentation we have our second client joining Accenture post trade servicing the unique capability in BPO where we are providing post trade services [indiscernible] we have our second client. So I think our new services are getting even more traction.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning so I have just a couple quick ones. Your business now is 20% or more in digital and cloud based solutions and I am just wondering more specifically when we think about the types of revenue that you're recognizing within that, is that really what’s driving your visibility and improved trajectory and then ultimately kind of the margin trajectory are we seeing at the operating line or is there something else and it also seems as though that business is now bigger than your legacy ERP and I am wondering if that’s giving you better visibility to the future. Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at our drivers for growth and related to the presentation we made in the IA day, we had two plus one, clearly digital related services are a business where we invested significantly as you saw seven years and when we are getting a very significant return. As we mentioned our digital related services are in the range of the $5 billion and indeed are growing in excess of 20%.  So indeed it is an engine for growth. This is what that was supposed to be. We invested a lot organic or through some very targeted acquisitions as you remember the [indiscernible] equity, the avVenta, more recently i4C or this acquisition we made in Australia with a Reactive Media and we will continue to do so. And indeed it is for us very important investment source of growth because this is where the market is turning to.  I mean the second big engine for growth is what we characterize as everything related to rationalization of the operation for our clients which is resonating very well with our business in operations. And no surprise our business in operations, this business is growing double digit growth, so in access of 10%. And here you have two clear engines for growth, very sustainable, very strong and again when I look at operations it’s not by surprise we invested heavily in some acquisition and if you take procurement [every about] [ph] few years ago and more recently procurement.  And the third one when I said two plus one because this one is more lumpy, as David would say is around the large scale transformation programs. So every year we have a number of large scale transactions because this is the specialty of Accenture and we benefit from these three engines for growth. So we will continue moving forward to invest both in digital and both in our rationalization capability to do well especially around the applications how we see growing double digit and operations growing double digit and we will continue having our large scale transformation programs.
Dan Perlin: The other thing I just wanted to touch on. You mentioned that the ERP is kind of an opportunity you’re coming back and I wanted to make sure there was a clarification point. Are you talking about your partnerships now with cloud based ERP implementation or just legacy ERP and then if it’s legacy, can you just talk a little about what’s the nature behind that now? Would you think that would be shifting away from that? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: Both. We are extremely pleased with the traction we are getting and if I had to mention one, we are already leading on HANA implementation with SAP on a global basis. So the new ERP HANA based solution cloud enable and we already the number one in implementing the solution to marketplace that we see as well. The more classic legacy ERP to support the global expansion on very large clients and I have in mind two or three recent situations where we’ve been winning some very significant ERP in finance and accounting, in supply chain to support the transformation and the expansion of leading global groups. And for these groups you need the more classic I would say backbone that might around [the record] [ph], that might be around SAP or that might be around Microsoft.  And we see a few coming yet back again and as we speak at least I have three illustration in mind coming in Europe for very large global group and very large ERP. So we’re pleased with that business. Of course the digital related services are high per growth, are driving the growth and this is where we are investing. But we are pleased with where we are with our ERP business which has been stabilizing this last quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg : So maybe just two finally put the gross margin questions to back. I think all that extra color around the different buckets of cost on the COGS lines was very helpful. But given that there are these other buckets of cost outside of underlying core contract profitability, are you basically telling us that the trend of year-over-year decline in gross margin will probably continue because of pressure from those other areas? Or do you think that we’re closer to sort of a stabilization point in terms of year-over-year trend in gross margin. And the reason I ask and again I appreciate the focus on operating margin but just so that we get the models kind of tuned right and may mitigate the need for other questions like this in the future.
David Rowland: I think and by the way I appreciate these questions because I know what you’re trying to do in connecting the dots. I mean what I would say is that I am not going to comment specifically on gross margin guidance, because we really got to operating margin. But what I’ll say is that if you look at contract profitability as a factor, we are forever focused on improving our contract profitability over time. And that will be an objective for the remainder of this year just as it hits an objective every year. And so we’re always focused in challenging our teams to improve the profitability of the portfolio of contracts that we’re doing in our business. The other thing when you said would be a headwind or would be a drag, again some of these things are investments and we wouldn’t view that as a negative thing if it’s in the context of expanding operating margin. And so I am not suggesting that we just completely ignore, we do look at the functional areas within our GAAP P&L but what we’re really managing to as operating margin and if we’re expanding contract profitability, let’s say investing more or rewarding our people more or whatever the element maybe in gross margin and at the same time expanding operating margin. That’s all by design. We’re not solving to expand gross margin, we’re solving to expand operating margin and fundamentally underneath that we are focused on improving the profitability of the work we do with clients and then we’re also solving for investing more in our business and in the context of those things driving operating margin expansion. If we do that, that’s what’s most important.
Jason Kupferberg : And just a shift to the topline which was obviously really strong here and you did talk about the increased visibility leading to the uptick and the guidance range. So I know in the past you had given some actual percentages in terms of the percent of your revenue target for the full year that’s actually under contract. And I was just wondering if you could give us where you stand on that percentage now versus maybe where you were a year ago.
David Rowland: We really got away from giving that number because it was one that we found was creating more confusion than it was helpful. So I won’t give a specific number but I’ll just characterize that we have a very good position with our contracted revenues. And they are very well positioned relative to the revenue guidance range; let me put it that way. And again as we have been focused more and more on our annual contract value that certainly gives us better contracted revenue visibility in the fiscal year.
KC McClure: Tom we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: So in the quarter the 10% constant currency revenue growth was a few points above the guided range. And for the past few years we’ve didn’t see Accenture really beat its current quarter range much. So I guess what would you point to that cause the upside surprise in the given quarter?
David Rowland: Look, truthfully it was broad based; I think that it wasn’t one thing. It was really better performance across our five operating groups than what we had assumed even what we had assumed when we provided the guidance as we were working to be at the upper end. And I think as Pierre said, digital the level of growth in digital is just extremely strong. We had assumed it would be strong, it’s very strong digital, operations, app services, those are all drivers and we saw elements of that across all five operating groups. And really you could say across all three areas. So it was broad based. 
Pierre Nanterme: But you know it's one close that for me is standing apart and which is probably over achieving and even taking out by surprise and this is good news is all about digital related services. This is a way we decided to ride, there is a strong trend we want to take leader position, we like Accenture Digital, we are now evaluated by the Governor at the largest and the number one organization providing digital related services. And in excess of 20% growth, it has probably taken us a little bit by surprise and this is a kind of surprise we love.
Bryan Keane: And then just on the pricing front. I think it was three quarters ago you kind of put a scare through the market talking about pricing pressure and application work. It doesn’t really seem to be -- I can’t see in the numbers. So can you just comment that on that and then just lastly as a bonus question since some last resources, so what are you expecting? Do you expect that vertical to get weaker in your guidance or do you expect it to maintain its growth? Thanks so much.
David Rowland: Let me just work backwards, on resources our Chief Executive of the Resources is still very much focused on driving growth for the year and we’ve made a lot of progress and we should acknowledge that team’s efforts and what they’ve done to position the business going forward. So that continues to be our goal. But yet we have a close eye, very close eye, on energy obviously. What was the other question? On pricing, pricing is stable. We’ve actually been pleased with -- I think I can say we’ve been pleased with the pricing trends in the recent few quarters. I am just going to characterize it as stable with some strength in certain areas of our business. But overall, stable. But obviously in an environment that continues to be very-very competitive.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you. Thanks a lot for the good question and thanks David as well. So, thanks again for joining us on today’s call. With the first quarter behind us and given the very strong momentum in our business, I feel confident about our ability to deliver our revised business outlook. Moving forward, we will continue to look at opportunities to invest in differentiated capabilities, to position Accenture for growth and success in the marketplace and continue gaining market share. I want to wish everyone on today’s call a very happy holiday season and best wishes for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions please feel free to call KC. All the best. Happy holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting at 10.30 AM this morning and running through March 26 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 34557, that number again is 800-475-6701 please enter the access code of 34557. International participants may dial 320-365-3844 and again the access code is 34557. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-09-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Director of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO
Analysts:  Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. David Togut - Evercore Partners 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we would like to thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder today's conference call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host as well as your facilitators as well as our Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Steve, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2014 earnings announcement. As Steve just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning before David provides our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2015. We will then take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.  As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues.  Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call, including our business outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. As a reminder our results last year included benefits from final determinations of prior year U.S. Federal tax liabilities and a reduction in reorganization liabilities. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Starting with the quarter our strong revenue growth of 8% was broad-based across the different dimensions of our business and coming on top of our strong growth in Q3, enabled us to deliver an excellent second half of the year. For the full year we increased market share, generated record revenues and new bookings, grew EPS faster than revenues and generated strong cash flow, all while continuing to invest to further differentiate our business and delivering significant value for our clients and shareholders. David will provide more detail in a moment but here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $35.9 billion. We grew revenues 5% for the year; we delivered earning per share of $4.52, a 7% increase. We expanded operating margin 10 basis points to 13.3% -- 14.3%. We generated free cash flow of $3.2 billion and we continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the year with a cash balance of $4.9 billion. We returned $3.8 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we just announced our semi-annual cash dividend of $1.02 per share, which is a 10% increase over our prior dividend. Our performance in fiscal ’14 clearly demonstrate that we are executing very well against our strategy and given our strong growth in the second half of the year I am pleased with the momentum in our business as we enter the new fiscal year. Now let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Pierre and thanks all of you for joining us on today’s call. Let me start by saying that we were very pleased with our overall results in quarter four as they continue to reflect positive momentum in many areas of our business and clearly illustrate the relevance of our growth strategy and the yield we are getting from important investments we have made over the past two years. Before I get into the details I’d to highlight three aspects of our quarter four results which are particularly noteworthy. First, the most distinguishing aspect of our results was clearly the strong top line growth of 8%, exceeding our expectations and landing above the top end of our guided range for the quarter. Our revenue growth is underpinned by continued improved growth rates in many areas of our business, building further on the improvements we delivered in quarter three. And overall net revenue growth was at the highest levels we have seen since quarter four of fiscal ’12. Second, our profitability in quarter four came in as expected, yielding 10 basis points of expansion for the full year. It’s noteworthy that we achieved this result while taking actions to continue to align our headcount and labor cost in certain parts of our business. We are pleased with the progress we are making to better position our profitability going forward. Third, we generated strong cash flow of $1.5 billion in the quarter, putting us at the upper end of our previously guided annual range and of course we continue to return significant cash to shareholders while at the same time investing in our business. So we are very pleased with the quarter and in fact more broadly with our strong performance in the second half of the year. With that said let’s now turn to some of the details starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were $8.3 billion resulting in $35.9 billion in new bookings for the full fiscal year which was at the very top of the business outlook range provided in June and represents an all-time high in annual new bookings. Consulting bookings were $3.9 billion, with a book-to-bill of 1.0. Outsourcing bookings were $4.4 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.2. Taking a closer look at our new bookings there are several additional points worth nothing. For the fourth consecutive quarter consulting bookings landed within our target book-to-bill range and reflected good demand for systems integration and management consulting. For the year consulting bookings of $17.1 billion were the highest ever with management consulting and systems integration both achieving a strong 1.1 book to bill and technology consulting also delivering a solid year at 1.0. We continue to be pleased with another quarter of solid outsourcing bookings. Results in technology outsourcing reflected an uptick compared to quarter three and BPO bookings continue to reflect healthy demand. Also there were a number of record highs with our new bookings results in fiscal ’14, in both consulting and outsourcing and in outsourcing, particularly in BPO which had a 1.7 book to bill, CMT Financial Services and H&PS set record highs as well. And finally we continued our track record of winning large transformational projects with nine clients with bookings in access of $100 million bringing the total for the year to 39. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $7.8 billion, an increase of 10% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency, reflecting a positive 1.5% FX impact, consistent with the assumption provided in June. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4 billion, up 6% in USD and 4% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.8 billion, up 15% in USD and 13% in local currency. Looking broadly at the major drivers of growth in the quarter outsourcing was a highlight coming in even stronger than we expected driven by strength in both BPO and technology outsourcing. In addition, we continued to be pleased with the strong contribution of our digital-related services to our overall growth.  Turning to the operating groups, the momentum in communications, media and technology continued with 12% growth, the highest in ten quarters. Broad-based growth was driven by three notable areas, E&HT, outsourcing in the Americas. In Products, the 12% growth was broad-based across all industries and in both consulting and outsourcing. H&PS grew 9% in the quarter, coming from both public service and more notably Health, where we continue to deliver double digit growth in consulting and outsourcing.  Financial Services grew 8%, up from last quarter led by very strong growth in outsourcing and within our banking and capital markets industries. Resources was flat in quarter four and while we still have some work to do we were encouraged by progress in several areas. We had growth in three of the four industries while natural resources continues to be challenged globally. Moving down the income statement gross margin for the quarter was 31.7% compared with 33.2% for the same period last year, down a 150 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.8% of net revenue compared with 12.6% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year, down 80 basis points. G&A expense was 6.1% of net revenues, compared with 6.7% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year, down 60 basis points.  Operating income was $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter reflecting a 13.9% operating margin equal to the operating margin for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.1% compared with 24.6% for the fourth quarter last year. The higher rate in the fourth quarter was primarily due to lower benefits related to the final determinations of prior year tax -- of prior year liabilities and a higher level of reserve additions.  Net income was $760 million for the fourth quarter compared with $727 million for the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were a $1.08 compared with EPS of a $1.01 in the fourth quarter last year. This reflects a 7% year-over-year increase and includes a negative impact of $0.09 from a higher tax rate this quarter. Turning to DSOs our days services outstanding continue to be industry leading. They were 36 days, up from 35 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.6 billion, net of property and equipment additions of a $101 million. Moving to our level of cash, our cash balance at August 31 was $4.9 billion compared with $5.6 billion at August 31 last year. The current level reflects the cash returned to shareholders through repurchase and dividends as well as the acquisitions we made in fiscal ’14.  Moving to some other key operational metrics we hired approximately 80,000 people in fiscal ’14 ending the year with a global headcount of more than 305,000 and we now have over 205,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter four our utilization was 88% consistent with last quarter, Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations was 15%, up from both quarter three and the same period last year.  Now turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders; in the fourth quarter we repurchased or redeemed approximately 8.2 million shares for $658 million at an average price of $80.36 per share. For the full year we repurchased or redeemed 32.6 million for $2.6 billion at an average price of $78.52 per share. Finally, as Pierre mentioned our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of a $1.02 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 17 and represents a $0.09 per share or 10% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March.  So before I turn things back over to Pierre let me just briefly reflect on where we landed for the full year across the key elements of our business outlook. Again new bookings were $35.9 billion at the top end of our guided range. Net revenues grew 5% in local currency for the full year, at the top end of our most recent guided range and in the upper end of the range provided at the beginning of the year. As a reminder fiscal '13 we had two unusual items that impacted certain metrics. The following year-over-year comparisons exclude those impacts and use fiscal '13 adjusted results. Operating margin was 14.3%, within the guided range we provided at the beginning of the year and spot on the guidance we provided most recently. EPS was $4.52 at the midpoint of our most recent guided range and at the upper end of the range provided at the beginning of the year and reflects 7% growth over fiscal '13, consistent with our objective of growing EPS faster than revenue. Free cash flow was a rounded $3.2 billion, at the upper end of our previously guided range and at the low end of the range provided at the beginning of the year. And then finally we've returned approximately $3.8 billion of cash to shareholders, more than $100 million above our initial objective through $2.6 billion in repurchases and $1.3 billion in dividend payments. In addition we reduced our weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 3%.  So, reflecting on the business outlook we provided at the beginning of the year we successfully managed our business and delivered on each metric with several of the metrics landing in the upper end of the range. We're pleased with the overall improvement we saw in our results in the second half of the year, especially the acceleration in growth we signaled one year ago. Now let me turn it back over to Pierre. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our performance for the fiscal year, especially the strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter and second half of the year demonstrates that we are executing the right growth strategy. We are providing relevant and highly differentiated services that are clearly resonating with the needs of our clients. And we are gaining market share in an environment that continues to be very demanding and highly competitive. In fiscal year '14 we made significant investments in our business, including $740 million in acquisition and we aligned our organization to be even more relevant, differentiated and competitive in the marketplace. We've created Accenture Strategy, a unique capability and the first in the market to bring together business strategy and technology strategy equally and at scale. We created Accenture Digital by combining our market leading capabilities in Accenture Interactive, Accenture Analytics and Accenture Mobility.  We now have more than 28,000 professionals working in Accenture Digital, making it the world's largest end-to-end digital capability. We formed Accenture operations by bringing together our market leading business process capabilities with our infrastructure and cloud services, to offer our clients an even more compelling value proposition, running key operations as a service and at scale. In Accenture Technology we further enhanced our global delivery network, recruiting significant talent and investing to build intelligent tools to increase efficiency and productivity. We continued to harness innovation through our technology labs and to play a leading role in the technology ecosystem. And we infused even more talent into our five operating groups which together serve clients in more than 40 industries, further strengthening our management and technology consulting capabilities. Our people in the operating groups orchestrate and bring together the very best of Accenture across the entire organization to serve our clients, helping us to continue to build long and enduring relationships with the world's leading companies.  These investments have positioned us very well to capture new growth opportunities as our clients and the industries in which they operate continue to be transformed and reinvented everyday. In this fast changing environment we see the market becoming more and more polarized around two major things; Digitization to create competitive advantage and drive new sources of value, and rationalization to create productivity and efficiency gains.  At the same time we continue to see demand for large scale transformation programs which has always been Accenture's sweet spot. Let me bring this to light with a few examples that demonstrate our unique position in the marketplace and the value we deliver to our clients. Today all of our clients are facing the imperative to transform their businesses to compete in the digital world and we are partnering with them on this journey.  A great example is our work with a global media and entertaining company, where we are leveraging the full range of Accenture’s capabilities, especially in mobility, [supervision] and analytics to fundamentally transform the customer experience, by implementing a broad set of digital tools. The centerpiece of this technology is a wearable device that allows customers to access their hotel room and pay for goods and services. Through our work we are helping our clients engage millions of customers each year with a truly integrated and personalized experience.  At the same time our clients are looking to drive more efficiency and to increase productivity in their operations. At a leading commodity trading and mining company we are providing finance and accounting and procurement services to help improve business operations. We are leveraging our end-to-end sourcing, procurement and analytics capabilities, together with the full power of the global delivery network to deliver over $500 million in bottom line savings, while also providing flexibility for future growth.  The acquisition we made last year of Procurian, combined with our own sourcing and procurement capabilities make Accenture the clear market leader in procurement BPO and has been instrumental in positioning us for many recent wins in the market. Finally our clients continue to focus on large scale transformation programs. With our extensive industry expertise and broad global footprint as well as our skills in strategy, digital, technology and operations we have built an end-to-end capability that is second to none and as demonstrated by our strong new bookings for the year including 39 quarterly bookings over $100 million Accenture remains the partner of choice for our clients.  A key example is our work in Texas, where we are leading the state’s effort to build a more efficient and effective Medicaid program. We are leveraging our healthcare expertise as well as our long track record of delivering claims processing systems to support 3.6 million Texas Medicaid participants and 45,000 healthcare providers while processing more than 12.5 million claims each month.  Turning to the geographic dimension of our business we are very pleased with the strong revenue growth we’re seeing in many of the largest countries in which we operate. Taken together these countries represent a very significant part of Accenture business. Let me start with the United States, our largest single market where I'm particularly pleased with our 10% revenue growth for the fourth quarter and 8% revenue growth for the full year. I am even more pleased with our sustained performance in the U.S. over the last past four years, where we have consistently delivered high single digit or double digit revenue growth, clearly gaining market share in the largest economy in the world.  In Europe, despite an economic environment that continues to be difficult we are performing very well in many of our largest countries, including France, Italy, Germany and United Kingdom. And in Asia Pacific our growth in Japan has just been outstanding. Japan delivered very strong double digit growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year.  So we ended fiscal year ’14 strong and we have clearly benefited from the investments we have made to build and launch highly differentiated capabilities, both organically and through acquisitions, to recruit and develop new talent with highly specialized skills, including hiring more than 80,000 people and to further strengthen Accenture’s marketplace positioning and our brand which is among the top 50 brands in the world.  At the end of the day the real measure of our success and relevance comes from our clients and for me, increasing the number of diamond clients, our largest client relationships is key. I'm delighted that we added 28 new diamond clients during the fiscal year which brings us to a net total of 141 diamond clients, an all-time high. And of course we continue to apply rigor and discipline in everything we do at Accenture to increase our efficiency and enhance our competitiveness so that we can continue to achieve our ultimate goal of delivering sustainable profitable growth over the long term. With that I will turn the call over to David to provide our business outlook for fiscal year ’15. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland:   Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal ‘15, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.55 billion to $7.80 billion. This assumes the impact of FX will be negative 2% compared to the first quarter of fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal year ’15 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks we currently assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 2% compared to fiscal ‘14. For the full fiscal ’15 we expect our net revenue to be in the range of 4% to 7% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year ‘15 we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $34 billion to 36 billion. We expect bookings to be a little lighter in the first quarter and build throughout the year. For operating margin we expect fiscal year ‘15 to be 14.4% to 14.6%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over fiscal ‘14 results.  We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. For earnings per share we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal ’15 to be in the range of $4.74 to $4.88 or 5% to 8% growth over fiscal ’14 results. Now turning to cash flow, for the full fiscal ’15 we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.95 billion to $4.25 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $450 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.5 billion to $3.8 billion. Finally we expect to return at least $3.8 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. With that let's open it up so we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks David. I would ask that you each stick to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Steve, would you provide instructions for those on the call please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Question one will come from Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, guys, good morning. Just want to ask you about the acceleration in revenue growth. I think last quarter it was 7% in constant currency, this quarter 8% in constant currency in revenue growth. But you are guiding to 4% to 7% which is a little bit of modest downtick from the 8%. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the outlook compared to where we have been here in the last two quarters?
David P. Rowland: Yeah, I think it’s important to look at -- maybe just to step back -- by the way hello, Bryan thanks for the question, by the way. I think it’s important to maybe look at that in a broader context and reflect from where we have been and where we are going, let’s say over a three year period. So two years ago in fiscal ’13 we had growth at about 4%. This year, the year we just completed we had growth at 5% and while the 4% to 7% reflects what we think is a full range of reasonable outcomes, as I have always said clearly, we are working hard to be as high in that range as we possibly can.  So if you take the upper half of the range and assuming that the market conditions and our own efforts allow us to land in that space then you start to see the progression of our building business momentum from ’13 to ’14 to ’15 if we can deliver in the upper -- into that range which is 5.5% to 7%. And while 4% to 7% is our range it reflects what we think are possible outcomes depending on what happens with market growth. Everything that we do every day is to drive profitable growth and to work to be as high in the range as we can.  So you are right but if we deliver, if we execute at the upper end of the -- at the upper half of the range then that is indicative of the momentum that I think you got from Pierre’s comments and from my comments.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay and just maybe a break out between consulting and outsourcing in that outlook. And then just want to ask on the bookings. They’re essentially kind of flattish, just wanted to -- flattish to slightly down, I think on the guidance. I just want to get a sense of how you guys see the market going forward? Thanks so much and congrats.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Bryan. On the bookings, Bryan we follow the -- really this is the approach we've taken, really since we've been a public company, where we peg our bookings range to our revenue range at our book-to-bill target and it's very simply that math. And we're much more focused on year in and year out delivering against our book-to-bill objective in the year then we are on the year-over-year growth in new bookings because bookings can be lumpy, not only quarter-to-quarter but they can be lumpy year-to-year. And as we planned it out we just had an exceptional year in fiscal '14 with roughly $36 billion in bookings. And if we land in the $34 billion to $36 billion range as we're guiding to, that would imply that we will be within our book-to-bill targets that supports our revenue ambition for the year and that's a result which we would feel good about based on the book-to-bill objective. So that's the logic there. On the revenue growth, by type of work, outsourcing we're thinking in our guidance in the high single digit to low double digit range. And in consulting, probably relatively consistent with this year, could be a click lower but also be a click higher, so in that kind of general range. 
Operator: David Grossman, Stifel Financial. 
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Hi, thank you. I wonder if you could just go back, David to some of the commentary early in the year, I guess given on the call about the margin pressure resulting from the need to remix some of the labor content and while we recognize that's clearly an ongoing process, can you help us better understand when you would expect to reach a more favorable balance at least based on where you are right now?
David P. Rowland: Yeah, we -- as you would expect we took -- we began taking actions on that, really as we transitioned into the second half of the year in both quarter three and quarter four. David, as you mentioned it is an ongoing process. So we're always focused on tuning the supply side of the equation but within the supply side tuning the payroll efficiency in our P&L. As I referenced in my comments we did have actions that were noteworthy, which is why I called them out in the fourth quarter, reflecting what we're doing on the supply side and payroll efficiency side in the fourth quarter and that was accounted for, if you will in the results that we delivered.  What I would say is that while this is an ongoing process we have seen a number of important areas of improvement in our profitability as we progress into the second half of the year. We have seen good progression in payroll efficiency but yet more work to do. We have seen very good progression in contract profitability which has gotten -- which has been sequentially better in quarter three as compared to quarter two and then again in quarter four as compared to quarter three. We have seen improvements in our business operations cost and so when you peel back the P&L and you look at the underpinning, if you will, of our operating expense structure against our revenues we have had some good improvement in the second half of the year which we will build from further as we move into fiscal '15. 
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you for that. And then just on the cash flow, if my math is right, it looks like your fiscal '15 guidance for free cash flow may actually exceed net income and again recognizing there are going to be several moving pieces in a given year, can you help us understand the various puts and takes this year other than the lower bonus accrual last year?
David P. Rowland: Yeah, David, the free cash flow to net income metric is 1.1, that within the range it's 1.1 which puts us back in the same territory as where we have been in many years in the past. When you really step back, I mean at a high level when you really step back and look at our cash flow there is a number of things which drive it. One is the efficiency of our cash operating expenses in the year. So our cash operating expense efficiency in relation to the revenue.  The second thing that would be a driver would be the year-over-year change in DSO and I’ll point out that while we’re very pleased with our DSO, even when the day increase that we had in the fourth quarter we have allowed in our free cash flow guidance the possibility of a continued uptick of a day, to day and a half in that range. Certainly we’ll work hard to try to make sure that doesn’t happen but we’ve allowed for that, so that’s a factor.  The other factor would be large cash outflows. You mentioned what we payout in variable comp is one, but another big swing factor is tax cash payments. Tax cash payments are a significant cash outflow for a company of our size and they can vary significantly year-to-year and they will be higher next year than they were this year. 
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you. 
David P. Rowland: Hopefully that helps. 
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: No, it does, thank you very much.
David P. Rowland: All right, thank you. 
Operator: Darrin Peller, Barclays. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Thanks, I just want to talk a little bit about the cash strategy and the capital structure strategy for a moment, because I mean you are in a year now where clearly you’re showing some pretty good trends on the key revenue segments, you have. I mean financials are going, as you guys said very well, the Healthcare segment’s growing well again and you had some very good growth in constant currency in the quarter relative to the beginning of the year. When we look at that and we look at your underlying EPS growth it’s still less than 10% just given the dynamic of margin expansion being 10 to 30 basis points.  And what I'm trying to figure out here is your cash use, you said 2% is going to -- the share counts have come down by about 2%, can you just give us your thoughts, maybe Pierre. on sort of how the company thinks about EPS growth in the framework of the long-term strategy, what kind of target are you really looking at over the long haul because you definitely have more cash flow that could be put to work especially if you think about using your balance sheet?
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah I mean let me start and David will give more comments on this. Our capital allocation strategy and cash allocation strategy have always been very clear and very straightforward as you know. The different buckets where we’re using the cash would be internally to fund our capital expenditure. The second bucket will be around acquisitions and what we’ve seen these last three years as we’ve been ramping up the acquisition and we will continue to do so as long as we could find the right opportunities. But this is our expectation that we will continue to deploy capital to acquisition.  We set in our mental model something around 15% of the operating free cash flow, if I'm right, and it might be anything between 15% to 20% because we believe, based on our results, that we’ve demonstrated we can make the right acquisition in order to create new capabilities and boost organic growth on top of that. And then the rest, our strategy has always been to return a very significant portion of our cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend.  What you’ve seen from a dividend standpoint, very consistent to what we said is the kind of, I would say evolution on the way we are delivering our dividend with some, what I would quantify solid, even robust increase year-over-year and then we continue on our share repurchase strategy to make sure and this is what we communicated in an IR Day a couple of years ago that we will continue to make sure there are not going to be any dilution between the shares we are issuing as well the share repurchase.  So we are on that strategy very clearly and it’s still the strategy we’re planning to execute moving forward but maybe David you can give more color. 
David P. Rowland: Yeah, in fact you summarized it very well. When you look at…  
Pierre Nanterme: I am applying to be the next CFO. 
David P. Rowland: I think that was a good one really, Pierre. In terms of the 2% which you referenced, that’s in the range of really what we’ve done on average since we’ve been a public company. I think that I haven’t looked at the calculated number lately but I think it’s probably like 3% and probably the average, that reflects what we did in the earlier years of being a public company but 2% to 3% is the range that we’ve been in. When you look at our EPS range this year which is a 5% to 8% growth in USD terms, this was a year where we do have two headwinds that you don’t necessarily have in every year, one is the 2% FX drag and then the other is we do have, you know a higher expected tax rate.  And so, you look at the 5% to 8% in the context of covering an FX drag and in this particular year a higher tax rate and then you can start to extrapolate what you think is possible in years when we don’t have those. And so that kind of gives you the, maybe a way to think about our EPS.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, that’s very helpful. Just one quick follow-up, last, through the year margins were a little below what you expected, you are now calling back once again for 10 to 30 basis points of margin expansion in line with how you guys like to deliver? So I mean, can we say, is it fair to say that the pricing pressure or the outsourcing questions that we had seen that may have affected that has been steady or potentially abating now, it’s getting better?
David P. Rowland: I would say that the inflection point that we saw in the first half of the year is more stable but yeah, the trend continues. I think what we saw in the first half of the year was an inflection point where there was a period of acceleration, which I had pointed out at the time as not unusual. We’ve had to manage through inflection points previously and so that’s what we are doing now.  On the pricing overall and if I talk about pricing in the context of the margin quality, on the deal -- on our bookings, our pricing I will say now has improved in the second half of the year. I was hesitant to say that in the third quarter because we don’t want to kind of jerk back and forth on pricing, we want to see a trend. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Right, right.
David P. Rowland: But now that I have seen the two quarter strung together our pricing as defined as the margin quality of the work we put on the books was better in the second half of the year then it was in the first half of the year. So in that sense we have seen improved pricing in the second half of the year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: That’s good to hear, thanks guys.
David P. Rowland: All right, thank you.
Operator: Tien-Tsin Huang, JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Great, thanks good morning. Just I wanted to ask -- I just want to ask about the visibility into the 10 to 30 as well on the operating margin. I am especially curious about gross margin because I heard the comments on taking actions on improving profitability. Is that action, it sounds like also work to do, so is that subject to market conditions in terms of what you are going to do or is there something that’s in flight today, just trying to get a better appreciation of again the visibility into that 10 to 30.
David P. Rowland: Yeah, I mean it’s really, if you think about it Tien-Tsin there is -- maybe I’d call out four things that we are focused on to deliver the 10 to 30 and some of these are things that you’ll understand very well. The first thing at the core of what we are focused on is overall payroll efficiency. And we’ve referenced that in certain parts of our business as we had this inflection point there were some payroll inefficiencies that had resulted from that which we would address beginning in the second half of the year and we have done just that.  That is ongoing but yet what we have done so far has some benefit in to next year but job number one would -- margin expansion for us is payroll efficiency. And I think we’ve proven that if you look at it over a period of time we are very good at doing that but we are certainly not immune to having a quarter or two where business conditions change where you can’t just turn the dial at the moment. The second thing we are focused on is our overall contract profitability and that means for each dimension of work we do we are working to optimize the profitability in the context of that market. So if you take what we do in Digital or Application Services or Accenture Strategy as an example. But then the other part of that is that we have a diverse set of businesses within Accenture now and so the other dial is making sure that we have the right mix across the different offerings, businesses that we have so that at the portfolio level we’re optimizing the overall contract profitability. The third thing that we are focused on is business operations efficiency, which is you know the cost of us just running and managing our business which is an ongoing objective and so maybe I’ll just stop there. Those are the three big things and we have our sights set on actions around each of those areas. Now it's too -- it's on us to deliver. But there isn't anything that happened in this year, even reflecting on our second quarter call, there is not anything that's happened this year that has taken our eyes off of our focus on modest margin expansion which we've defined as 10 to 30 basis points. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, now that's helpful. So can you just quickly elaborate on, I don’t if you gave on headcount growth targets this year and as my, not a real follow-up just the acquisition contribution in fiscal '15. I'm curious how overall acquisitions are performing and we've seen some larger acquisitions in this space and I am curious if your appetite to do deals has changed in anyway? That's all I have, thanks.
David P. Rowland: Let me comment first on the inorganic '14 to '15 and then may be Pierre would want to comment just on our acquisition philosophy and strategy. So Tien-Tsin you will remember that on the last call I said that the inorganic contribution would in the 1.5% to 2% range, in '14 to be clear. I'll just remind everyone that we measure inorganic on a rolling four quarter basis. So from the time an acquisition comes on the books for four quarters we include in our inorganic number, after that it becomes part of our organic engine if you will.  So where we landed the year is that the inorganic contribution was, which we felt very good about was closer to 2% than 1.5%. And we do expect next year that part of this is just the timing of -- we had our most significant acquisition activity in the first half of this year. So the timing is such that the inorganic contribution next year will be closer to the 1% range. And so when you think about organic growth in '15 that's all in the mix of the 4% to 7% as well. We feel very good about what we see in our organic business and hence we've got the range of 4% to 7% even with the lower contribution of the inorganic. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, on acquisition I mean what you've seen this last couple of years is all the efforts we made and yielding results now to position our portfolio of businesses for growth in this new environment of mainly digital computing world. And so we've been working hard on this and we've been using acquisition to accelerate this repositioning, especially in two areas of our business. One is at what we are calling now Accenture Digital and the other one being Accenture Operations. We have really channeled significantly our investment in these two areas to answer -- to provide the right response to the market which is quite keen to buy on digitalization and on the other end on rationalization. We deployed, if I remember well, around $800 million in fiscal year '15. $740 million in fiscal year '14, so it’s giving you a sense about the kind of level of cash we might deploy in the context of the strategy, which doesn’t mean that if we have the opportunity we can’t do more. If we believe there is an opportunity we need to capture that would significantly enhance our capabilities, both in the digital world or in the operations world or in some of our markets around the world and we will be prepared to step in. Again we're not changing the overarching philosophy. We are making acquisition to grow on top of these acquisitions and to acquire unique and differentiated capability. We can grow then organically. And this is exactly what we did with Procurian and this is exactly what we did in past with acquisition of [Richfield], avVenta and [Acceria]. So this is the mental model, capabilities deploying in the range of $800 million plus the opportunity to deploy more, if it is necessary with always the perspective to scale and to scale rapidly to take a market leading position. 
Operator: James Friedman, Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi, thank you. Pierre in the fiscal Q2 conference call you had suggested that Accenture Digital, I think the language used was growing solid double digit. I was wondering if you would be comfortable giving us an update as to the growth rate as of the end of the year. 
Pierre Nanterme: Regarding Digital?
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group: Digital, yeah.
Pierre Nanterme: I am taking this opportunity to -- I was very pleased to read and very impressed with the note you communicated on us and I liked especially the call to action, a good offense is a good defense and I think this is exactly what we do at Accenture. We’re always playing offense. And indeed for us playing offense is to take some very significant steps in the digital because this is the segment of the market which is growing well. We anticipated that few years ago and we definitely accelerated our growth strategy regarding digital. If you will today and probably for the first time we’re going to communicate this number outside but we feel very confident that we can communicate that number of our digital business because it’s extremely analytical based and the scope is very precise. Today what we’re doing with Accenture Digital is around 17% of our business growing in the double digit. So around $5 billion revenue in fiscal year ’14 at Accenture and I'm indeed very pleased with that because this is a business which is growing fast double digit, which is extremely relevant for clients and which is now meaningful in the business of Accenture when you’re starting to hit the 17%, trending certainly to the 20% of the business it is a meaningful business and I'm extraordinarily pleased with repositioning we’ve been undertaking. 
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group: I’ll need to pay more attention to my titles now that I know you’re reading them. I wanted to ask in that same regard, do you have any observations, Pierre about which operating groups it’s more prevalent in or which geographies it’s more prevalent in, those would be my follow-ups, thank you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, sure. I mean what’s good, if you will or impressive is Digital is pervasive across the patch. So it’s clearly a set of technologies and I'm talking about of course the digital consumer, the digital enterprise, the digital operations all related to analytics, of course cloud enabling technologies, usually known as SMAC in the past or [mobile] and each cloud is absolutely pervasive across the board. So we’re starting to see good traction of course with more the B2C kind of industries if you will, I'm thinking about retail, I'm thinking about consumer good, financial services, telecom, good appetite for that but certainly we see the second wave of digital impacting now more the B2C businesses, I could have mentioned Healthcare.  So Healthcare is probably an hybrid because it’s B2C as well as B2B and then you move in to more the manufacturing kind of organization with what we know we call it the famous IOT, the Internet of things and we are taking step as well to move from the B2C to do B2B2C and from the B2B and from the digital consumer to the Internet of things. So the early adopters we are very pleased with them. They are the usual suspects but now we see good traction in all the parts of the business.  And I'm thinking even about the resources where we’re starting to put digital in what we are calling digital plant and digital operations and things we’re doing with some of our partners and we’ve recently created joint ventures as you might have seen with General Electric around aircraft maintenance as well as intelligent pipeline, which is the new launch we made with General Electric. And on the other side of the spectrum with Siemens around the SmartGrid. So extremely pleased to answer that question, I guess you see my excitement playing the offense. 
Operator: Lisa Ellis, Sanford Bernstein. 
Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.:  Good morning guys, happy to be joining these calls. I wanted to ask a couple of questions about the labor market and get your take on how you’re seeing trends in the labor market, if I just look at -- your attrition picked up again this quarter, gross profit has ticked down and looks like your accrued payroll is down year-on-year. So you could read into that, that you’re seeing some labor pressure in service delivery, especially given your GDN mix has been constant now for six or seven quarters. So just want to see if that’s kind of consistent with what you’re seeing and in that context how you see that trending going into next year?
David P. Rowland: Yes I would -- maybe let me just pick up on the last thing you said if the read through, if you read through is that we’re seeing in, in service delivery -- by the way, Lisa welcome to the call. I’ll just go back and point out again that our contract profitability which is our service delivery has actually improved sequentially the last two quarters. So that is on an upward trend.  Lisa, you also referenced gross margin and there is a lot of things that go into gross margin beyond just the contract delivery cost. You have for example things like training and recruiting and we typically bring a lot of people on broad in the fourth quarter and this year that was especially true as our revenue is growing, as an example. You have other things that would impact, for example I referenced supply side actions that we have taken in those parts of our business where we are dealing aggressively with fine tuning the overall payroll efficiency and when we do that those costs can go through gross margin. And then there can be the normal ebb and flow whereas in one quarter we can have a lot of business development activity and in other quarter just even beyond new hires you might have a heavy training quarter and the overall payroll efficiency isn’t changing just where people charge their time as.  That’s why we repeatedly say that to understand our business you really have to focus on operating margin. And that’s really the bottom line. Lisa you also referenced the attrition number going up, which I called out. It did go up but at the 15% level that’s well within our range and really frankly well within the norm of services companies like ours.  We focus everyday on our people, on market relevant compensation, on employee engagement, which we measure regularly, on polled surveys et cetera that is a core part of our culture and that will always be taking care of our people and our clients first is really what we focus on. 
Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Terrific. And then my follow-up is actually on the BPO side. You highlighted that or called that out as one area of particular strength. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what service lines in particular and is the service mix in there evolving as you are seeing increased demand on BPO?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. So BPO which is now part of what we are calling Accenture Operations where we put together our infrastructure services and business process services, if you will, to create what we believe is going to be a unique value proposition in the marketplace, in the context of moving more and more BPO, provide more and more BPO as a service on platforms and all of these cloud enabled. So all of this -- this is the essence of the creation of Accenture Operations and again I think we are making in the market very significant steps because as far as I know we are the only one today, are proposing this opportunity. So BPO is an excellent answer to what I called before the renationalization agenda of our clients to get more efficiency and more productivity. Again BPO is pretty hot across the board when you are looking at our results and especially around what we are calling the [original] tools, Finance and Accounting, HR Administration and of course procurement where we are clearly now the market leader. We are selling these three capabilities for reduced input across all the industries. I am thinking about recent win in financial services with a European Bank where we are now driving all their finance and accounting operation.  Of course from an F&A we’ve communicated around this big win with this oil and gas company in Europe, a giant as well, we are doing all the HR, Administration of one of the largest consumer good company in the world and I can mention this and extremely recently in electronic equipment we’ve been selected to be clearly their backbone in running their Finance and Accounting, their HR, their IT and part of their sourcing operation to support them in one of their largest scale transformation program today in the industry.  So it is pretty hot and again I am coming back at the heart of our -- at what I call repositioning or what I think our business is if you will from what we were and we are still famous for the more classic ERP and technology business. We continue and of course to be competitive in that space but we added two big engines for growth at scale, double-digit extra meaningful for Accenture, Accenture Digital on one hand. I mentioned this $5 billion business and Accenture Operations on the other hand which is another formidable machine for growth.
KC McClure :  Steve we have time for one more question then Pierre is going to wrap up the call. 
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of David Togut of Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Thank you. Good morning Pierre and David.
David P. Rowland: Hey good morning David. 
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Good morning, could you quantify for us the 2015 average wage increase and also the average price increase for 2015? 
David P. Rowland: David, the answer -- I guess the short answer is no. The reason is that when we quote a number like that on the wage side it just potentially creates a lot of confusion within our employee base, where it varies so much country-to-country and to have an overall average number sometimes just creates confusion. Maybe I'll just stop there. We really can't comment on either one of those, sorry about that but… 
David Togut - Evercore Partners: But for context, David we see attrition going up for the last two quarters and that would suggest for an environment of rising wages. Can you just bracket for us possible ranges, so we can understand the gross margin question a little better?
David P. Rowland: I mean what I can say is there is nothing unusual with respect to our wage increases in '15. They are -- so there is -- I guess I could say there is nothing unusual. There is nothing, there is no -- while there is nothing unusual in response to what you perceive to be perhaps a building issue, I think that certainly their markets and skills were -- that are in higher demand and when we see those we respond very proactively with what we do with our comp.  But there are also a lot of markets around the world where there is deflation and deflationary trends for compensation and so -- what we always do is we're market relevant. And so if you're trying to understand is there anything unusual that we anticipate in '15 with respect to wage increases, the answer to that is no. 
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Thank you. That's very helpful. 
David P. Rowland: Okay, thank you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you everybody and thanks a lot for all your good questions this morning. Just in closing the call and reflecting on what might happen moving forward and as we enter fiscal year '15, I am confident in our ability to drive profitable growth and to deliver our business outlook for the year. We have momentum in our business. We are investing in new capabilities to be even more relevant, differentiated and competitive. And with our highly diverse portfolio of business combined with the disciplined management of our operations we are well positioned to deliver sustainable long term profitable growth.  I want to take this opportunity to thank the men and women of Accenture who everyday and everywhere around the world work side-by-side with our clients to bring their unique skill to bear through passion and their amazing commitment to deliver value. Thanks to all of them. And I would like to thank you, our investors for your continued support and your confidence in Accenture.  We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst conference in New York on October 7th. In the meantime if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-06-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Director of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David Rowland - CFO 
Analysts: Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Steve Milunovich - UBS David Togut - Evercore Partners David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co. Sara Gubins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Katie. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2014 earnings announcement. As Katie just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2014 and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call including our business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. As a reminder, in Q3 of last year, our results included benefits from a reduction in reorganization liabilities. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our financial results for the first quarter. We generated strong revenue growth and earnings per share, grew operating income, returned substantial cash to our shareholders and delivered another quarter of very strong year bookings. Here are a few highlights. New bookings were $8.8 billion, bringing us to $27.6 billion for the first three quarters of the year. We generated revenues of $7.7 billion, a 7% increase and above our guiding range. We delivered earnings per share of $1.26, up 11% from adjusted EPS in the third quarter last year. Operating margin was 15.2%, consistent with the third quarter last year. We generated solid free cash flow and our balance sheet remains very strong and in the quarter with a cash balance of $4 billion and we returned approximately $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. With Q3 behind us, the second half of the year is shaping up as expected with stronger revenue growth and we are well positioned to continue the momentum into the first quarter. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers for the quarter in greater detail. David, over to you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre and thanks all of you for joining us today. As I review the results on this morning's call, you'll see that we delivered very good results in the third quarter, highlighted by a significant uptick in net revenues with growth of 7% in local currency. Net revenues were higher than expected, well above the top end of our guidance range and driven by improved growth rates across essentially every dimension of our business, meaning the majority of our operating groups, the three geographic regions and in both consulting and outsourcing. The higher revenue growth was underpinned by yet another strong new bookings quarter, which is indicative of the high degree of relevance our offerings and capabilities have in the marketplace. We delivered double-digit EPS growth and while our focus on pricing and overall cost efficiency is ongoing, our third quarter reflects progress with the challenges highlighted last quarter. We generated strong cash flow and of course we continue to return a substantial portion of cash to shareholders. So we're very pleased with the quarter. With that, let's get to the numbers starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were strong at $8.8 billion. Consulting bookings were $4.3 billion with a book-to-bill of $1.1 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $4.5 billion with a book-to-bill of $1.2 billion. Year-to-date bookings were $27.6 billion, reflecting 12% growth in local currency. Taking a closer look at our new bookings, there are several additional points that are worth noting. Coming off the record bookings last quarter, consulting bookings continue to reflect healthy demand for both systems integration and technology consulting. Additionally, management consulting bookings were solid and within our target book-to-bill range. We were also pleased with another quarter of solid outsourcing bookings, which included an uptick in technology outsourcing from the second quarter, driven by higher demand for application outsourcing. Strong demand for our BPO services continued, driven by finance and accounting and procurement offerings, even after the extremely strong record BPO bookings we had in quarter two. From an operating group perspective, CMT and products were key drivers of our strong bookings performance, which positions both for continued strong growth rates. Finally, we continue to be the partner of choice on complex transformational projects with seven clients with bookings in excess of $100 million. Turning now to revenues, net revenues for the quarter were $7.7 billion, an increase of 7% in U.S. dollars and local currency, reflecting a flat FX impact, consistent with the assumption we provided in March. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $4.1 billion, up 6% in USD and 5% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.6 billion, up 10% in USD and 9% in local currency. Again, revenues came in even higher than expected, driven by strong performance in H&PS, products and CMT. So let me give you some additional highlights from the operating group this quarter. H&PS grew 11%, delivering the significant improvement in growth we had signaled in quarter two. Growth rates improved across all three geographic regions, but a strong uptick in the Americas was the primary driver in the quarter. Within the Americas, our health business and public service was very strong including the recent acquisition of ASM Research, which expands our capabilities within the military and federal health businesses. And within our state and local practice, both our human services eligibility and ERP offerings made a strong contribution. In products, the 10% growth demonstrated a continuation of broad-based demand with strong growth in both the Americas and EMEA. We saw good demand for BPO, specifically for our procurement offerings. Overall, our clients are focused on four main themes, the digital customer, efficiency in cost optimization, industry specific solutions and advancing the technology agenda, including new technologies, extending ERP and network optimization. Communications, media and technology growth was 7%. In an overall environment, it continues to be in a cycle of rapid change. CMT's growth was primarily driven by very strong performance in the Americas and we continue to be very pleased with our performance in electronics and high tech. The revenue growth also reflects the ramp-up of several of the large transformational deals that we signed in recent quarters. More broadly, we continue to focus on extending our footprint in E&HT, working with our communications clients to drive their cost optimization agenda and increasing our penetration in certain areas such as media and entertainment, cable and social media and internet. Financial services grew 5% consistent with last quarter. We're particularly pleased with the significant growth in banking and capital markets in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Americas growth was negatively impacted by a slowdown in a few clients as large scale transformation programs are going through their natural cycle as well as reduced demand in our mortgage business. Overall we see good opportunities in the FS market, driven by our client's focus on cost efficiency, which resulted in strong demand for our BPO offerings and also driven by risk in regulatory and increased investments in digital, primarily in distribution and marketing. As expected, we saw moderate improvement in resources with 2% growth. Energy continues to generate strong growth globally, but we did see some moderation from previous quarters, particularly in North America. While we are pleased with the modern improvement in the quarter, we still have work to do to position the business for sustained positive growth and North America and natural resources globally continue to be our most challenged markets. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 32.8% compared with 33.9% for the same period last year, down 110 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.6% of net revenue compared with 12.3% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, down 70 basis points. General administrative expense was 5.9% of net revenues compared with 6.4% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, down 50 basis points. As a reminder, in quarter three of last year, we had a reduction in the reorganization liabilities that impacted certain metrics. The following comparisons exclude the impact and reflect adjusted results. Operating income was $1.2 billion in the third quarter, reflecting a 15.2% operating margin, roughly equal to the adjusted operating margin for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% compared with an adjusted tax rate of 24.8% for the third quarter last year. Net income was $882 million for the third quarter compared with adjusted net income of $824 million for the same quarter last year. And diluted earnings per share were $1.26, compared with the adjusted EPS of $1.14 in the third quarter last year, an increase of $0.12. Turning to DSOs, our day services outstanding continue to be industry leading. They were 35 days, up from 33 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.3 billion resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.4 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $85 million. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at May 31 was $4 billion, compared with $5.6 billion at August 31 last year. The current level reflects the cash returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends as well as the acquisitions we've made year-to-date. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of more than 293,000 people and we now have approximately 194,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter three, our utilization was 88%, up from last quarter and consistent with quarter three last year. Our attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations was 14%, up 2% from both quarter two in the same period last year and lastly, we now expect that at least 65,000 people will join our company in fiscal 2014. So turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed approximately 5.5 million shares for $441 million at an average price of $80.13 per share. Year to date we purchased 24.4 million shares for $1.9 billion at an average price of $77.90 per share. At May 31, we had approximately 5.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally as Pierre mentioned, on May 15, 2014, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal 2014 in the amount of $0.93 per share, brining total dividend payments for the fiscal year to approximately $1.3 billion. So in summary, quarter three was an important quarter for us as we delivered the uptick in revenue that we had signaled at the beginning of the year. While we delivered good profitability, our focus on cost efficiency will continue to be a priority for several quarters to come. Now let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. Our strong results for the quarter demonstrate that we continue to executive very well against our growth strategy. We are leveraging the investments we've made in assets and solutions, in strategic acquisitions and in building the skills and capabilities of our people. Our services are highly differentiated in the marketplace and are clearly originating with the needs of our clients as demonstrated by our records bookings year to date. Our growth strategy is all about first, operating at the heart of our client's businesses then capturing new opportunities in key growth areas especially in digital and across the different geographic markets where we operate and finally investing to further differentiate our capabilities and services. Let me bring each of these areas to life. Starting with how we leverage our unit, global end-to-end capabilities to drive value for clients and help them with their large scale transformation programs. We are helping Baker Hughes a leading oil field services company transform its finance and accounting operations across 90 countries, delivering more than $50 million in annual cost saving so far. For large European banks, we are providing application development and management services to support the bank's repositioning to a new digital platform. This is a major strategic IT transformation designed to increase productivity by up to 20%. And we are working with the leading global software company leveraging our analytics and technology capabilities in finance and accounting to deliver cost savings of more than $150 million over the next seven years. We are executing very well in capturing in new opportunities in key growth areas. I am particularly pleased with the momentum we are seeing in Accenture Digital. We are bringing together our capabilities in Accenture Interactive and Accenture Analytics to help Telefónica Spain significantly increase its online sales. In just six months Telefónica drove more than 50% higher sales a year ahead of schedule. We are levering the assets and capabilities from our recent digital acquisitions to help the leading global fashion retailer launch a new online store based on the innovative eCommerce platform. The new channel, which is going to be rolled out to 50 countries is already driving higher than expected revenues. To me what is truly distinctive about Digital at Accenture is our ability to deliver Digital at scale and to help our clients create even greater value and business results. We continue to benefit from the return on the investments we have made to enhance our capabilities and services. A great example is our Accenture Duck Creek software solution for property and casualty insurers, which was recently selected by both Zurich insurance and Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance is deploying our software through an innovative software-as-a-service model posted on the Accenture cloud platform, which will reduce IT costs, improve business agility and support growth. In life sciences through our accelerating R&D business service, we have developed a new cloud-based platform, which is now being used by five major Pharma companies. This unique solution accelerates the clinical development process by collecting and analyzing data from across studies, helping our clients conduct clinical trials in a more efficient and cost effective way. And we also continue to make targeted acquisitions. In Accenture Strategy, we just completed the acquisition of PureApps, a U.K. based company that specializes in enterprise performance management, helping CFOs to analyze their businesses and improve their cost management. In Accenture Digital we required i4C Analytics, an advanced analytic software provider based in Italy. i4C specializes in tailored industry and function specific applications to speed up the delivery of new insights and business outcome. Now turning to the geographic dimension of our business. Our growth in Q3 was broad based and I am particularly pleased that we delivered stronger results in Europe. In the Americas, we grew revenue 7% in local currency driven by high single digit growth in both the United States and Brazil. In EMEA revenues increased 7% in local currency with double digit growth in France and Italy, high single digit growth in Germany and solid single digit growth in the United Kingdom and in Asia Pacific we grew revenue 6% in local currency, driven primarily by strong double digit growth in Japan. So overall we are performing well in the context of a market environment that remains very demanding. We continue to improve our competitiveness through a relentless focus on operational investments, applying rigor and discipline across the Board to improve our efficiency, so we continue to build and position our business for sustainable long term profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call back to David for our business outlook.
David Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.45 billion to $7.70 billion. This is since the impact of FX will be a positive 1.5% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. For the full fiscal year 2014 based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. Dollars will be negative 0.5% compared to fiscal 2013. Based on our year-to-date results of 4% revenue growth in local currency and the outlook just provided for quarter four, we now expect our net revenues for the full fiscal 2014 to be in the range of 4% to 5% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2014, we now expect new bookings to be at the upper end of our previously guided range of $33 billion to $36 billion. For operating margin, we now expect fiscal year 2014 to be 14.3%, an approximate 10 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2013 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.5%. For earning per share, we now expect full year deluded EPS for fiscal 2014 to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.54 or 7% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal 2013 results. Turning to cash flow, we continue to expect our operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion with property and equipment additions remaining at approximately $400 million and free cash flow in the range of $2.9 to $3.2 billion. Finally we continue to expect to return at least $3.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 3% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. So all in all, I am pleased with how we are positioned to close out the year and as we have in the past, we will provide you with our fiscal 2015 outlook at the quarter four earnings call in September. With that, let's open it up, so we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Katie, would you provide instructions for those on the call please.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Yes thanks guys. Nice job on the bookings. I just want to hone in a little bit on the bookings trends we're seeing. You gave some good color on what types of business you are gaining, just with respect to the types of book-to-bill conversions we should expect to see and how long it takes for the conversion to occur? And then maybe really just give us a profile of the kind of profitability in terms of the margin impact on the business given that obviously last quarter we saw a little bit of a slower trend on the margin side and you talked about Europe, but I think here, we're looking to see what these bookings really mean for the next year or so, so a little more color on those two variables will be great.
David Rowland: Okay. Well first of all, let me give you a couple of comments and perhaps Pierre will add some thoughts as well, but in terms of our book-to-bill, on the consulting side, we continue to target overall a book-to-bill of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion. I think what we've commented on in previous calls is that given the conversion trends that we started to experience in the third quarter or so of last year, we felt that it was important to be more toward the upper end of the range, but nonetheless that range continues to be what we're focused on.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Sure.
David Rowland: From an outsourcing standpoint, again the range continues to be $1.2 billion as kind of let's say the sweet spot for us and of course anything north of that is all the better. When you think about it, the whole translation of bookings to revenue, I think the thing that this quarter indicates is really what we've been pointing to for a while and that is that the strength of our new bookings we felt like would ultimately convert to revenue growth at higher levels, starting in the second half of this year and I think what you see is that obviously happening with our 7% growth. The last comment quickly from a profitability standpoint, we really focus on operating margin and our model since we've been a public company is then that we expect to manage the ebb and flow of the mix of work across the consulting components of our business and the outsourcing components of our business. It is true that not all of them have the same level of profitability, let's say the contract level or if you wanted to loosely say in gross margin terms, but they also all have very different cost structures in terms of selling cost, investment requirements, investments in people etcetera and what we are cast with doing is managing those cost, so that if the ebb and flow of our business occurs as it will across the portfolio, we meet our bottom line objectives and that's what we've been very successful doing as a public company so far.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: That's very helpful. Just one quick follow-up and then I'll turn it back to the queue. Last quarter obviously there were some comments made around pricing and around some -- obviously the implications on that on margins and I think you did a good job explaining the types of bookings you're looking at and the conversions are obviously showing much better this quarter, but are we still seeing any pricing pressures at all in the business or is it really just, was it more of a blip in the quarter or in the year last quarter, and it's calmed down?
David Rowland: Well just -- as it relates to quarter three specifically, the environment is very much stable with what we saw last quarter, meaning we haven’t seen any further deterioration and the pattern is stable. We did see in fact some pockets of improvement in the third quarter, but it's too early to call those a trend. So I think the overwriting theme is that it's stable relative to what we said last quarter.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's good to hear. All right. Nice job guys, thanks.
David Rowland: Thank you very much, Darrin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Good morning. Glad to see the revenue come through. Just a follow-up I guess on what Darrin asked. Did anything change specifically this quarter that allowed you to covert revenue faster this quarter and just as a follow through, has visibility on revenue realization improved from the first half of the year?
David Rowland: Hey Tien-Tsin. Again, I don't think anything changed or it happened as we anticipated and as we had signaled. When you look at why did we have stronger revenue growth, I'll anchor you back to what Pierre and I've said consistently starting with the first earnings call this year. We said that there were several things that we were encouraged by. The first thing was our pattern of strong new bookings. The second thing was the fact that the large transformational deals would start to kick in revenue growth in the second half of the year and we talked about the fact that we could -- we could point to individual contracts that gave us confidence that would occur. The third thing we talked about was business services, the investments we've made in business services starting to materialize and then finally we anchored to the investments that we've made in inorganic. You wrap around all of that in the third quarter, we were really pleased with our BPO business in particular, which we've talked about consistently and we're also very pleased with the activity that we see in the digital space. So there is a lot of things that came together, but very consistent Tien-Tsin with what we've been trying to signal for a couple of quarters.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: All right. No, that's great. That makes sense Dave. So just to my follow-up I'll ask on the margin side. So the revenue did come out and cost a little bit if you look at it on a gross margin front, I guess that we should look at it on operating margins, but I am just curious, was there anything unusual in that gross margin line in this quarter and should we expect gross margin contraction to continue here in the near term, thanks?
David Rowland: Yes, thank you, Tien-Tsin. Just starting -- let me answer the question on operating margin first. The thing that I guess I'll remind you and others is that last year the third quarter was an all-time high level of profitability for Accenture. So in absolute terms, last year's profitability was outstanding and it reflected 40 basis points growth over the prior year quarter three. So when we look at the third quarter this year, we feel very good about the absolute profitability because in fact it is equal to the highest level of profitability we've ever had in any quarter. Having said that, what's different, we have worked hard on dealing with some of the points that we highlighted last quarter. A reference in my script that we made progress on those points, but yet we still have work to do going forward and especially as it relates to overall payroll efficiency, which will continue to be a focus area for us moving forward, but again we feel very good about the absolute profitability in the third quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: All right. That's great. Thanks so much.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Grossman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Grossman - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: All right. Thank you. So David it looks like you had growth accelerated in the third quarter as you had thought and you delivered a very strong revenue result; however it appears you left the midpoint for the yearend change. You sound very confident in the outlook, so perhaps you can help us better understand whether there are any specific headwinds in the fourth quarter, maybe just the ordinary flow of revenue and whether the conversion rates that you saw in the third quarter is something that you see as sustainable at least as far as I can see for now.
David Rowland: Yes, again I think there is a couple of points of context that are worth mentioning. If you look at the way our revenue progressed in quarter three and quarter four of last year, quarter four of last year was a point and half higher than quarter three. So underneath the fourth quarter, we're comparing to fourth quarter last year that was point and half higher than quarter three last year. The other thing that I would point out is that with the range that we provided for the fourth quarter, the upper end of that range reflects continued strong healthy growth equal to what we just delivered in the third quarter and so we certainly see that as a possibility because we included it in the range. And as we always say, although we provide a range, which reflects a range of potential outcomes, we're always working to be as high up in the range as we possibly can. So we do feel good about our business. We had again yet another strong bookings quarter. We feel good about our visibility as we move forward and in the business, but yet as Pierre highlighted in his script, is that we have an environment that has an abundance of opportunities, but it also is one that has ongoing -- I am talking about the macro environment has ongoing challenges and uncertainty.
Operator: The next question then comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Rowland: Hello Bryan.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi guys. Good morning. So just looking on a full year guidance, I guess it's a little bit unusual that the revenues are coming in ahead of expectations, but EPS is moving to the low end, just what's causing that dynamic?
David Rowland: Well there's really two simple things. The first thing is that the guidance range that we had last quarter was based on a revenue range that included 5% to 6% growth for the full year and it was based on an operating margin range that included 20 basis points to 30 basis points of expansion. And so what we have done is by the way, which is what we always do after the third quarter is we've narrowed the range for the year now and the reason it has narrowed to the range that it did is because the -- we've narrowed the revenue range for the full year to 4% to 5%. So the 5% to 6% is not within the range and we are on a trajectory to deliver 10 basis points of expansion. So if you look at those things in combination, that's the resulting range that you get for EPS, which again it is a -- it's a growth rate above revenue and that's one of the things that we talked about in our Investor Analyst Day as an important objective.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And just as a follow-up then, the cause for the operating margin to fall in at the low end of the range as opposed to the high end and then any risk to that, the model that Accenture always has of 10 basis points to 30 basis points of margin expansion won't be continuing on an annual basis, thanks so much.
David Rowland: I think the -- the fact that our trajectory is at 10 basis points, frankly I think it anchors back to some of the things we talked about last quarter, playing it simple. Having said that, we started the year guiding to a range of 10 to 30 and the 10 to 30 represents what we generally defined as modest margin expansion, 10 basis points as met our definition of margin -- modest margin expansion. And we feel like if we're moving the margins up year-over-year in that 10 to 30 basis points range, that's very consistent with what our objectives have been and we think that's a reasonable place for us to land and we're balancing many things within that including investments in our business, which include the impact of acquisitions just to name that as one. But -- so those are the things that we're managing a mix of variables, but we feel very good about the 10 basis points of expansion.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Hi. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about the inorganic contribution this quarter. You said it played a role and if I look at your cash flow, it looks like your acquisitions this year for the first nine months in terms of cash out is about two times of what it was last year. I was just wondering if you could talk about what the inorganic contribution to year-over-year was this quarter versus last quarter.
David Rowland: Yes, the inorganic growth varies by quarter. It can be lumpy and frankly we really don't want to get in the position of given a specific breakdown each and every quarter, but would rather talk in terms of the annual contribution. I will tell you that quarter three reflected an acceleration in both organic and inorganic growth and we were pleased with both to be clear, but there was an important acceleration in organic that drove the $7.1 billion overall. For the full year, if this will help you Keith, we think we're tracking to the 1.5% to may be up as high as 2% range in inorganic contribution, which is I think consistent with what I said last quarter or the quarter before, but again just to remind you is that the inorganic for us is really all about a strategy to ultimately drop organic growth. So our inorganic is an engine for organic growth and when you look at these businesses that we're acquiring, they are essentially indistinguishable from our organic business at least within a year and Procurian, which is the most significant acquisition we've made this year in the BPO procurement space, is a great example of that. So we feel great about the mix of our business. We're very pleased with what we've done with acquisitions really for the last four to six quarters. So hopefully that helped.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Yeah. It does. Thanks very much. For my follow-up, I would like to just try to probe a little bit more around Bryan's question on targeted operating margins. I understand it's still within the range of plus 10 basis points call it. I was hoping to dig a little bit deeper on the causes why it's coming down. I know you highlighted M&A as one of the causes. Also, wage rates -- it sounds like it's continuing to play a role. If I look at the detail, it also looks like financial services, even on a non-GAAP basis, the operating margins were down a little bit more in those areas. Is there something specific in financial services or products, which looks like they had the most of the year-over-year decline that you'd call out, or any other forces to illustrate what's going on with operating margins would be helpful. Thank you.
David Rowland: Yes, products and financial services are both situations where the contract profitability is lower than it was last year. I'll remind you that we do have under any circumstances we have ebb and flow or operating margin across our operating groups as their portfolio mix just evolves right. And so a swing of a point or two in either direction shouldn’t be over read at that level because sometimes it's just the ebb and flow of the portfolio and then the time of kind of balance the overall expenses associated with that. In terms of the 10 basis points, again I guess to be blunt I am not -- I don't want to defend 10 basis points in the sense that it's very consistent, it's within the range that's been very consistent with the range we had communicated for several years now and in certain years there are circumstances where we are at the upper end of that range and other years there are circumstances where we are at the lower end of the range. The circumstances this year I think we covered quite well on last quarter's call and again we're making improvement. We've seen progress in the third quarter in dealing with those points that we raised, but yet they are in the mix nonetheless for how we're positioned for the full year.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: So philosophically investors should be thinking about next couple of years, 10 to 30 basis points operating margin improvement is still the right way to think about it.
David Rowland: Yes, I am not going to -- I am not going to comment explicitly on forward-looking guidance. I'll just say that our overwriting objectives as an organization haven’t changed.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Fair enough, many thanks.
David Rowland: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. So, I'm not going to ask you to defend the 10 basis points, but I do just want to follow up on the margin concept, which is, if we were to -- if we were disaggregating what is a function of mix, that is shifting to what would ultimately be considered lower dollar profit, relative to, let's say, wage inflation cost, how would you have us parse that? As we think about this quarter, the combination of what you talked about last quarter, and then thinking about what is ultimately embedded in your bookings? Thank you.
David Rowland: Yes, frankly that is such -- that there are so many new nuances and so much kind of detail in trying to answer that question, it's just even if that was information that we wanted to share that level of detail it's just I can't really do it in three minutes on an earnings call to be frank. Again what I would say is that in general terms what I would say is that job number one for us in driving our profitability objective going forward is to get payroll efficiency right. And that is something that we've traditionally done very, very well and that is something that is we are extremely focused on in particular in the next several quarters given some of the things we highlighted last week. Job number two in optimizing our profitability is to manage the mix across our portfolio. So finding the right mix where the opportunities are in the marketplace and then as the mix shifts across the different offerings that we provide to then job number three is to align our underlying cost structure to make sure that it's consistent with the realities of our portfolio of work. And I mean at a very simple level those are the things that we've always had to focus on and that's what we'll continue to focus on going forward.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just quickly: How important, ultimately, is the correlated rebound in EMEA to your consulting business, because we're seeing some trends in both of those and I'm just wondering, from a sustainability perspective, how important is that for you to have both trending in the right direction? Or do you think consulting can actually throttle up, even in the face of EMEA maybe having problems in the future? Thanks.
Pierre Nanterme: We're definitely very pleased to see the rebound we had in EMEA, which is something we've been watching very carefully this last quarter. And we invested a lot in EMEA around client opportunities, especially around large-scale transformations program combining consulting outsourcing and BPO across the Board and as we expected, starting in Q3, we see EMEA coming back. And what I am particularly pleased with is when you look at the countries contributing to EMEA growth both from a consulting and outsourcing standpoint, we have quite largest markets in the country and countries in Europe and think about France, Italy, Germany the U.K. And it is very encouraging to see that with the slow recovery of Europe that seems to show some sustained ability on this slow recovery in Europe is creating more confidence with investors and this is what's explaining the pickup of our business in Europe plus the execution of the strategy we mentioned before. Large scale transformation, operating at the heart of our clients operation, investing in the new -- by the new I am thinking a lot around the digital and the excellent contribution of BPO. So it's quite well balanced across the Board, but again it's probably more on the outsourcings and the consulting, but anyway pleased with both results.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Milunovich - UBS: Thank you. Could you characterize how much of your business comes from emerging markets and maybe discuss what's going on in some of those particularly China and Brazil?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so if you look at the way we now -- look at the markets, you have North America, you have Europe and you have what we might call the gross market, which is a little bit different from what you have in Americas, EMEA and APAC. So clearly the vast majority of the business we're doing is concentrated in North America and Europe. Now we're pleased with what we are doing in APAC in Africa and in Latin America. So let me give you some insights, which are noteworthy. Starting with Latin America as you know and we signaled that in the prior quarters, we were watching carefully what was happening in Brazil. We had excellent performance for many years and we had a kind of pause almost a year ago literally. So again it's very encouraging to see that through all the efforts made by our Brazilian leadership, Brazil is back with high single digit growth this quarter. So again, we're going to watch that carefully, but it's very encouraging signals. Moving to APAC, very consistent and very important for us because it's a large country for Accenture. Japan is sustaining a very strong double-digit growth and it's not the story of a quarter. It's been true this last quarter. So we're building a stronger practice in one the largest market as well in APAC to a smaller scale, but very interesting. We had very good performance in India as well, which has continued to growing very well and I can mention even Middle East in new places where we see good prospects. And may be finally getting to Africa, this is probably a place where we need to put more attention especially in South Africa as you know which is a country, which is very dependent on natural resources and very consistent what David mentioned previously natural resources, very cyclical challenging industry. South Africa very dependent on natural resources and it's a country where we are most challenged. All in all we're pleased with the progress we are making in all emerging markets.
Steve Milunovich - UBS: That's great. Thank you. And I was curious what role you're playing in helping companies think through their adoption of cloud, and if your cloud brokering business is doing well and could become significant.
Pierre Nanterme: We couldn’t be more cloud friendly at that venture. We embrace the cloud. We promote the cloud. And the cloud is developing very well because it's bringing to our clients a true and compelling value proposition in the way to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the operations. You’ve seen in a couple of cases I shared with you that cloud was quite prominent either in the way we're proposing application package as a service. I am very pleased with what we are doing with our own solution called Duck Creek, delivered at Berkshire Hathaway as a service, and operated in Accenture Cloud. And I think these days is probably a piece of art, if you will in the way we are delivering a package in a new and compelling way as a service and we are operating this service in Accenture Cloud platform. So we are a big fan of this.
Steve Milunovich - UBS: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Foresi with Janney. Please go ahead.
Joe Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi. I just want to go back to profitability really quickly. Where are you seeing the biggest impact on profitability? Is that new or old work? And what does that imply going forward? I'm just wondering if its renewals or the new work that you were seeing the pricing issues that you mentioned last quarter?
David Rowland: Yes, I would say that I guess in answering the question maybe I will start with saying that we were very pleased with the work that we contracted in the third quarter from a profitability standpoint overall. Again I think that some of the things we talked about last quarter I mean, I would just be redundant with those -- with those messages, we had last quarter declared some pricing pressure. We related that to some pressure on profitability, but yet we've said this quarter that it's been stable. We highlighted last quarter some pressure in contract profitability, but yet we actually were pleased with our contract profitability this quarter and saw some positive progression from where we were last quarter. So that's kind of our existing book of business and maybe I could just be concise in answer it that way in that we are always focused on improving contract profitability. We did see some improvement from last quarter to this quarter sequentially and again we were very pleased with the economics of the deals that we contracted in the third quarter.
Joe Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That's very helpful and just my follow-up, consulting looked like it up-ticked a little bit going, what was the driver of that and how sustainable is that driver going forward? What should we be looking for to see what the trends in consulting can look like?
Pierre Nanterme: On the consulting if you look and it's not the old story, but clearly all what we are doing in digital is a big contributor and is getting a stronger and stronger contributor if you will to our consulting business. You will find in this consulting all the work we are doing through Accenture Interactive with all the capabilities from a management consulting standpoint to a system integration standpoint, solutions we're providing to enable the digital consumer. I am thinking about all the work we're doing through Accenture Mobility, again a good combination of management consulting and system integration work to enable mobility. Couldn’t be more pleased that recently Fiat accepted to communicate around the UConnect Solution we've been putting in place, which is absolutely cutting and leading-edge in mobility and of course very pleased with the momentum of Accenture Analytics, which again is a good mix of MC and system integration to what we are calling consulting and all of this is now becoming a stronger driver for our consulting growth.
Joe Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Pierre Nanterme: Hey David.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Hello David. Employee attrition moved up two points in the quarter to 14% from 12%, what was the key reason for that?
David Rowland: It's -- I don't think that there was anything in particular underneath that. It's -- that 14% is well within our tolerant zone and there is ebb and flow and so just frankly there really isn’t a story behind that. It's just kind of the normal flow of how attrition goes.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Just as a key follow-up, you mentioned a target of 65,000 gross employee adds for this year, is that an uptick from what you indicated in Q2?
David Rowland: It is. I think KC can correct me, but I think we said 60,000 last quarter and we said -- and then 65,000 this quarter.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: And which practice areas are you adding more employees versus previous plan.
David Rowland: It's across our practice. There is not a particular area of concentration. There is clearly a mix of GDN in there obviously, but beyond that, we are, we're doing some level of hiring probably in most of the markets around the globe and some of it relates to many of the things Pierre has commented on where we have these new exciting areas that are growth engines for us going forward and we're always bringing skills and talent on Board.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Understood. Thank you very much.
David Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: A question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co.: Yes, hey guys. Good morning. Great job.
David Rowland: Good morning.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co.: And so I guess just a couple of kind of cash flow items, this is the first year in a while we've talked about this before that free cash flow was kind of going to be in line maybe even a little below income and just wondering if over time, you kind of expect that to exceed earnings. Just kind of wondering kind of your long term expectations around that.
David Rowland: Yes, I think I've said last quarter that we feel very good about our -- the structural drivers if you will of our cash flow and so we expect to be a business that continues to focus on cash flow as part of our economic model. We continue to have industry leading DSOs. We have a capital like business. We don't anticipate that that's going to change. So -- and we are always focused on managing our profitability, which gets to our cash operating expense outflow in a particular year. So this year is what it is, but we think that the structural underpinnings of our business from that standpoint remain unchanged.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co.: Good. And just because there haven’t been quite enough questions on margins yet, one small item with last quarter, last quarter you talked a little bit about the bonus accruals being brought down a few hundred million just to manage cost and given how good revenue trends are now, I knew that that's very encouraging, I am just wondering if that has been undone a little bit and may be that part of the reason that margins are a little lower.
David Rowland: Yes, not to disappoint you with the answer, but I'll just remind you David and you and the others who remember that we really have had a practice, I am not talking about variable comp and the only time when we'll talk about it is when it is important to understanding the story in a particular quarter, which is not the normal scenario. We commented on it last quarter because it was relevant to understanding the story. That is not the case this quarter, and so the expectation is going to be that we are not going to do a root canal on variable comp each and every quarter. I appreciate the question. I appreciate why you asked it. We kind of served it up with what we said last quarter that that's our position on it.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird Co.: Got you. Well, great progress.
David Rowland: Thank you. Appreciate it.
KC McClure: Katie, we have time for one more question and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: And the last question comes from Sara Gubins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Sara Gubins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for sneaking me in. Is application outsourcing growing faster or it pans above or below overall outsourcing segment and if you could just talk about how you are responding to the market pressures in this offering?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, again we're very pleased with all the application outsourcing, overall the outsourcing part of our business, especially pleased with the application outsourcing business, which has been growing nicely. It's clearly responding to a strong demand from our clients in rationalizing their IT operation. It is a very competitive market. It's a very competitive environment and it's a very large market as well. So no doubt Accenture will want to compete in that very large market and being extremely competitive in this marketplace and we are of course benefitted from all our global delivering work and we talked about now the 190,000 people we have in our different delivery network supporting not only application outsourcing and BPO. So, we believe today that despite the fact that it's a highly demanding and competitive environment, we are equipped to fight and win in that particular segment and this has reflected in the excellent growth we had in Q3.
Sara Gubins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David Rowland: Thank you, Sara.
Pierre Nanterme: All right. It's time to close the call and thanks again for joining us on today's call. In closing, very briefly let me share a few thoughts. As we entered the first quarter, we feel good about our business and are confident that we're well positioned to deliver our business outlook for the year. We're focused on executing our growth strategy, which again is all about delivering transformational change for clients at the core of their operations, capturing the opportunities in key growth areas, especially around digital and BPO and investing to further strengthen our capabilities and each and every day, everywhere around the world, our Accenture people bring their unique passion and energy to drive value for both our clients and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the mean time, if you have any questions, feel free to call KC. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 today through September 24 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 328224. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code is 328224. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-03-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure - Director of IR Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and CEO David P. Rowland - CFO 
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co. Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities James Friedman - SIG Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your question and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions) And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Tom. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will then take you through the financial details including income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2014. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed on the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. As a reminder, in Q2 of last year our results included benefits from final determinations of prior year U.S. Federal tax liabilities and a reduction in reorganization liabilities. We include reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks everyone for joining us today. Our results for the second quarter were pretty much in line with our expectations. We achieved record new bookings, delivered revenues within our guided range and grew earnings per share while continuing to return substantial cash to our shareholders. Here are a few highlights. We delivered outstanding new bookings of more than $10 billion, including record consulting bookings of $4.6 billion and record outsourcing bookings of $5.5 billion. We generated revenues of $7.1 billion, a 3% increase in local currency and above the midpoint of our guided range. Earnings per share were $1.03, compared to $1 on an adjusted basis in the second quarter last year. Operating margin was 13.3%, which is flat compared to the second quarter last year on an adjusted basis. Our balance sheet remains very strong ending the quarter with a cash balance of $3.7 billion. And we continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today, we announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.93 per share which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $1.86 per share, a 15% increase over last year. So, overall, we're pleased with our results for the first half of fiscal year 2014 and are encouraged by our very strong bookings of nearly $19 billion year-to-date, which position us well for the second half. We have updated our business outlook for the full fiscal year and David will cover it later in the call. Over to you, David.
Dave P. Rowland: Thanks, Pierre. And as always, it's great to have the opportunity to talk with you about our financial results and how we're positioned for the full year. Before I get into the detailed results for the quarter, let me start by providing a few overall highlights. Our second quarter results reflected some clear areas of strength, but also some areas where we expect to perform better in the second half of the year. The bright spot was clearly in our new bookings where we posted $10.1 billion, setting new records in several areas of our business and providing further indication of how our differentiated capabilities are resonating with the market. Net revenues landed in the general zone that we expected, with 3% local currency growth, slightly above the midpoint of our guided range. On the profitability front, our operating margin for quarter two was flat with last year, resulting in 20 basis points of expansion for the first half of the year, solidly in our annual guidance range, but does reflect pricing and cost pressures in certain areas of our business which we're working hard to address. At the same time, we continued to invest at higher levels in our business and return a significant portion of our cash to our shareholders. So, all in all, quarter two was a solid quarter. With that, let's get to the numbers, starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were extremely strong at $10.1 billion, representing an all-time high. Consulting bookings were $4.6 billion, with a book-to-bill of $1.2 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $5.5 billion, with a book-to-bill of $1.6 billion. Looking further at our new bookings, there are several additional insights worth noting. Consulting new bookings were the highest quarter on record, building on our strong consulting bookings performance in quarter one. We saw good demand in both systems integration and management consulting, with both posting book-to-bills above the upper end of our target range. Outsourcing bookings were also at an all-time high, driven by extremely strong record bookings in BPO, where the demand environment remains robust and where we saw particularly high demand for our finance and accounting offerings. Technology outsourcing bookings were a little lighter this quarter; following strong bookings performance in quarter one. From an operating group perspective, CMT and Financial Services were the primary drivers to our strong bookings performance, which further strengthens their position for higher growth in the second half of the year. And finally, our results include 10 clients with bookings in excess of $100 million, as we continue to be the business partner of choice for helping our clients tackle their largest, most complex projects. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $7.13 billion, an increase of 1% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency, reflecting a negative 1.5% FX impact, consistent with the assumption we provided in December. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $3.7 billion, down 1% in U.S. dollars and flat in low local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.4 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency. Let me give you some highlights from the operating groups this quarter. Financial Services grew 5% in local currency with broad based double-digit growth in capital markets as well as continued strength in outsourcing overall. We're very pleased with growth rates in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific, and continue to be focused on driving improved growth rates in North America. Once again, our Products operating group delivered a very consistent level of growth, well above the Accenture average growth rate, at 5% growth in quarter two. The revenue drivers were similar to last quarter, meaning we continued to see broad based growth with positive growth in both consulting and outsourcing in all three geographic areas and in the majority of our industry segments. CMT returned to growth at 2% this quarter and we continue to see signs of positive momentum driven by demand for transformation-led value-driven projects. Our efforts to focus the business on new growth areas continue and we're seeing the impact in strong consulting growth across all of our geographic regions. The Americas region continues to be the primary driver of growth, especially in electronics and high tech. H&PS growth for the quarter was 1%. And while we did signal some moderation in growth from quarter one, growth in the quarter was a little lower than we expected. Our Health business continued to have strong growth, particularly in the Americas. Our Public Service business had a modest decline in the quarter as the environment in Europe continues to be challenging. Looking ahead, we expect a ramp-up in H&PS growth in the second half of the year, beginning with a significant uptick in quarter three. Resources growth was flat in quarter two. The energy business continues to be the real bright spot globally with double-digit growth. But cyclical challenges in natural resources continue to negatively impact the overall growth rate of our Resources business. Having said that, we do still expect to have positive growth for the year. Before moving down the income statement, let me provide some overall context on the factors impacting our profitability this quarter. Specifically, our operating results for the quarter reflect lower contract profitability, primarily driven by pricing pressures and our challenge in absorbing higher payroll cost and to a lesser extent, lower margins in the early stages of a few large contracts. At the same time, our results also reflect a higher level of investment in the quarter to build new capabilities, including strategic acquisitions aimed at enhancing our capabilities in key growth areas. And while we have accrued a significant amount of variable compensation this year, we did accrue a lower amount in quarter two compared to the second quarter last year, which offset the factors previously mentioned. This lower variable compensation expense reduced accrued payroll in the balance sheet and is the primary driver for the reduction in our free cash flow guidance for the year, which I'll cover later. To be clear, our profitability does vary quarter-to-quarter and it's normal for us to have certain periods where we have areas of cost pressure which require intervention. And as always, we understand the areas that need attention and we're taking action at speed and with the rigor and discipline that our investors have come to expect. Now to the numbers. Gross margin for the quarter was 31.3% compared with 31.6% for the same period last year, down approximately 30 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 11.7% of net revenues compared with 11.8% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, down about 10 basis points. General and administrative expense was 6.2% of net revenues compared with 6.5% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, down approximately 30 basis points. As a reminder, we had two unusual items that impacted certain metrics in quarter two of last year. The following comparisons exclude the impact and reflect adjusted results. Operating incomes was $951 million in the second quarter, reflecting a 13.3% operating margin, equal to the adjusted operating margin for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24% compared with an adjusted tax rate of 24.8% for the second quarter last year. Net income was $722 million for the second quarter compared with adjusted net income of $720 million for the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share were $1.03, compared with adjusted EPS of $1 in the second quarter last year, an increase of $0.03. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding continued to be industry leading. They were 33 days, down slightly from 34 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $216 million resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $292 million, net of property and equipment additions of $76 million. Cash flows for the quarter and year-to-date have also been impacted by lower accrued variable compensation expense, which I previously noted. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at February 28 was $3.7 billion compared to $5.6 billion at August 31 last year. The current levels reflects the cash returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends as well as the higher level of acquisitions we've made in the first half of this year. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 289,000 people and we now have approximately 192,000 people in our global delivery network. In quarter two, our utilization was 87%, consistent with last quarter and slightly down from quarter two last year. Attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 12%, up approximately 1% from both quarter one in the same period last year. And lastly, we continue to expect that at least 60,000 people will join our company in fiscal 2014. Turning to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 9.2 million shares for $739 million at an average price of $80.40 per share. Year-to-date, we have purchased 18.9 million shares for approximately $1.5 billion at an average price of $77.25 per share. At February 28, we had approximately $5.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. As Pierre mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.93 per share, representing a 15% increase over the dividend we paid in May last year and this dividend will be paid on May 15th, 2014. So, in summary, with the first half of the year behind us, we're generally where we expected to be at this point in time. We see definite signs of building momentum in the market and in many areas of our business, yet the environment continues to be challenging and we're focused on what we need to do to deliver the year. Our focus, as always, is to leverage our strong position in the marketplace to capture the growth potential we see and to proactively manage the operations of our business to maximize profit, cash generations, and our overall return to our shareholders. With that, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. At Accenture, we're extremely focused on executing our growth strategy. And our record new bookings for the second quarter and for the first half of the year demonstrate that our services remain highly differentiated and are clearly resonating with the needs of our clients. One of the things that truly sets Accenture apart is that we combine our capabilities across consulting, digital, technology and business process outsourcing to deliver tangible results for our clients. Let me bring this to life with some key wins in the second quarter. We were selected by a global communications equipment company to provide HR, IT and finance and accounting services as part of a multi-year business transformation that is expected to deliver cost savings of more than $1 billion. We signed a long-term agreement with Monte dei Paschi di Siena, a large Italian bank, to provide finance and accounting, administration and other back office services as part of a strategic restructuring plan to enhance the bank's competitiveness in the marketplace. We were also selected by a high tech leader in security systems to support the company's transformation across more than 90 countries. We will provide HR, finance and accounting and procurement services, leveraging our recent Procurian acquisition to reduce costs and improve operational efficiency. And I'm personally very pleased that a few weeks ago, we announced a unique new business model with SAP that we believe is a true game-changer in the industry. Through the newly formed Accenture and SAP Business Solutions Group, which includes dedicated experts from both companies, will jointly develop integrated, industry-specific and cloud-based solutions. Our broad industry and technology capabilities have enabled us to build long and enduring client relationships with the world's leading companies. We continue to operate at the heart of our clients' businesses, especially when it comes to executing large scale, mission-critical programs that deliver tangible outcomes. For China Electric, we designed, implemented, and deployed a salesforce.com solution to more than 26,000 users in 100 countries, the largest sales force implementation in Europe. The new cloud-based solution has already delivered value by increasing cross-selling and account coverage by 20%. For Endesa, one of the world's largest electric power companies, we're supporting the rollout of more than 13 million smart meters in Spain. Through a multi-year business process outsourcing agreement, we're facilitating the expansion of smart metering operations and integrating existing billing systems and business processes. And for a global pharmaceutical company, we're arming sales reps with a variety of digital technologies across tablets, smartphones and PCs, to deliver a personalized user experience to doctors in more than 200 countries. These new digital promotion and sales program has already delivered $15 million in savings. Turning now to the geographic dimension of our business. In the Americas, we grew revenues 4% in local currency, which is consistent with Q1. Growth was driven by the United States and we're pleased that our business in Brazil is starting to turn the corner. In EMEA, revenues were flat in local currency compared to the second quarter last year. We're starting to see good pickup in growth in important countries such as Switzerland, the U.K., Italy, Germany and France. And in Asia-Pacific, we grew revenues 4% in local currency, driven by continued strong growth in Japan. Before I close, I want to share something I'm personally very proud of. You have often heard me speak about our diamond clients, which are our largest client relationships and increasing the number of diamond clients is clearly a priority for us to drive more growth. I am pleased that we added 16 new diamond clients in the first half of the fiscal year, which brings us to a net total of 138 diamond clients, an all-time high. Before I hand back to David, I want to comment on the global economic environment which, frankly, continues to be challenging especially in the emerging markets. As you would expect, we're carefully monitoring the recent geopolitical developments in Eastern Europe, which are introducing an additional level of uncertainty in the marketplace. That said, given our strong bookings year-to-date and the level of activity we're seeing, I continue to feel confident that we're well-positioned to drive more growth in the second half of the year. With that, I will turn it back to David who will provide our business outlook for Q3 and the full fiscal year.
Dave P. Rowland: Thanks, Pierre. Let me now turn to our business outlook and let me start by saying based on where we are for the first half of the year, we've of updated most of the metrics in our business outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.4 billion to $7.65 billion, this assumes the impact of FX will be flat compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2013. For the full fiscal year 2014, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we continue to assume the impact of FX on our results in U.S. dollars will be negative 0.5% compared to fiscal 2013. With strong bookings in the first half of the year, balanced with 3% revenue growth year-to-date, we now expect net revenue for the full fiscal 2014 to be in the range of 3% to 6% growth in local currency. For the full fiscal year 2014, we now expect new bookings to be in the range of $33 billion to $36 billion. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal 2014 to be in the range of 14.3% to 14.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal 2013 results. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.5%. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2014 to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.62 or 7% to 10% growth over adjusted fiscal 2013 results. Turning to cash flow. We now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion, with property and equipment additions remaining at approximately $400 million, and free cash flow now in the range of $2.9 billion to $3.2 billion. We've lowered our cash flow guidance to reflect our updated assumption that we will accrue lower variable compensation due to higher current year operational spending as compared to what we assumed in our original guidance range. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $3.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also now expected to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 3%, as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up, so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. I would ask that you each keep to one question and a follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask a question. Tom, would you provide instructions for those on the call, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang representing JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Great. Thanks so much. I want to first ask on the comment that you made on contract productivity and pricing pressure, can you elaborate there? Are you -- sounds like you're unable to pass along higher payroll costs or maybe you're seeing outright pricing pressure, can you elaborate in what areas? Thanks.
Dave P. Rowland: Yeah I would say, Tien-Tsin, by the way, hello, good to talk to you this morning, I would say that the dial is probably turned up a little bit since last quarter in terms of the pricing environment and there's a couple of factors that are worth noting. One is that the ongoing trend in vendor consolidation is influencing the pricing environment. And then secondly, we have seen more pricing pressure, if you will, in certain areas, and in particular in the application services area where the environment competitive characteristics are such that price is becoming very prominent in the bidding process. So, that's what we see on the pricing front. We also have seen some pricing pressures on our existing book of business and what that means specifically as you alluded to is we're a little further behind where we had expected to be and able -- in terms of being able to pass cost rates through on our existing contracts. And so those are the two dynamics that we saw in our second quarter results.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Understood, makes sense. Just my follow up then just -- obviously the bookings were very strong, high book-to-bills in consulting which is great. Just curious though on the revenue productivity or the revenue production, I guess, that came in the middle of guidance after beating the last couple of quarters, if I'm remembering that correctly. So, what are the biggest factors that changed in terms of revenue production this quarter?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, I would -- Tien by the way, I think last quarter we were at the upper end of the range. But I think one factor clearly is what we just talked about, is the pricing both on new work and existing work and then how that ultimately impacts the conversion to revenue. We do see a situation in consulting in particular where from a volume standpoint we're actually seeing very strong growth, and in fact, I would say that our volume growth is where we expected, if not better. The pricing environment is impacting that such that we're getting the net result in our revenue growth in consulting in particular.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: That's helpful. I appreciate it.
Dave P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney. Please go ahead.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, just going back to pricing, could you help us reconcile -- and usually pricing competition is an indication of either a slowdown or a maturity, yet the bookings are really strong. Can you help us reconcile those two pieces?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, let me make a comment and then Pierre may have a few comments as well. I would say in this case to the contrary the environment is actually quite strong. We feel very good about our pipeline, even with the conversion of such a large portion of our pipeline to bookings last quarter. So, the level of client discussions that are taking place and clients' willingness to contract work is actually quite strong. Having said that, if there is a common theme and we've talked about this for several quarters now, clients are by and large focused on cost optimization. I think that is a trend that we see almost in every industry and every market around the world. And so clients are moving forward, driving the business forward, looking at investments that they need to make, but they're doing it with an eye towards being very cost conscious in the contracting investments they're making in their business.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, without piling on David, this is exactly right. We see demand in the marketplace. Definitely reflecting result, very strong bookings both in consulting and outsourcing and we have excellent win rates as well. So, the main issue -- and we're working on it, or challenge if you will more than an issue, because we're working on it, is more in application services. This business is highly competitive and clients continue to be very mindful, thoughtful, good negotiators with procurement and so it's putting some very specific pressure in that part of the business. Now, that being said, we have other parts of the business and I'm thinking about digital, for instance and consulting, where the price is stable or even we can pass the price. So, it's always the same pattern, if you will. When you can differentiate and provide differentiated innovative solutions, you can keep your price stable or even improve your price. But in the market which is more like application services, less around innovation, if you will, even if we're working hard on it to differentiate, there is some price pressure because the competition is quite intense.
Dave P. Rowland: And I'll just -- without piling on, there's probably one other nugget which is worth noting, is that the success that we've had with the larger transformational deals, we've actually seen very stable pricing on those large contracts that as a portfolio has met our expectations. We have seen, as I called out in my prepared comments, that on many of these contracts, the way they are structured, the profitability is a little lower in the earlier term of the contract. But overall, the pricing for these larger contracts where we are highly differentiated has held up very well as well. 
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up obviously guidance is backend loaded in your fiscal year. Maybe you could give us some color as to where the confidence is coming from that that's going to be the progression throughout the year. Obviously the bookings are strong, but we've seen quarters in the past where there's been a slower conversion rate of those bookings. So, are these large deals that are going to hit in the back half of the year, how should we think about the ramp?
Dave P. Rowland: I think there's probably four things I would call out. The first thing I would say is that first of all, we've got the foundation generally that we expected to be at the halfway point and so there's no real surprises -- excuse me, from that perspective. The second thing is the fact that we do have strong -- very strong bookings and in fact, if you look at the bookings we've had over the last two quarters, it is as strong as any two quarter period we've ever had. The third thing I would say is that -- excuse me, the three themes that we called out last quarter, which you may remember, we talked about the impact that the transformational deals that we've sold over the last several quarters, the revenue ramp that we see in those contracts. We talked about the investment that we have made in business services and how that would begin to impact our revenue in the second half of the year. And then we also talked about the return that we would get from the investment that we have made in several acquisitions and the impact that that would have. Excuse me; I actually have a frog in my throat. But those are the main things I would call out in terms of the reasons for our confidence in the back half of the year.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you. 
Pierre Nanterme: Sorry for the frog, David. Hopefully, nothing to do with the (indiscernible).
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Water could probably help right there.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, yeah, nothing personal between David. But -- no you're exactly right; I think we feel confident with the second part of the year, exactly that we are where we expected to be. And the large scale transformation program together with the return on the investments we're making and good pipeline, good book-to-bill, and good contracted revenues as well. If you combine all of these factors, they represent a strong basis for confidence for the second part of the year.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead sir.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, I had two questions also if I could. The first is on the consulting side. Your book-to-bill was very strong this quarter. If I look back over the last six or plus quarters, it's been over 1, yet it hasn't translated into positive revenue growth. So, in the February quarter, it was a relatively easy compare, it still came in zero. Could you comment on how you see the growth over the next couple quarters in consulting specifically, please?
Dave P. Rowland: Yeah. For the full year, we still see consulting being flattish to low single-digit positive. With our outsourcing, by the way, being mid-to high single-digit positive, so our view of consulting really hasn't changed from where it was when we started the year. Again, a little bit of connecting the dots between the bookings and the translation to revenue is what I referenced earlier, is that we actually are seeing quite a bit of growth from a volume standpoint. What we've seen is in the application services area especially is that we've seen a higher ramp-up or a reacceleration, if you will, in using our global delivery network. And so we have -- if you looked at the work that we're delivering to our clients in volume terms in consulting overall, it's actually up quite nicely. But again, we've got the dynamic of the revenue yield per hour as we're using our GDN capability at a higher level compared to the same periods last year. This is a dynamic that we've seen before. It's part of the ebb and flow of our business. We've managed through it before and we're in the process of managing through it now.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Well, then my follow-up relates to the cash flow. You mentioned that cash flow guidance is coming down. I think you said, health is lower variable comp, but I heard is operational investments. And I was wondering if you could elaborate on what those operational investments are? Thank you.
Dave P. Rowland: Yeah, to be clear, it was not operational investments, it was operational spending. So, if you think about it -- so we started the year with an assumption in our cash flow guidance for what our accrued variable comp would be.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Dave P. Rowland: As that -- as our assumption has come down for the year on that now, by about $300 million, that assumption for accrued variable comp has been replaced by operational spending, if you will, that has cash out the door as compared to the accrued variable comp which has no cash out the door this year, would have cash out the door next year. And so that dynamic is what has impacted our cash flow, which you could say is as much as anything else a timing issue, because to the extent has an unfavorable impact on us this year, it will have a favorable impact next year if the scenario plays out because we would obviously have less cash out the door next year.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: But David what are those operational investments incremental?
Dave P. Rowland: It would primarily be higher base payroll, as an example. With the volume growth -- in fact, as you look at our headcount statistics, you'll see that our headcount growth over the last couple of quarters has been meaningful and so we have more heads, more payroll, base pay comp. We also have slightly lower utilization on the margin as we've been building bench in certain areas in anticipation of revenue ramping and so all of those dynamics come into play.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: All right, fair enough. Thank you.
Dave P. Rowland: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co.: Hey, thanks guys. So, I want to get your views on this pricing and mix shift to offshore, as far as how much of this you think is structural and kind of a new normal going forward. I know you're obviously talking about the application services piece, or do you see this as being more of a one-off?
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah, I -- both, if you will. I think what we've seen is there is a structural shift, if you will, from offshore -- onshore to offshore, especially in application services and something at Accenture, we embraced a long time ago and we have every year more resources offshore participating to the application services and that will not change. We will continue to have global delivery network and we will continue to try to find the right mix between the offshore and the onshore. So, this thing is more like, if you will, a secular trend. Now, for all the reasons mentioned by David, at some point in time, different factors are combining and impacting our pricing situation. We mentioned some renegotiation in the context of vendor consolidation. It has happened more in this quarter than other quarters. David mentioned that when you're selling large scale transformation program, typically the first year from a pricing standpoint are more dilutive and then in terms of margin and then you're recovering at the backend of the program. So, I think we had a combination of factors in Q2 that has put pressure on the pricing. But the offshoring trend, this one is no change and is structural.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then just for my follow-up, coming back to the point on reducing the accrued comp by $300 million or so this year, can you give us a sense of what percent cut in the total accrued comp is the $300 million? And then do you have any concerns about the downstream impacts on attrition potentially?
Dave P. Rowland: Yeah, and it is important to have a little bit of context on this, so that it is not misinterpreted. The first thing I would say is that the -- this particular program that we're referencing is one program as part of a much bigger set of variable comp programs that we have in the firm. And if you look at our variable comp accruals overall, as I said in my prepared remarks, we accrued a significant amount of variable compensation. In this one particular program, which is targeted at our managers and above, it's not the only variable program targeted at them, but for this one program that is targeted to the managers and above where the determination of what we accrue in a quarter is based on a formula tied to specific financial metrics. In this particular program we have accrued less. And for the full year, we expect that it could be in the $300 million range based on our current scenarios, although we are working hard in the back half of the year to improve that. But you have to look at that $300 million in the context of a payroll structure that is roughly $20 billion overall. So it's meaningful in the context of our cash flow guidance, which is why we called it out so that you could understand the change to cash flow. In the context of our overall payroll structure its $300 million on a total base of roughly $20 billion.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co.: Right. But the vast majority of the $20 billion is just base pay, right?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, you say -- well, vast majority would be a true statement. We do have significant variable comp in our plan, but it would be true to say that more of the comp is fixed than variable.
Pierre Nanterme: Indeed. And so, to answer your second question, whether we are concerned or not? I'm not pleased, but I'm not concerned. I'm not pleased because it's always better to accrue all the valuable comp incurred. Now, I'm not concerned because first, its mid-year, and I guess we have time to recover in the second part of the year, especially as we see the business shaping for the second part of the year. As David mentioned, this piece is more targeted to our executive and leaders. So I'm taking that as a strong incentive for them to perform in the second part of the year, so they will receive their valuable comp.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co.: Very good. All right. Thank you for the comments.
Operator: Next question today comes from the line of Edward Caso representing Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about Accenture Digital Services? You didn't really mention that. I was sort of surprised.
Pierre Nanterme: Couldn't be more pleased with Accenture Digital, and you're right. Frankly, thanks a lot for your question because we -- of course, we had to explain a part of the business where we have either not issues, but challenges of thing we want to be very transparent with you and talk where we are. Now, the vast majority of our business is doing just extremely well. That's why I wanted to share with you couple of programs including what we are doing for this pharmaceutical company, which is quite a large scale digital business. So we set up Accenture Digital January 1. In Accenture Digital we have now 23,000 people plus. So we have probably established in January one of the largest digital organizations in the world. We're combining all is related to digital marketing with Accenture Interactive, Accenture Mobility around mobility and Accenture Analytics. And we're very pleased with the result of this unit which is continue to grow, I would say, with strong double-digit. So very, very pleased, the level of demand is extremely high. But more important, I truly believe that Accenture is differentiated in the marketplace. We are more end-to-end than anyone else in digital marketing. Our Mobility organization is just on fire. And, as you know, there is great demand for analytics. And, of course, through the creation of Accenture Digital, we have the unique ability now to create synergies among these three capabilities and be even more end-to-end. So we're extremely pleased with Digital.
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities: Got it. Can you break out the components of the health and public services that help the European government, the U.S. government? Give us a sense where strengths and weakness are.
Pierre Nanterme: I could. I mean, let me start, because indeed in HPS you have the H and the PS. We commented a lot on heath which continue to be an industry we're very pleased, we're very proud. We made significant investment three years ago and now we're getting a strong return. If you're looking on a year-to-date basis, its one of the industry where we're still growing double-digits, so its part of our top performing, specially in the U.S., but as well in other part of the world, in Asia-Pacific to name a few. PS is indeed a different story. And it has been this last years. We continue to be very pleased with what we are doing in the public sector, probably more in the U.S. standpoint. Europe continued to be a challenge from a public sector spending which is probably not a big new news.
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Ed.
Operator: And next we'll go to line of James Friedman with SIG. Please go ahead.
James Friedman - SIG: Hi. Thank you. Pierre, could you elaborate on your comments regarding Brazil and share some context through that?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, of course. Probably -- exactly a year ago we've been taken by surprise, to be honest, with what happened in Brazil. Brazil been performing extremely well for years. At Accenture we made right investments, we have the right leadership and it's still a country where we probably have one of the highest market share at Accenture. So all of this is not gone, but indeed 12 months ago we probably didn't anticipate what happened in Brazil from an economic standpoint, from a geopolitical standpoint and indeed, Brazil didn’t deliver what we expected. We've been working with the leadership of Accenture and the leadership of Brazil very hard this last four quarters to reposition Brazil for new growth. And I'm pleased to report that indeed in Q2 we feel that we are turning the corner with Brazil coming back flattened, hopefully positive for the reminder of the year. This is what I mentioned by turning the corner. So we worked hard for four quarters and I guess Brazil will be back with growth.
James Friedman - SIG: Thank you. I appreciate the context.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Bryan Keane's line with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, hi guys. Just a couple of follow-ups. Just on the Application Services area, I guess, I'm kind of wondering why now? I would have thought the move from onshore to offshore has already happened, so why in that particular area is it happening and kind of surprising?
Pierre Nanterme: This market is -- it's a very large market. If you look at the Application Services, it's probably one of the largest IT market in the world. So it's a market that's going to remain extremely competitive for long time. You have many providers, all extremely competitive and they all want to grow, they all want to take market share including us. So I don't think it's the end of the prior era, if you will. It's just the continuation of what's happening. And you see many of our competitors, of course, you have the Indian pure players who are already very offshore-centric, if you will, but many of our more classic competitors are accelerating their move to offshore as well. And what we see which may be, let's put that in the new-new, is Europe is moving now offshore in a more robust way. So if you look at this offshoring waves, first U.S. probably 10 years ago. Then they moved toward, what I like to call, the Anglo-Saxon corridor for whatever it means for you; U.S., U.K., Nordic, probably all the countries not speaking the same language like mine. And here you have also the reason earlier offshoring pickup. Now, and I'm taking that as a good news for Accenture, continental Europe and I'm thinking about Germany, France, Italy, Spain, we see this offshoring picking up. So it's a good news for us because we've been able to leverage our Global Delivery Network, but it's creating a very competitive market as well in these four or five countries I mentioned.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: And the pricing and cost pressures, I assume it's going to continue for the back half of the year. What are the offsets you guys are planning to do so that it -- you can still grow margin?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, we are working in the areas where the environment is more competitive. First of all, we're working very hard on aligning the cost to serve or our delivery cost with the pricing realities, and that is ongoing. The second thing that we're doing is that we are managing all of the levers of our payroll structure which we always do, but let's say we're doing it with an even higher level of intensity to make sure that we optimize the efficiency of our payroll structure against the revenue profile that we see. We're also focused, as you would expect, on discretionary elements of our operating expenses. And then, we continue our journey in terms of our focus on our infrastructure cost and our business management function cost, if you will, and so, none of those things are new. As I said, we go through periods like this. This is a normal ebb and flow in our business, and so the actions that we're taking they aren't new bullets in the gun. We're doing the things we always do to manage and optimize our profitability as the business ebbs and flows. And we feel good about the actions we have on the table.
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. And at the end of the day, again, we feel confident in our ability to grow our revenues more in the second half of the year based on very clear facts. And as we will ramp up our organic growth in the second part of the year, we will be able to absorb more cost.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very helpful. Last question for me. David, you said you're not expecting much improvement. It doesn’t sound like in the constant currency consulting growth rate. I guess, with the bookings being where they are, they've been stronger. What's preventing that increase or acceleration in the consulting side?
Dave P. Rowland: Yeah. Flat to low single-digit positive. And again, I don't want to be redundant with what I've said earlier, but one of the things we're navigating right now in the consulting growth equation is this -- is the acceleration, if you will, of higher utilization of GDN for Application Services. But yet we see very strong growth in Digital. We see growth in other areas of our consulting business as well, but the mix of all of that together is what leads us to the flat to low single-digit positive.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I got you. Thanks so much.
Dave P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, thanks. Any update on the average deal compression you're seeing in SaaS deals? Is that where you're seeing any of the pricing pressure? And then, progress on driving new partnerships like the extended SAP relationship you talked about in order to offset that impact from SaaS?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I'm going to take that one. And I'm very pleased to answer and very excited with what we are doing. If you look at the Consulting market, the ERP market, the Digital market; yes, this software or the added service world is evolving and is evolving quite rapidly. As you've seen, for instance, we are very pleased with the business we're doing with the salesforce.com. I highlighted one of the largest European implementation of sales force. We did with Schneider Electric a few months ago. So very pleased with the progress we are making on the software-as-a-service. We are investing, especially in the context of Accenture Digital, but as well in the context of our cloud activities to be much more relevant on this. And we are looking at critical partnerships to continue being differentiated in the marketplace. I absolutely wanted to signal what we are doing with SAP, with this Accenture and SAP business Solutions Group where indeed we are going co-invest with SAP in quite a meaningful way to create very industry-specific and cloud-based and SaaS-delivered solutions. And we believe it’s a true game changer. So I'm very excited with that. And what we are doing is very -- is so far unique in the marketplace.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And the average deal compression; is that still in the 15% to 20% range for SaaS deals?
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. On the SI, on the pure SI, you're right. We are monitoring that very carefully. So if you look at the -- when you look at a program, you have the specification, you have the design, you have the change management, you have the integration, you have the testing and you have the integration in the company. The system integration piece, which is part of this overall program, yes, we've seen this 20% to 30% less effort. What we've seen as well in this large program on SaaS a significant level of reinvestment of these savings in the other part of the program. So, all in all, as David mentioned, it's interesting to see that from a volume's standpoint the business is going up and is not going down. Now, we need to manage, indeed, the equation around the pricing relative to the offshoring. But it's not the volume issue; it's more, as in this program we have higher level of offshore, it's putting some pressure on the pricing. So it's not a volume issue. It's how you're managing the new economics, if you will, and I'm extremely comfortable that we will manage that very well.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then just a follow-up on bookings. As you know, you enjoyed strong bookings growth in 2012 that didn't convert to the same strong revenue growth last year. What's different about the recent double-digit bookings growth? Is contract duration changing or something else impacting your confidence that we'll see the revenue conversion this time around?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, again, I think what is different when you look at where we are this year to last year is that last year we are in a situation that we expected a broad uptick in the market that did not materialized. This year we're not expecting any change in market conditions. Last year we had some concentrated areas of weakness that, as Pierre said using Brazil as an example, which were unexpected. But it wasn't just Brazil. There were a few other areas where we had concentrated areas of weakens. We don't see that this year. And, in fact, the areas where we had concentrated weakness have generally improved. The third thing that we had last year is that we did have several large contracts that we're winding down. Where we had an assumption of our ability to replace those revenue streams and then grow on top of it that did not happen as expected, this year in the back half of the year we don't have that same dynamic. And that actually benefits probably four of our five operating groups as they turn to the second half of the year. And then again, this year we've got we believe more line of site to sources of incremental revenue. And so, we have our eyes focused on the things that we have to do to deliver this uptick in revenue that we see. But we do think the circumstances, as we see it, are different than they were last year.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's very helpful, David. Thanks.
Dave P. Rowland: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Darrin Peller representing Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Just to follow-up on that question around the sort of book-to-bill timing. Is there a different in percentage of what's actually contract renewals here versus new business? And just in terms of the size of these contracts and how long they really take to accrue to revenue, for the outsourcing sides given how strong the growth has been there, can you give us a little more color on the characteristics and the profile of those contracts today versus maybe what they used to look like a couple years back in terms of size as well as, again, how long you'd expect them to turn into revenue?
Dave P. Rowland: I guess if I just talk specifically about this quarter, I mean every quarter is different and any single quarter doesn’t necessarily indicate a trend. But if I just look at this quarter, as an example, we did have several very large contracts. And if you look at the average size of these large contracts on balance they are higher than what we've seen, let's say, over the last four to five to six quarters. And because of that the duration of those contracts, or the contract term in this particular quarter has ticked up a little bit. But again, I don't know that I -- well, I do know that I would not declare that a trend. I mean, this -- the composition of next quarter's bookings, mega-bookings will probably be a little big different.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Right.
Dave P. Rowland: But for this quarter, we did see the average deal size go up and we saw the duration lengthened and that does have for the contracts we signed does have a dynamics in terms of how those convert to revenue with longer duration contracts.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: And you see these going up here?
Pierre Nanterme: Yeah. It is interesting to see, if you look at '13 and now the beginning of '14 that indeed we've seen the average for Accenture and probably because of our positioning, successful positioning in transformation in these critical programs that the size of the deal has been going up and the duration as well is a little bit longer. And this, of course, giving us the positive, it is giving us more visibility in our business on the long term basis. And, of course, we are monitoring carefully, as you might imagine, the rate of conversion from the bookings to revenue. But from a visibility standpoint, we couldn't be more pleased that with our level of bookings and the size of the deal. And again, you mentioned David; we have 10 transactions over $100 million this quarter. And if you add Q1 and Q2, I guess we should be around $24 million.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Very good.
Pierre Nanterme: And if you compare -- which is a very big number. If you contrast to last year at the same period in time we were I guess around $21 million. So we are just slightly higher, but it's the demonstration that if you take '13 and '14 we are in the $20 million plus, if you will, transaction over $100 million, which is for me the confirmation of our positioning in terms of large scale transformation and that we are highly differentiated in that segment.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right. No, that is positive. And it's not like we're seeing more renewals as a percentage of the mix than prior years, right?
Dave P. Rowland: No. There's not anything notable in that regard.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. Just one quick follow-up on the organic. If you look at the quarter, what actually was the organic revenue growth rate versus -- I know there were just a couple of small tuck-ins, but…
Dave P. Rowland: You know, as we shared before, we're really just not going to get into specifics on the organic and inorganic. Because again, our inorganic is really an engine for organic growth, and these businesses really within the first year, in most cases, become indistinguishable from our organic business because they get integrated very rapidly and Procurian would be the latest example of that where we will quickly -- are in the process of quickly integrating that with our existing procurement business and it's hard to tell one from the other.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Got it.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right. Thank you, guys.
KC McClure: Tom, we have time for one more question then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar representing Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Thank you. So I guess the question I had was with regards to the ramping of the App Services business. Most of your competitors operate their GDN at a higher level of profitability. My understanding is that you guys had normalized the cost equation there. So I'm trying to bridge the disconnect between App Services growing and your comments on profitability. How much of that is related to, Pierre, your comments that it was in the five countries that you mentioned which might have tougher labor laws and what's the timeframe then?
Dave P. Rowland: I mean what I would say is that our cost rates -- our GDN cost rates are extremely market competitive. And so, we don't segment our profitability by Application Services versus BPO versus Digital, etcetera. But I think just, Ashwin, just to may be correct the misperception that you might have is that our GDN cost structure is very competitive, which is why we are able to compete very effectively in the Application Services space. So that we should be clear on.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: No, no. That part I was clear and I was asking not less -- less about cost structure, more about the profitability, but we could take that offline. I guess my quick follow-up on a different segment is or different area is do you expect the relationship between your net income and conversion to cash flow to be different than before, not just this year, but going forward?
Dave P. Rowland: Well, Ashwin, what I would say is that all of the factors that have made us a strong cash flow generation business, those factors remain intact. We have a relatively capital-light business. We are very good at managing our billing and collections. And, as you know, we are focused on growing our business, gaining market share and having modest margin expansion. And when you look at all of those things, we have to deliver on all those things, but if we do, fundamentally the structure that allows us to generate cash flow going forward should not be different than what its been in the past.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: The 1.2 times is a good…
Dave P. Rowland: I didn't say 1.2 times, I've said that if you look at -- if you think about what would represent a strong cash flow generation, really cash flow equal to net income, would be indicative of a very healthy company. And we expect to be a very healthy company.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Got it.
Dave P. Rowland: Thank you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Thank you.
Pierre Nanterme: It's five past. Thanks a lot for staying with us. I'm taking this as a strong confidence you're putting in Accenture and a strong interest in our company. So thanks again for joining us on today's call. With the first half of the year behind us, frankly, I feel very confident that we are well-positioned to deliver our business outlook for the year; and of course, the updated business outlook David mentioned. We continue to execute a strategy that I believe is differentiating us in the marketplace. With the opportunity to strengthened our leadership position in large scale transformation program we talked a lot about it in digitally-enabled solution, a very strong market for us, and a new and innovative business services. At the same time, we have a relentless focus on developing the skills and capabilities of our talented men and women around the world, more than 289,000 people around the world. So we can deliver the best of Accenture everyday and everywhere in the world. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions please feel free to call KC. Thanks a lot for paying attention to us. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting at 10:30 a.m. this morning and running through June 26 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialling 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 320421. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701, international participants dial 320-365-3844, and again the access code is 320421. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-12-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David P. Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2014, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of these measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the first quarter, which were in line with our expectations. We again delivered profitable growth and returned substantial cash to our shareholders. I'm particularly pleased with our new bookings, which demonstrate that we continue to provide differentiated and highly relevant services to our clients and which position us well for the rest of the fiscal year. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. We did a good, very strong new bookings of $8.7 billion, including consulting bookings of more than $4 billion. We generated revenues of $7.4 billion, a 3% increase in local currency and at the top of our guided range. We delivered earnings per share of $1.15, an 8% increase. We expanded operating margin 30 basis points to 14.8%. We generated free cash flow of $122 million, and we continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $4.5 billion. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareholders through a significant increase in our share repurchases this quarter versus Q1 last year and the payment of a semi-annual dividend of $0.93 per share, which is a 15% increase over our prior dividend. So we are off to a good start in fiscal year '14 with our business developing in a way that makes us confident in our ability to deliver our business outlook for the year. Now let me hand over to David, who will review the numbers in greater detail. David?
David P. Rowland: Thank you. Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays to all of you, and thanks for joining us today. As I review the results on this morning's call, you'll see that we delivered very good results in quarter 1 as compared to the business outlook that we provided for both the quarter and the full fiscal year. Our results continue to reflect good profitability and cash flow, and our result -- and our revenues landed at the top end of our guided range for the quarter with signs of positive momentum in several areas of our business. So overall, I was pleased with our quarter 1 results, which came in as expected and represent a solid start to the new fiscal year. Now let's get to the numbers, starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were $8.7 billion, the third highest quarter on record as we saw strong demand for our services across many dimensions of our business. Consulting bookings were stronger than expected at $4.3 billion with a book to bill of 1.1. Outsourcing bookings were very good as well at $4.4 billion, following a very strong quarter 4 with a book to bill of 1.3. Taking a closer look at our new bookings, there are several additional points worth noting. Consulting bookings were the second highest quarter on record and exceeded $4 billion for the first time since quarter 2 fiscal '13, reflecting good demand across the 3 components of our consulting business. In particular, systems integration bookings were the strongest in 3 quarters, reflecting double-digit sequential growth and a book to bill at the upper end of our target range. Outsourcing bookings reflected good demand in technology outsourcing with strong sequential growth and a book to bill of 1.3. BPO bookings were solid this quarter, following very strong bookings in quarter 4, and the overall demand environment remains robust. Bookings in Financial Services and H&PS both reflected double-digit sequential growth, providing a solid foundation for the remainder of the year. And lastly, we continued to see strong demand for helping our clients tackle their largest, most complex projects, resulting in 13 clients with bookings over $100 million. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $7.4 billion, an increase of 2% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency, reflecting negative 1% FX impact as compared to the approximately negative 2% impact provided in our business outlook last quarter. Adjusting for FX, we were at the top end of our guided range for the quarter. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $3.9 billion, down 1% in U.S. dollars and flat in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.4 billion, up 5% in U.S. dollars and down (sic) [up] 6% in local currency. Taking a closer look at our operating groups, the results were also very consistent with our expectations. So let me share some of the highlights. Products in H&PS led the way with both operating groups posting 6% growth. Products, our largest operating group, continued their track record of driving a very consistent level of growth, and once again, the results were characterized by broad-based growth across the dimensions of the business, meaning they delivered positive growth in both consulting and outsourcing in all 3 geographic areas and in the majority of industry segments. As expected, H&PS did see some moderation following 9 straight quarters of double-digit growth. Our Health business grew double digits driven by the Americas. Public service growth was also positive for the quarter with very strong growth in the Americas offset by a decline in EMEA. For H&PS overall, we expect some further moderation in the growth in the second quarter before building in the second half of the year. Financial Services grew 3% in local currency, very consistent with what I signaled last quarter. The transformational agenda continues to be a central theme with our clients, which fueled strong outsourcing growth in the quarter across most industries and geographic areas, offset by a modest decline in consulting. Also, it's important to note that we saw overall positive momentum in both EMEA and Asia Pacific with low single-digit growth in EMEA and very significant double-digit growth in Asia Pacific. Resources showed improvement with 1% local currency growth as the business continues to stabilize and position itself for positive growth this year. We continue to focus on repositioning the business in North America and EMEA. That said, we're seeing pockets of strength emerging in certain areas of our resources business, most notably in both our global energy business and Asia Pacific. CMT posted negative 2% growth in the quarter, but we continue to feel good about the actions underway to position the business for sustained, positive growth this year. Our efforts to diversify our CMT business are taking hold, and we see strong demand for transformation-led, value-driven projects where we are uniquely positioned. We continue to be pleased with our progress in the Americas, including very significant growth in electronics and high tech. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the quarter was 33.3% compared with 32.8% for the same period last year, up approximately 50 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 12.6% in net revenues compared with 12% of net revenues for the first quarter last year, up approximately 60 basis points. General and administrative expense was 6.1% of net revenues compared with 6.2% of net revenues for the first quarter last year. Operating income was $1.1 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 14.8% operating margin compared with 14.5% for the same period last year. This 30-basis-point increase reflects a benefit of approximately 20 basis points from a reduction and reorganization liabilities. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.1% compared with 26.8% for the first quarter last year. Net income was $812 million for the first quarter, and it was $766 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 6%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.15 compared with $1.06 in the first quarter last year, an increase of $0.09. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding continue to be industry leading. They were 34 days, up from 31 days last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was $122 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $181 million, net of property and equipment additions of $59 million. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at November 30 was $4.5 billion compared with $5.6 billion at August 31 last year and reflects our share repurchases this quarter in addition to the higher dividends we paid in November. Moving to some other operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 281,000 people, and we now have approximately 186,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In quarter 1, our utilization was 87% compared with 88% in quarter 4 last year. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 11%, down from quarter 4 and in line with quarter 1 last year. Lastly, we now expect that at least 60,000 people will join our company in fiscal '14. As it relates to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 9.7 million shares for $722 million at an average price of $74.27 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $6.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.93 per share for a total of $630 million. This represented a $0.12 or 15% increase over the dividend we paid in May. So in summary, in a market that offered many opportunities but also many challenges, our results came in as expected and gave us a good foundation to build on as we progressed throughout the year. With that, let me turn it back to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. At our investor and analyst conference in October, I shared with many of you how we are investing across the board to further differentiate Accenture and capture new ways of growth. Today, I'm going to provide a brief update on some of the steps we are taking to drive further innovation and to continue to build differentiated capabilities and solutions for our clients. Earlier this month, we launched 2 new growth platforms: Accenture Digital and Accenture Strategy. We continue to invest in strategic acquisitions to enhance our capabilities in key growth areas, and we remain focused on positioning Accenture as the partner of choice for large-scale transformation. Let me bring this to life with a bit more detail. Starting with Accenture Digital. Over the last few years, we have made significant investments in building our digital capabilities through Accenture Interactive, Accenture Analytics and Accenture Mobility. With Accenture Digital, we are bringing all of these together to create what we believe is the world's largest end-to-end digital capability. Accenture Digital includes 23,000 professionals working across the entire digital landscape, including developing, implementing and running digital solutions. It leverages the breadth and scale of Accenture's cloud, systems integration and enterprise application capabilities, as well as our Global Delivery Network. Combined with our industry expertise and broad local footprint, we are very well positioned to help clients transform their businesses to compete in a digital world. For Unilever, we built a digital social platform in 12 weeks to connect its marketers, brand managers and partners in 190 countries. We helped BT Sport reach millions of broadband customers by delivering their end-to-end video solution that spans live streaming video-on-demand mobile apps and cloud services. And for a leading European automaker, we are leveraging our mobility capabilities and our connected vehicle business service to bring customers new innovations inside their cars from real-time traffic information to voice-controlled entertainment. We also launched Accenture Strategy, a unique capability focused on strategy at the intersection of business, technology and operations. This new growth platform is all about helping C-suite executives shape and execute their transformation agendas, focusing on issues relative to growth and innovation, industry convergence, geographic expansion and enterprise transformation. In short, we helped them define and implement industry-specific strategies that are enabled by technology. This is our sweet spot, and we truly believe Accenture Strategy will be highly differentiated capability in the marketplace. For example, we are helping a global consumer products company increase its competitiveness and reestablish its leadership position across key product categories. Leveraging our strategy, technology and industry-specific operations expertise, we are helping the company deliver more than $1 billion in bottom line impact. At the same time, we continue to invest in strategic acquisitions to further differentiate our capabilities in key growth areas. Earlier this month, we finalized the acquisition of Procurian, making Accenture the clear leader in procurement BPO. The combination of Procurian's strategic sourcing expertise and our industry expertise will significantly enhance Accenture's end-to-end sourcing and procurement capabilities. We also continue to invest in differentiated industry-based business services. In manufacturing, we are expanding our product life cycle management services through the acquisition of PRION Group and PCO Innovation, which will enhance our ability to help automotive and industry equipment companies deliver products more quickly and efficiently. And finally, we remain the partner of choice for our clients' large-scale transformation programs. We continue to see strong demand for this type of work as demonstrated by our 13 bookings over $100 million in Q1, which David mentioned. We have a long-standing relationship with Dow Chemical and are now helping Dow with 1 of their most strategic transformation initiatives, positioning the company for cost savings and value creation of about $2.5 billion over 5 years. And we helped Ducati, the Italian motorcycle company, transform the way it interacts with dealers and customers. The new global dealer communication system is accessible through mobile devices across 88 countries, helping Ducati analyze sales and services activity to respond in real-time to customer demands. Now let me turn to the geographic dimension of our business. In the Americas, we grew even 4% in local currency with high single-digit growth in the United States, which is our largest market. However, we are facing challenges in both Brazil and Canada. In EMEA, revenues were up 1% in local currency, driven by growth in Switzerland, France, the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium. And in Asia Pacific, we grew revenues 5% in local currency driven primarily by growth in Australia, ASEAN and Japan. That is the strongest growth we have had in Asia Pacific since the first quarter last year. In a global economic environment that is characterized as more or less sluggish, we are managing our business with discipline to increase our competitiveness while continuing to invest to drive further differentiation. I feel confident that we are well positioned to drive more growth in the second half of the year where we will benefit from the return on our investments in launching new growth platforms, building new business services and acquiring new capabilities. With that, I will turn it back to David, who will provide our business outlook for Q2 and the full fiscal year.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Pierre. Before I get into the business outlook, I was told that I may have misspoken on a key metric, so let me just clarify that right now. Our outsourcing revenues were $3.4 billion. They were up 5% in U.S. dollars and up 6% in local currency. So let me now just turn to the business outlook, and let me start by providing some brief context for how we see the remainder of the year before I get into the numbers. From a revenue standpoint, as we've said, the first half of the year is shaping up very consistent with our -- with the expectations we had when we provided our initial business outlook. At the same time, we're seeing signs of momentum in certain areas of our business, and that is reflected in our strong quarter 1 bookings, as well as a very healthy pipeline as we move into the second quarter. Given that, as Pierre said, we're even more encouraged about our ability to drop higher growth rates in the second half of the year. So let's now turn to our business outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '14, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.95 billion to $7.25 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of approximately negative 1.5% compared to the second quarter of fiscal '13. For the full fiscal year '14, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be negative 0.5% compared to fiscal '13. For the full fiscal '14, we continue to expect net revenue to be in the range of 2% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal '13. For the full fiscal year '14, we continue to expect new bookings to be in the range of $32 billion to $35 billion. For operating margin, we continue to expect fiscal '14 to be in the range of 14.3% to 14.5%, a 10- to 30-basis-point expansion over adjusted fiscal '13 results. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%. For earnings per share, we now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '14 to be in the range of $4.44 to $4.56, or 5% to 8% growth over adjusted fiscal '13 results. Now turning to cash flow. For the full fiscal '14, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be approximately $400 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. Finally, we continue to expect to return at least $3.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning the substantial portion of cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. [Operator Instructions] Tom, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Bryan Keane representing Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just want to ask about consulting. What can we expect for second quarter '13? I guess it came in about flat in revenue in the first quarter. It was about as expected. Should it be another flat? Or should we see a little bit of improvement as we move into 2Q? And then I assume the back half of the year gets a little stronger in consulting. Just looking for some color.
David P. Rowland: Yes. If you just -- in terms of time to the overall range that we gave, we think consulting could be flat to low single digit positive. We are encouraged by the bookings that we saw in the first quarter. We're also encouraged by the pipeline that we see going forward in our business but in the second quarter, flat to low single digit positive. And we see the potential for building momentum in consulting as we go through the year.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up. I guess, I saw you guys increase headcount, just your thoughts around that. And then secondly, on SI bookings year-over-year, is there a growth rate we can think about? I know sequentially, they were up double digits, but I'm just kind of curious how they're trending year-over-year.
David P. Rowland: Yes. The headcount, frankly, just reflects -- we're 90 days further into the year. We're that much further with our supply-demand management, our recruiting, planning. We certainly have the visibility of the bookings that we just had in quarter 1. So it really just reflects we're further up the curve, if you will, within the year in terms of our supply-demand management. So that's why we increased the number to at least 60,000 to give you the best possible view of how we see it at this point in time. The SI bookings, I did anchor to the sequential growth, really, to -- because I was trying to give you an indication of current momentum. I actually don't have the number in front of me, but I believe the year-over-year growth in SI was healthy as well.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line on Tien-tsin Huang representing JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just similar questions to what just Bryan just asked. Just on the consulting front, it's the first time we've seen book to bill in the first quarter sequentially in quite a while, looks like since '09, if I'm right. So I guess my question here is, is the timing of bookings conversion, has it changed at all in terms of what you've observed in the last several quarters because it sounds like second quarter should be at least flat based on your prior answer? Just trying to gauge what that could -- how that could fill out the rest of the year based on the book to bill.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I don't know so much, Tien-tsin, about the timing point. As much as it is, I think last quarter, I mentioned that we felt good about our consulting pipeline, but it was a little bit less mature. And what we had in the first quarter was we were just very successful moving deals at pace through the pipeline and getting work contracted. But it does -- it was broad-based improvement when you look across the 3 components of consulting that we talked about. We were particularly pleased with the consulting activity -- bookings activity in North America, but within North America, we saw good activity across most of our industry segments. And so it was fairly broad based in that sense, both in terms of the type of consulting work that we do, as well as the North America where we saw the strength across many of our industry segments.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, good. And then in just in systems integration, you said the bookings were strong. But can you be a little more specific? I mean, what type of integration work is being demanded? I know that this is a hot topic, obviously.
David P. Rowland: Yes. I don't know that I could characterize a common theme if you look to the bookings. It's the mix as you would expect. I think it crosses the platform of services that we provide. Certainly, you -- we also have in there situations where we have application maintenance type contracts where we are also doing development work, new development work within those longer-term contracts that would be in the mix as well. And certainly, digital would be a component of that as well as we continue to be very encouraged by the activity that we see in the digital space and how our capabilities are lining up against those opportunities with our clients.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Grossman with Stifel.
David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if I could just kind of follow on to Tien-tsin's question. I mean, obviously, there's been a lot of speculation about how tightly your growth is correlated with some traditional lines of business, like ERP license growth. And I'm wondering just how much work really remains in the installed base independent of license growth and how does the migration of the ERP [ph] vendors, as well as how these other cloud-based applications impact your model.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, I will take this one and I mean, provide a context of this question, especially around ERP. And let's start with the question around ERP. I mean, first, ERP remains an important part of our business, and it's still an important part of the bookings David alluded to. We are still selling, implementing ERP. And by ERP, I mean mainly finance and accounting application solution, human resources application solution and supply chain application solution. I think this is definition given to the core ERP business. As you know, there've been very significant ERP program 2 or 3 years ago where all the giants been investing and creating their backbone solution to organize their operations, especially on a global basis. These last couple of years, there have been a cycle of lower growth in ERP, but it's still a good business for Accenture. That being said, the vast majority of what we do at Accenture is not falling in that category of application packages, if you will, around finance and accounting, HR and supply chain. We have a much more diverse portfolio of business. David is mentioning digital, where we're enjoying double-digit growth in that category of our business. I'm thinking, of course, about the BPO. I'm thinking about all the -- which is not system integration, of course, about digital. I'm thinking about all the custom solution we're still developing with some clients. And as you know, there are industries out there which are not so much ERP heavy but more custom-made heavy. I'm thinking about financial services. If you take banking and insurance, the core banking system and the core insurance system are still more custom made or packaged but are not ERP per se in the definition of ERP. If you take communication, media and technology, all what we're calling the OSS, the BSS, the system, the billing system, the customer systems are not ERP related in the strict sense of the definition, and we're doing a lot of this as well. So ERP, important at Accenture but not at all the vast majority of what we do. So we are not that dependent on ERP as you might imagine.
David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Very good. That's helpful. And if I could just ask a little bit about the flow of the year, I mean, obviously, we've gotten off to a very good start in bookings, but the guidance, as I think you mentioned your prepared remarks still remains back-end loaded, if you will, on the revenue side. Can you help us better understand what are the dynamics that give you that confidence that revenue growth does accelerate in the back half of the year?
David P. Rowland: Yes, there's -- I mean, there are several things that we look at. First of all, as you said, the strong bookings in the first quarter give us a great foundation to build on as we move forward. The second thing is that we do feel very good about our pipeline and how it is shaped up during the quarter even with the very high bookings we had. And we see the opportunity for another good bookings quarter in the second quarter. But beyond that, there's really 3 things that I think I would point to that give us confidence in building growth. The first is that you've heard us talk quite a bit over the last several quarters about our success in selling large-scale transformation programs. We've been very transparent with those numbers each quarter. For example, this quarter, I said we had 13 deals over $100 million. Well, we can now see specific instances, specific contracts where those contracts are building to generate meaningful sources of incremental revenue as we turn the page to the second half of the year. So one element of our confidence ties to the uptick in those large transformation programs starting to impact revenue. The second thing is the investments that you've heard us talk about in creating these new business services, these end-to-end solutions from consulting to BPO such as Accenture post-trade services where we announced the pilot deal, I think it would have been in the fourth quarter of last year. I think I specifically commented at a point that the interesting thing about that opportunity, one of the interesting things was that the revenue ramp occurred after we had been in the program for several months. And so that's another example where some of these new business services, we believe, will start to drive incremental revenue as we turn the page to the second half of the year. And then of course, the third thing would be the investments that we have made in acquisitions as an engine for organic growth. And so Procurian is the one that is the most noteworthy that we closed earlier this month. And so if you look at how -- take Procurian as an example and as we fold that into our Accenture BPO business and we look at the revenue accretion that we'll get from that, that is our third source of confidence as we look at the back half of the year. And so we look at those things in combination, and that, again, gives us reason to be optimistic in terms of our revenue trajectory as we move past the second quarter into the back half. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So you posted 3% revenue growth in constant currency in the quarter, and your Q2 guidance implies revenue growth in constant currency. It may not show acceleration, and clearly, your fiscal year guidance implies that acceleration is in the cards. Is your February quarter guidance embedding an extra layer of conservatism due to uncertainty about clients' upcoming budget decisions in the new calendar year? Or are you seeing certain parts of the business that will show added struggle in the February quarter? You had a little bit of that in the November quarter where a couple of the verticals took a step back because of timing. Do you have any of that going on in the February quarter? Or is this just, say, you're being careful with guidance as the new calendar year turns the corner?
David P. Rowland: Rod, thanks for the question. The upper end of our range is 4%. If you were to take it out a decimal, maybe a 4 point x percent growth. And so the upper end of the range does show momentum over the 3% that we just delivered this quarter. And of course, our range is established to reflect the possibilities of what could happen in the quarter, but we work very hard to try to drive the business as high in the range as we possibly can. There are a number of things about the second quarter that are just structural aspects of the second quarter. You have holidays in there around the world, including the New Year holiday. You do have the page turn to the calendar year, which you alluded to, and we don't have any particular concerns about client budgets based on what we see now. We don't have any evidence that client budgets would be under pressure per se. But we have seen years where even if the client budgets are expanding in a year, you can have some slower ramp-up in certain instances. We've seen that in the month of January. And so the second quarter is always a more tricky quarter to predict revenue momentum. And so I think the guidance reflects some of that as well. But again, the guidance that we provided is consistent with how we really saw the year building up in the first half of the year, and it's pretty much as we expected and very much in line when we communicated our original guidance 90 days ago.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: All right. And just the follow-up us to that is, can you quantify how much sequential revenue growth you'll get in Q2 from new acquisitions, particularly the ones that you've done since your last earnings report? How much sequential and year-over-year revenue growth do you expect in the February quarter? And it would be helpful then to see if the -- if your guidance implies revenue growth acceleration at the upper end even after accounting for the newly added acquisitions.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Rod, what I would tell you is that 90 days ago on the earnings call, as well as I -- we said that our inorganic contribution would be around 1%, plus or minus. Since then, we've closed Procurian, and so I would tell you that the inorganic would be -- may be a tad higher for the year in the plus or minus 1.5% range, and that reflects Procurian and some of the deals -- other deals that we've closed. That will vary quarter-to-quarter. And I really -- I'm cautious about getting too much in the weeds on the inorganic each and every quarter because, again, you have to remember, in our case, the inorganic is really just an engine for organic growth. We fold these businesses in a very quickly, and they, in many ways, become indistinguishable from our organic business in a very short period of time. So let me just stick with, for the full year, it's going to be in that 1.5% range, and that will vary by quarter.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And just to clarify on that, I mean, is that 1.5% range for the year for inorganic growth, is that pretty secure? Or could that number get to 2% before the year ends?
David P. Rowland: Well, certainly, it depends on to the extent we do other deals as we progress through the year that are outside of what we assume in that 1.5%. But that 1.5%, plus or minus, right, is the ballpark that we think it's in. I'll remind you as well not to get too much in the weeds on this, but I will remind you of something that I've shared at IA Day. The way we think about inorganic is we look at deals that we have done on a rolling 4-quarter basis. So that is the way we will describe inorganic. That's the way we do the calculation. And again, we do that logically because when we get to the 1-year anniversary on these deals, they are very much embedded in our core -- in our organic business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You talked about Brazil and Canada weighing on America's growth, but I think you said U.S. grew high single digits, and that number was double digits all of next year. So can you just talk about what you think is driving that modest deceleration in the U.S. market?
Pierre Nanterme: As you said -- this is Pierre -- it's a modest deceleration for that quarter. I mean, personally, I continue to be externally pleased with our activity in the U.S. U.S. is very important. So we were double digit. I guess, last time, we announced something around 10, even when we said double digit, kind of 10. So high single digits is in the grand scheme of being close enough to where we are expecting to be. For us, what is very important is we grew more than the market. And I guess that this is what is happening in the U.S. as well. We continue to gain market share. And this quarter, it's high single digit, but I have absolutely no concerns that we continue to develop very well in the U.S. It's interesting to see that U.S. performed very well, both consulting and in outsourcing. So it was a very balanced growth across the different dimension of our business.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just as a follow-up, as you know, some of your technology partners are talking about weakness in China due to spy gate or whatever you want to call it. Have you seen an impact on your business in China as it relates to that weakness at some of your partners?
Pierre Nanterme: If you look at -- I mean, China, what happened last year, indeed, you have the change in the government. It was in the first half of the -- of 2013 if I remember well. And it's very typical when you're in China that indeed not only the government is changing but all the leaders in the state-owned enterprise, the famous SOEs, are all changing as well. And inevitably, it's creating a kind of pose in China around the major investments scene, if you will, until the new teams and the new leaders will establish themselves with the program and relaunch projects. So again, very pleased with what we delivered this last years in China. Indeed, a couple of -- a form of pose due to this leadership changing in China. But again, on the long term, we continue to be extremely positive with the prospect in China.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to touch on Europe, a little more detail if you don't mind. It's -- it obviously showed at least a very mild acceleration versus last quarter, but maybe more specifics as to what actually is going on from a regional standpoint within Europe, as well as more in the industry vertical and how sustainable is the acceleration. Obviously, that's been a driver for, I think, a lot of investors recently.
Pierre Nanterme: I guess it's for me, David, here, the specialist of Europe. I guess, we might start to see the light at the end of the tunnel in Europe. So let me explain. I mean, first, the macro in Europe are not -- I mean, fundamentally better. So I would characterize it's stable, which is probably an improvement compared of all the uncertainties Europe faced these last probably couple of years. Second, you can, indeed, see some signs, to paraphrase David, of positive improvement. I'm thinking about the U.K. You can see the U.K. economy coming back. I'm thinking about France slowly getting out of the recession. I'm thinking about even Spain starting to rebuild competitiveness and better position. We know that all of this is going to be incredibly slow for also a couple of reasons. So there are not going to be any dramatic improvement, but we have some sign of stabilization, plus. And I'm pleased to see that it's starting to reflect in the progress we are making with some of our large markets in Europe. And I mentioned Germany. I mentioned France. I've mentioned the Netherlands, and I've mentioned Belgium, to mention a few, which are doing very well despite economic environments. Still complex, but I would characterize a slight incremental progress but progress.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: When we look -- that's helpful. When we look at your -- the second half of the year acceleration, I mean, is Europe part of that? In other words, do we expect Europe to pick up steam further into the year as well?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. That's great. And then just a quick question. A couple of years ago at your investor day, you -- I think you gave a good overview of how large to smash that [ph] was or different areas, whether it was mobility or analytics in terms of revenue size. You had mentioned $1 billion here, $2 billion there. You gave us a good idea as to what percentage your revenue was. Is there a way to update that either now or maybe in another near-term layer [ph] ? Maybe just give us some color now if you can.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, this is -- as you know, we're launching Accenture Digital, and we're going to think on how we would provide more information in due course when we will have, finally, cleaning all the data, all the information in Accenture. We want to be extremely accurate and to define a very strict protocol in the way we communicate the information, so you have a base to measure and a base to evaluate the progress. But indeed, you remember very well that many cross the billion when we announced. So without saying too much, it's a multi-billion-dollar business we're talking about.
David P. Rowland: And growing very well.
Pierre Nanterme: Multibillions.
David P. Rowland: Yes, yes.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: [indiscernible] talking about. If I could just sneak one quick one and now just on the industry verticals. There were some weak pockets in resources, obviously, and communications had a contract also. It seems like that's been resolved, David, is that -- are we on the other side of that now?
Pierre Nanterme: I'm going to jump on this one, David.
David P. Rowland: He's in a talking mood.
Pierre Nanterme: Let me talk to you about the business. I can't explain my instinct. But looking at industry, and I were commenting more specifically [ph], we are covering it with just looking 19 industry segments in Accenture. This is the way we are measuring our different industries, such as banking, capital market, insurance, that -- all that industry segments. 17 out of 19 posted positive growth. And just to give you a flavor first of the depth and breadth of the portfolio of business we're doing, the diversity of what we do across the board, 17 out of 19 in Q1, positive growth. With a few, I'm thinking about life science, health, energy, EHT, electronic and high tech, capital market, high single digit, if not, double digit for some. Now fact of the matter is and you spotted this one, too, on the 19, yet, I have to turn the corner, communications and natural resources. But David will explain.
David P. Rowland: Yes, in the case of communications, we have talked, Darrin, several times about the ongoing transformation of the communications sector. We've talked about the challenges of some of the incumbent telcos as their business evolves. And then we've also talked about the headwind we had with the large CMT client in Europe. That headwind will essentially go away in the second half of this year. There is some residual headwind that we continue to have in the first and second quarter of this year. Frankly, as it turned out, not too different than many of the quarters last year. But once we get past the second quarter, I can say definitively that that year-over-year compare dynamic goes away for CMT. So that is still in the mix of CMT's results this quarter and will be in the mix next quarter. In the case of resources, we've also talked -- that was a business that, for many, many quarters, for an extended period enjoyed very strong growth, and it was driven by a very strong consulting business in particular. And we had several of those contracts that wound down as we turned the page from fiscal '12 to '13, and that was right about the same time that natural resources, as a sector, came under significant pressure, including in several markets around the world, Brazil being one. And so -- but with resources, we've done a very, very nice job kind of repositioning the business, moving into new business services areas, new assets offerings, kind of focusing on the new world around digital, et cetera, and we feel very good about the momentum that's building there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sara Gubins with Bank of America.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It looks like you grew your non-GDN staff. It's been over a year since you've done that, and I'm wondering what drove it, if it should continue and if you think that we're now at a more of a steady state of GDN versus non-GDN in terms of employee ratios.
David P. Rowland: Well, we had -- we did see some expansion in our headcount in some of our larger, more established geographies. I think, the United States in particular, we saw growth in headcount, and that simply reflects what we're doing on the supply side to have the skills that we need to match the type of work that we're doing as we go forward. In terms of the balance between GDN and non-GDN, I think that continues to -- that will continue to evolve and be fluid. And ultimately, the market will dictate what that mix is. But you are correct in pointing out that we did have growth in our non-GDN headcount.
Pierre Nanterme: And I think it's reflecting as well the nature of the services of the businesses we are investing in. And I'm thinking about the Digital. If you look at this Digital business, at least as a starter, it is more onshore driven than offshore driven. I think all the time, before we're going to follow the same path, as we've seen historically from onshore to offshore, that the skills required to be competitive in Analytics, in Mobility, in Digital Marketing are still more onshore, which might as well reflect this take-up if you will.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That makes sense. Second question, to hit the bookings guidance for the year, it looks like the rest of the year bookings would have to be down quite significantly to maybe up very slightly. But given the first quarter strength in your commentary around the second quarter, I'm wondering if you're really expecting weakness in the second half. Or is this more just a function of being conservative since it's early in the year?
David P. Rowland: Well, Sara, as you know, bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, so I'll just remind you of that. But I'll also say that bookings is like every other metric. We're working as hard as we can to be as far up in the range as we can. And we don't -- there's -- I mean, we just finished one quarter, right? And so we -- as much as we see some reason to be encouraged after one quarter, I don't -- I guess, I don't remember a fiscal year where we've changed annual guidance after a quarter. And all the possibilities and scenarios that we evaluated when we started the year are still in play.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman representing SIG.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Pierre, did your bookings growth on a regional level support your expectation that Europe will accelerate in the second half?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. It's -- I mean, the nature and the construct of the booking by region supporting the fact that Europe should accelerate in the second part of the year.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then with regard to digital, I just wanted to go back to a previous question about sizing that market. And without getting too specific, though, I was just wondering about how you're defining digital. Is that the Brian Whipple group, which is Accenture Interactive? That seems much larger than that seeing that you're saying there's 25,000 people there. So what do you mean when you're saying digital these days?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, it is. What we're putting in it, you would find Accenture Interactive, which is the organization dedicated to end-to-end digital marketing capabilities. We are adding Accenture Mobility, which is all about developing, implementing and potentially running mobile solutions. And three, it's Accenture Analytics, which is all about, I mean, mining and doing all the analytic information, including the most advanced analytic and predictive analytics. So it's all the 3 from design to implementation, including the run. That's why we have 23,000 people because, of course, part of our people in the current GDN, Global Delivery Network, are providing the services as well for the execution.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then last question, at the IA Day on October 8, you had previewed movement in some of the operating groups. I was just looking for some update from this vantage point about 2. You had said, I think, accurately, that HPS (sic) [H&PS] would decelerate. And then resources, you had a cautious view for the full year. So looking forward at the dynamic of growth of both of those, should we continue to that sequence to play out for the rest of the year?
David P. Rowland: Yes, we had -- we see some potential for further moderation in H&PS in the second quarter, which I said in the prepared comments. But to be clear, we feel very good about our H&PS business, and we think we're very well positioned as we then progress through the rest of the year. On resources, we do think that resources will be positive this year. And as I commented earlier, we see good momentum in certain parts of the resources business to give us reason to believe that. So we are pleased with the progress. There's still work to do in resources, but we do think that we'll be positive for year.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg representing Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to circle back on the back half a little bit just to make sure that we're in full command of the numbers here. So I guess, if you come in at the midpoint of your Q2 revenue range, it looks like that would put you through the first half of year, at roughly 2.5-ish percent, in terms of constant currency growth. And so what I'm really trying to get at here is, is it prudent for us collectively to be thinking about the lower half of your full year range as being more likely than the upper half? I mean, obviously, you aspire to do better than the midpoint, but just based on where you'll be through the midpoint of the year and given that conversion of consulting bookings to revenue over time has been a little bit unpredictable, can you just comment on whether or not the lower half looks more likely at this juncture in time?
David P. Rowland: Jason, it was a noble attempt, but I'm not going to color within the range after just one quarter of results. We set the range to represent the range of possibilities that we see. And if we didn't think that there was a possibility of being in the upper half of the range, we would have narrowed the range. And so as we progress through the year, we'll get more specific, and the second quarter will be important in terms of how that plays out.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And just lastly, a bigger picture question around Europe. We've been picking up more data points, seems to be suggesting more willingness among European clients on the continent to use more low-cost delivery, if you will. And obviously, that kind of offshore market is quite underpenetrated. Are you guys seeing that? Do you see that as being purely additive? Has some of it kind of will stick to your traditional onshore work in Europe? We'd just love your thoughts on how that might play out.
Pierre Nanterme: No, we believe -- I mean, first, indeed, there is, for all sorts of competitiveness reason, appetite for the -- our clients in Europe to leverage more outsourcing fueled by offshore. That's a fact. This trend started more, as you know, in the U.K., in the Nordic countries, and now it's going south in more Continental Europe and touching France, and Netherlands and other markets. That's our point of view [ph] . Again, so it's yes, this one is there. It's playing, we believe, in our favor. A few data points on this is, first, our outsourcing business in Europe is developing very well. If you look these last couple of years, outsourcing been doing -- has been our strong growth point in Europe. And from a cost standpoint, we believe that with our network of delivery centers and with our GDN, we have, indeed, the right cost response -- cost-effective response to this market as we invested earlier in the GDN, if I may say, compared to more local players. All right. It's probably time now to wrap up. And thanks again for joining us on today's call. With the first quarter behind us and looking at how the business is shaping up for the rest of the year, I feel confident that we have made the right choices, that we are making the right investments and that we are moving at the right pace to capture new waves of growth and position Accenture for the future. Of course, I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors, analysts and of course, our Accenture people who are listening to the call a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. Happy holiday season, and all the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. this morning, Eastern Time and running through March 27, 2014, at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 311250. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-09-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David P. Rowland - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Paul, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Paul just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2014. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me hand -- turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, which demonstrate our ability to continue to drive profitable growth in a volatile and fast-changing market environment. For the full year, we once again increased market share, drove double-digit EPS growth and strong free cash flow and delivered value for our shareholders. David will provide more detail on both the quarter and the year in a moment, but here are a few highlights for the full year. We delivered new bookings of $33.3 billion, an all-time high and near the top of our guided range. We generated revenues of $28.6 billion, a 4% increase in local currency. Fourth quarter revenues of $7.1 billion were above our guided range, and we were pleased with our double-digit growth in Health & Public Service and improved performance in both Resources and Communications, Media & Technology. We delivered earnings per share of $4.93. After adjusting to exclude tax and reorganization benefits in the second and third quarters, earnings per share for the year were $4.21, a 10% increase. We grew operating income and delivered operating margin of 15.2% for the year. After adjusting to exclude the reorganization benefits, we delivered operating margin of 14.2%, a 30 basis point expansion for the year, which was in line with our expectations. We generated free cash flow of $2.9 billion, slightly above our guided range, and we continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the year with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. We continue to return cash to shareholders with $3.7 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.93 per share, which is a 15% increase over our prior dividend. In fiscal year '13, we, again, benefited from the diversity of our business, from an industry capability and geographic standpoint and made significant investments to position us well for the future. Now let me hand over to David. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As I review the results on this afternoon's call, you'll see that we delivered good results in quarter 4, starting with continued strong profitability and cash flow, but also delivering solid improvement in our net revenues with local currency growth of 4.5%. We saw improvement in revenue growth in quarter 4 with 4 of our 5 operating groups, the Americas and EMEA posting stronger local currency growth in quarter 3. Overall, we continued to increase market share in a challenging environment while driving our business to deliver on our profitability targets and returning a substantial portion of our strong cash flow to our shareholders. Now let's get to the numbers, starting with new bookings. New bookings for the quarter were $8.4 billion, resulting in an all-time high of $33.3 billion in new bookings for the full year, which was also solidly in the upper half of our business outlook range provided in June. Consulting bookings were $3.8 billion and a book-to-bill of 1.0, consistent with what we signaled last quarter. Outsourcing bookings were very strong at $4.6 billion and a book-to-bill of 1.4. Taking a closer look at our new bookings, there are several additional points worth noting. All 3 components of our consulting bookings, management consulting, technology consulting and systems integration, were all at the low end of our book-to-bill range and very similar to our Q3 bookings level. And at the same time, we did see consulting bookings convert to revenue slightly faster than we expected. Outsourcing bookings showed continued strength and represented our fourth highest quarter on record. Technology outsourcing bookings reflect continued strong demand for solutions that drive operational efficiencies and enable greater business performance and yielded a book-to-bill of 1.2 for the quarter. BPO bookings were particularly strong, the second highest quarter ever, and reflected strong market demand for finance and accounting, procurement and industry-specific offerings and financial services. Lastly, we had bookings over $100 million at 11 clients, giving us a record 44 clients with bookings at this level for the full year, which reflects our strong position in the marketplace and helping our clients tackle their largest, most complex projects. Now turning to revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were $7.1 billion, an increase of 3.7% in U.S. dollars and 4.5% in local currency, reflecting a foreign exchange impact of approximately negative 1%, which was consistent with the assumption we provided in June. Quarter 4 revenues were roughly $90 million above the upper end of our guided range, primarily driven by stronger-than-expected consulting revenues. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $3.8 billion, up 2% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.3 billion, an increase of 6% in U.S. dollars and 7% in local currency. So looking at our -- how our operating groups contributed to our revenue results for the fourth quarter. H&PS continued to lead the way with double-digit local currency growth of 13%, driven by a very significant growth in North America. We saw balanced growth across Health & Public Service in both consulting and outsourcing. After 9 quarters of double-digit growth, we expect H&PS growth to moderate in the near term. Products delivered 6% local currency growth in the quarter, slightly higher than their year-to-date performance, reflecting broad-based growth across most industries, across consulting and outsourcing and in both the Americas and EMEA. Financial Services grew 3% in local currency for the quarter and as expected, lower than the growth rate in each of the first 3 quarters. Growth continues to be driven by strong outsourcing activity, reflecting our clients' focus on large transformational projects. Consulting revenues declined modestly, including lower levels of growth in insurance in the Americas as several projects are ramping down. Growth this quarter was also impacted by a tough year-over-year compare. We expect the growth rate in Financial Services to be similar in quarter 1. CMT delivered 2% local currency growth in quarter 4, reflecting the improvement we expected. And we're particularly pleased with the performance in the Americas, especially in electronics and high tech. Resources also showed improvement with flat local currency revenue growth in the quarter, reflecting some overall stability in the business. We continue to work hard to reposition the business, especially in North America. So moving down the income statement, gross margin for the quarter was 33.2% compared to 32.9% for the same period last year, up approximately 30 basis points. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was 12.6% of net revenues compared with 12.3% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year. General and administrative expense was 6.7% of net revenues compared with 6.9% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year. Operating income was $984 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 13.9% operating margin, up 10 basis points compared with quarter 4 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.6% compared with 32.8% for the fourth quarter last year. This lower rate in the quarter was primarily due to a lower level of reserve additions and higher benefits related to final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities. Net income was $727 million for the fourth quarter, and it was $636 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 14%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.01 compared with $0.88 in the fourth quarter last year, an increase of $0.13. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding continue to be industry leading. They were 31 days, up from last quarter and the 27 days in quarter 4 last fiscal year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.2 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.3 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $102 million. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at 8/31 was $5.6 billion compared with $6.6 billion at 8/31 last year, which reflects the significant level of cash returned to shareholders, a number of strategic acquisitions this year and our decision to fund the U.S. pension plan in quarter 1. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We hired approximately 60,000 people in FY '13, ending the year with a global headcount of about 275,000 people, and we now have over 182,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In quarter 4, our utilization was 88%, consistent with quarter 3. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 12%, in line with quarter 3 of this year and quarter 4 of FY '12. As it relates to our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 14.5 million shares for $1.1 billion at an average share price of $75.57 per share. For the full year, we repurchased or redeemed 34.4 million shares for $2.5 million at an average price of $74.05 per share. Earlier today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a semiannual cash dividend of $0.93 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15 and represents a $0.12 per share or 15% increase over the previous semiannual dividend we declared in March. So before I turn things back over to Pierre, let me just briefly summarize where we landed for the full year across the key elements of our business outlook. Again, new bookings were $33.3 billion, in the upper half of our guided range for the year. Net revenues grew 4% in local currency for the full year, at the top end of our most recent guided range and just below the low end of the range provided at the beginning of the year. Even though the second half of the year didn't materialize as we originally expected, we did grow faster than the market and take share, which is an important objective for our business. As a reminder, we had 2 unusual items that impacted certain full year metrics in fiscal '13, for which we provided outlook ranges on both a GAAP and an adjusted basis. So excluding the impact, adjusted operating margin was 14.2%, within our most recent guided range and a 30 basis point expansion over last year and very importantly, incorporates a significant increase in our investments, including acquisitions, as we continue to position the business for future growth. Adjusted EPS was $4.21, toward the upper end of our most recent guided range and 10% growth over fiscal '12. Free cash flow was just over $2.9 billion, slightly above the upper end of our previously guided range. Finally, we returned $3.7 billion of cash to shareholders, approximately $400 million above our initial objective, through $2.5 billion in share repurchases and $1.1 billion in dividend payments we made during the fiscal year. In addition, we reduced our weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 2%. So all in all, in a market that grew less than we expected, our results continued to reflect rigor and discipline in the way we manage and drive our business. Once again, we've proven our ability to adapt our business as the environment evolves and to deliver results, which overall were very much aligned to the outlook that we set at the start of the fiscal year. Back to you, Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, David. In a fast-changing market environment, we continue to execute our growth strategy in a highly focused and disciplined way. We are providing differentiated services across the full spectrum of our capabilities that are resonating with the needs of our clients. We continue to invest in our industry and technology capabilities to further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace, particularly in areas that will help us capture new ways of growth, such as digital marketing, mobility, analytics and cloud. In fiscal year '13, we made significant investments including $800 million in acquisitions to enhance our ability to help clients compete in the new digital world. We are helping a leading European retailer enhance its customer experience by combining our capabilities in retail and Accenture Interactive, including our recent Fjord acquisition, as well as mobility and analytics. We are delivering seamless integration across all channels, including the client's 750 store locations. In Belgium, we are working with Belgacom, the country's largest telecommunications company, and BNP Paribas Fortis to create the country's first mobile wallet. When fully deployed, the new solution, which is based on the Accenture Mobility platform, will enable secure shopping and payments via a smartphone. We also continue to invest in new and innovative end-to-end business services that leverage our industry skills and combine our capabilities across management consulting, technology and business process outsourcing to deliver tangible outcomes for our clients. In banking, we are strengthening our capabilities in Accenture Credit Services through 2 recent acquisitions. In Q4, we acquired Mortgage Cadence in the U.S., adding an advanced loan origination software platform. And just last week, we acquired a majority stake in Vivere Brasil, a leading mortgage processing technology company in the rapidly developing Brazilian mortgage market. In capital markets, we created Accenture Post-Trade Processing, a new business service to provide clearing and settlement of equities and bonds for investment banks. This service, which is priced by the transaction, should help clients cut their securities processing cost by about 30%. We are already working with our first client, Societe Generale, and have several others in the pipeline. And in the hospitality industry, we launched Accenture Hospitality Services to capture the growth opportunities we see in providing finance, accounting and related services to hospitality companies. We are working with our first client, Marriott, and their franchise hotel owners to deliver significant cost savings. At the same time that we invest in innovative business services, we remain extremely focused on supporting our clients in their large-scale transformation programs as demonstrated by our 11 bookings over $100 million in Q4, which you heard David mention. Our clients continue to focus on driving more productivity and effectiveness in their operations, and this is generating demand for our core services. We are in the early stages of helping a global agribusiness company, with 30,000 employees, transform its business through an ERP implementation across 140 countries. We will help and answer client's efficiency and decision-making, supporting its global expansion plans. And we're working with Vodafone on a major IT transformation, based on an integrated global ERP solution from SAP, as well as cutting-edge technology for mobility and analytics. More than 85,000 employees across 20 operating companies are now live on the platform. Vodafone has benefited from more transparent information and standardized processes that will improve reporting, drive better decision making and enhance risk management. And just this morning, we announced an IT collaboration with Telenor, a leading global telecommunications provider, to manage the development and maintenance of IT systems with the mobile value chain. From a geographic standpoint, needless to say, we are living in an interesting world. A year ago, the big questions were around Europe and the sovereign debt issue. It now seems that Europe is stabilizing and even showing some early signs of improvement. And today, the question is around the emerging markets, where we're seeing more volatility. In that context, the geographic diversity of our business continues to serve us well as we have a significant footprint in most of the major markets in the world. Looking at the United States, our largest market, I couldn't be more pleased with our performance. We, again, delivered double-digit revenue growth in the U.S. for both the quarter and the full year, and we increased our market share. In our priority emerging markets, for the full year, we continued to grow at a faster rate at Accenture overall. That said, it was a challenging year for our business in Brazil, and we expect to see stronger growth in fiscal year '14. At the same time, we were very pleased to see continued strong double-digit revenue growth for the year in China, India, the Middle East and Mexico. In closing, at a time where volatility and uncertainty are still the name of the game, we continue to focus on driving our own competitiveness, applying rigor and discipline across the board to increase our efficiency and expand our margins. And this is giving us the capacity to invest in the business to continue to capture new ways of growth. Before I hand back to David, I want to thank our people at Accenture for their significant contribution to our fiscal year results. Our people are extraordinarily committed to the success of our clients and bring their unique knowledge and capabilities to their work every day. And with that, I will turn the call over to David to provide our fiscal year '14 business outlook. David, over to you.
David P. Rowland: Thanks, Pierre. Before I provide our business outlook, let me share some thoughts on how we see the overall environment and the implications on our view of fiscal '14. For the past 4 to 5 quarters, it's clear that our addressable market has been in a cycle of lower growth, and this has certainly impacted our growth. As we look forward, we think it's likely that our overall market conditions won't change much in the near term. In other words, it will be more the same. Regardless of how the market evolves, we are driving our business throughout the cycle to grow faster than the market. Turning now to our business outlook. For the first quarter of fiscal '14, we expect the revenues to be in the range of $7 billion to $7.3 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of approximately negative 2% compared to the first quarter in fiscal '13. For the full fiscal year '14, based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we currently assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be negative 1% compared to fiscal '13. For the full fiscal year '14, we expect Accenture's net revenue to be in the range of 2% to 6% growth in local currency over fiscal '13. For the full fiscal year '14, we're targeting new bookings to be in the range of $32 billion to $35 billion. And in consulting, we expect quarter 1 bookings to be similar to the last 2 quarters. For operating margin, we expect fiscal year '14 to be in the range of 14.3% to 14.5%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over adjusted fiscal '13 results. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5%. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '14 to be in the range of $4.42 to $4.54 or a 5% to 8% increase over adjusted fiscal '13 results. Now turning to cash flow. For the full fiscal '14, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion; property and equipment additions to be approximately $400 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. Finally, we expect to return at least $3.7 billion through dividends and share repurchases and also expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2% as we remain committed to returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. [Operator Instructions] Paul, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Rod Bourgeois of Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So your revenue growth took a step in the right direction in the August quarter, but bookings were down year-over-year in consulting and outsourcing and your fiscal '14 bookings guidance calls for flattish bookings versus fiscal '13. So overall, are you seeing overall stable to improved demand trends as implied by the August quarter revenue growth results? And if you are seeing overall stable to improved demand, is this not showing up in recent and projected bookings due to a drop in duration or some other factor in your outlook?
David P. Rowland: Rod, I'll start with a few comments, and then I'm sure Pierre will have a few things to add. In terms of the demand environment, one key measure we look at is our opportunity pipeline. And we saw -- have seen good expansion in our opportunity pipeline across most aspects of our business over the last 90 days during the fourth quarter. And that is indicative of the level of client discussions that are taking place and the way our services and offerings are resonating in the marketplace. So we do feel good about our pipeline. And we think it's well positioned for what it needs to be to support the revenue range next year. As it relates to the bookings, the bookings -- we triangulate with our revenue growth based on what we believe we need from a book-to-bill standpoint, our conversion assumptions, et cetera. And we believe that the book-to-bill range that we guided to will support the revenue. On the consulting side, while we feel good about our pipeline overall, at this point in time, it is a little bit more early stage. And for that reason, we see quarter 1 consulting bookings being been pretty consistent with what we've seen the last 2 quarters, but yet we feel very good about the pipeline overall. It just has that early-stage characteristic at this point in time.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Just to add, I must say I like the way you've been framing that, Rod, which is indeed I think the demand is I would characterize it as stable with some pockets of improvement here and there. And by and large, we're pleased with our pipeline and the way it's shaping. And -- but the overall demand I would characterize as stable plus, if you will.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you specify, at least roughly, how does your fiscal '14 revenue growth guidance break down between the consulting and the outsourcing business? And also, is your revenue growth in fiscal '14 more likely to be stronger in the first half of the year or the second half of the year? Are you assuming it's reasonably level-loaded across the year?
David P. Rowland: Yes. Rod, in terms of the breakout, we are -- we believe outsourcing will be in the mid to high single-digit positive. On the consulting side, anchoring to the 2% to 6% range, we see that on the low end as being flattish to low single-digit positive. And in terms of the revenue phasing, we do see our revenue building as we go through the year, coming off the range that we guided to for quarter 1 and then building from there. There are a couple of our operating groups in particular that for different circumstances are going to have lower growth in quarter 1, Financial Services being one and Health & Public Service being the other. I believe I called both of those out in the script. But yet, those are 2 operating groups that we feel very good about the positioning of the business, the pipeline, their contracted revenues. And we're very optimistic that their growth will be much stronger as they progress through the year.
Operator: Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just to build on your last -- those last comments there, David, just trying to better understand Q1. I heard the FS and the Health & Public sector. You exited the year, what, 4.5%. Low end is down 2%. Is it really just those 2 segments that might push you negative there? Could we maybe argue that some of the revenue converted a little bit faster and pulled forward some revenue into 4Q? Just trying to better understand how much of that down 2% at low end is conservative versus some specific issues, if that makes sense.
David P. Rowland: Yes, I think, Tien-tsin, you know -- again, I think you hit the nail on the head again. It's -- the situation we find ourselves in quarter 1 is that we do have this cycle, this short-term cycle that H&PS and FS are going through, whereas prior to quarter 4, they were contributing at a very high rate relative to our overall growth. We also have resources in CMT which improved in the fourth quarter, and we feel good about how those businesses are moving along to return to positive growth. We think both of those operating groups will be positive for the year. But yet as we look at quarter 1, they are still very much working their way back up to where they want the business to be and where we want the business to be. So really, quarter 1 is just a reflection of H&PS and FS going through this period of lower growth, and then given some allowance for the fact that CMT and Resources are continuing to build, but we've got a little ways to go.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. So I get [ph] that 1Q and then jumping into 2Q is always a little bit tricky, but it sounds like the second half implied guidance should be relatively strong. I guess my follow-up -- there's no question there. My follow-up, I guess, I'll ask acquisition-wise. Did you give roughly how much some of these acquisitions could contribute to fiscal '14 top line? And then just generally speaking, there's been a lot more chatter up here about acquisitions that Accenture might be pursuing. I know Booz & Co. has come up a bunch. Can you comment on that in general, just your appetite for the larger acquisitions?
David P. Rowland: Yes, Tien-tsin, I'll just comment briefly. In terms of the contribution to the top line, it's still roughly in that 1% range. And I'll pass it over to Pierre, and he will certainly want to add some thoughts on acquisitions in general.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Thanks, Tien-tsin, for the question. But indeed, we are executing our strategy against what we always shared with you from an acquisition standpoint. Our strategy in term of acquisition and the finance trajectory was to deploy at around 15% of our free cash flow around acquisition. And we've always been clear that it might be a little bit more or a little bit less depending on the opportunities in the marketplace and how attractive they might be for us to invest for the future. It happened that this year indeed, we found pretty attractive opportunities in the marketplace and we deployed in the range of $800 million. So this is consistent with our strategy. And indeed, moving forward, we will continue to execute these targeted strategic acquisitions, deploying around 50% of our free cash flow. We have the cash to deploy a little bit more. And of course, we're going to look at a good opportunity for us and for our shareholders to invest wisely.
Operator: David Grossman of Stifel.
David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Last couple of quarters you talked about bookings, conversion rates and the absence of some of the smaller quick type -- quick turn types of projects negatively impacting revenue growth. And now it seems like you've seen a little bit of improvement and that's changed a little bit this quarter. But that said, your assumptions around consulting growth remain relatively cautious it seems for fiscal '14. Can you help us better understand what you're seeing in the market? And what is the typical lag between better economic growth and improvement in these metrics?
David P. Rowland: Yes, I'll make a few comments on that, and Pierre may want to make some comments as well. But in terms of this whole conversion point, interestingly, we did see slightly better conversion in the fourth quarter than we expected, and that contributed to the revenue growth, the uptick in consulting revenue growth in the quarter. It's interesting to point out that, that was not because of an uptick in the smaller deals. The smaller deals were relatively stable from a volume standpoint. And for the market that is there, we feel like we're winning our fair share. But we really aren't seeing any uptick at least in the fourth quarter in the smaller deals. So it was really a situation where the deals in the $10 million to $50 million range, the characteristics of those deals were such that they just converted faster in the quarter. And that is everything from the timing of when the contracts were signed in the quarter to how quickly we were able to staff the jobs and get into revenue generation mode to also just the characteristics of the work we sold. And so we continue to watch this conversion very carefully. We think we've accounted for that appropriately in our FY '14 guidance.
Pierre Nanterme: Nothing to add, perfect.
David M. Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, just looking at the changes going on at Microsoft and Nokia. I know you're recognizing you're close to both those companies. Does the sale of the handset business to Microsoft at all change the relationship with Nokia? And are there any specific headwinds or tailwinds that we should think about over the next several months as that deal takes shape?
Pierre Nanterme: No. I mean, the simple answer is going to be no. I mean, we do not expect any impact on our business.
Operator: Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk about the competitive environment? And last quarter, you guys had called out some areas where competition had increased. Maybe just kind of go back through that and just give us some sense on what your competitive landscape or pricing or any other factors are something to talk -- think about?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, again, and maybe you're going to hear a lot of that word in our answers is stable. I think we are -- I don't think we've seen any change. We are in a very competitive market. We are competing against all the classic incumbent, the companies from India, and you know that very well. I don't think there's been any change from a pricing standpoint. I would probably say that pricing is stable on balance. So again, no material change in that front. So we are in a very competitive market. And for us -- again, the name of the game is to concentrate on us, on Accenture, and to make the company more competitive to, as David mentioned before, to win in the marketplace, I think winning more than our fair share and gaining market share, and this is what happened in fiscal year '13. It's competitive and we're fighting to win.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Understood. And then just on the follow-up, just some thoughts around headcount. Headcount growth for this quarter, including acquisitions, looks like it's a little bit light. And then any thoughts for fiscal '13 gross headcount adds?
David P. Rowland: Yes, I would -- so we hired about 60,000 people this past year. We had our normal higher level of new hires hitting the books, so to speak, in the fourth quarter. We will hire, let me say, at least 50,000 people in fiscal '14. Supply management is a top priority for us always. I think we are very effective in terms of managing the supply-demand equation. And we will adjust the hiring as we need to as we progress through the year to meet demand and continue to operate at very high utilization levels.
Operator: Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The revenue guidance range this year is a point wider than fiscal '13, which implies some uncertainty. And if you back out the 1 point of acquisitions, the range sends a very different message at the low end with sort of flattish growth versus at the high end, more mid single-digit growth. So can you talk about what some of the biggest swing factors are that would land you at the low end of the range versus the factors that could get you to the upper end?
David P. Rowland: Yes, in terms of the range being wider, it really doesn't have anything to do with confidence as much as it does -- as much as it reflects the process that we go through every year to look at the size of our range as our business grows and as our business gets just more complex. And so we have that -- this discussion annually. There have actually been a few years in the past where we considered expanding to 4 percentage points. But this year, finally, as our business has gotten to the size that we are and as we are complex across so many different industries, geographies, et cetera, that range, we think, serves the business, and really our shareholders, the best in terms of giving good transparency to where we think we can land. In terms of how we think about either end of the range, I think I would describe that in the context of our 5 operating groups. What we see broadly as you look at the year is we see H&PS and Financial Services, as I said earlier, starting the year with lower growth but then building through the year to having very strong growth as they progress through the year. We see products continuing to produce at very good levels on a stable basis. And we see Resources and CMT continuing to build -- to be positive growth overall for our fiscal '14. Now where we land in that range of 2% to 6% is going to depend on the degree to which each of those things happens. But that is our model in terms of how we would rack and stack the operating groups and how we view their growth trajectory for the year.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, you mentioned that Europe seems to have maybe turned a corner. Curious whether some of those ERP deals that didn't convert to revenue as fast as expected last quarter in southern Europe, whether that environment improved or whether it was more northern Europe?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I'm going to pick up, of course, Europe, I guess. Overall, my assessment on the situation is Europe is stable with hopefully, early sign of improvement. But you know the overall economic condition, probably all Europe been moving from a slight recession to a slight growth, but more or less -- being more or less the same plus. And indeed, what we've seen in Q4, but we will need to wait for Q1 to see whether it's going to be sustainable, is improvement in our growth in Europe and especially in countries -- important countries such as Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and France. And indeed, I mentioned our recent win that we announced this morning with Telenor, another European company. I mentioned Vodafone, again, a very well-known European company. So I will not declare a victory in Europe given the complexity of that continent until the challenges which are not being dealt with in terms of sovereign debt, growth, competitiveness. But definitely, Europe sounds more stable with early signs of improvement.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And was ERP specifically part of that improvement or not necessarily?
Pierre Nanterme: I would say not necessarily. I mean, some ERP sales have come up -- are lumpy. It happened that we had a few this quarter. Overall, as we stated before, still continue strong demand for outsourcing and BPO because many of the European companies are still focusing on improving their competitiveness and addressing their productivity and cost efficiency and lower growth, if you will, in consulting. So pretty similar to the patterns we already highlighted prior in the year.
Operator: Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just want to follow up on that. How is overall ERP demand? And there's always a lot of questions about how cloud's impacting services. So just curious to your thoughts on if it's impacting your ERP business at all.
Pierre Nanterme: I will not mention a direct correlation between the cloud and ERP. When you look at ERP, fact of the matter is we've been through a cycle of very strong activity around ERP these last years and been a kind of wave. The reality is, and probably given the overall economic conditions and some softness in the investment from our clients, this recent cycle has been of lower growth around ERP. Now that being said, it's not true across the board. It's not true across all the industries. And it's not true all the geographies. That's why I will not mention any secular trend around the end of the era of ERP because there's going to be a new era of the cloud. Again, we've seen strong ERP activities in some of our verticals because there will always be a need for a very strong backbone to run your operation from a finance standpoint and from an HR standpoint, from a procurement standpoint and from a supply chain standpoint. That is going to move from one country to another and from one industry to another, and I think this is what it is. I would say that that's more cyclical than secular.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just one question for David. When I look at consulting, it did 3% constant currency this quarter. And demand environment, I think you guys are staying stable to positive and we're hearing signs of enterprise spending generally getting better. But consulting guidance for the full year, I think you said constant currency flat to low single digits, which is almost a decline from the fourth quarter. I heard your comments on the first quarter. But I guess I'm surprised that there's no pickup in consulting kind of throughout the fiscal year. So I just want to make sure I understand why that is.
David P. Rowland: Well, again, I think we are influenced by what we have seen really for the last 4 or 5 quarters now in the consulting space. And we were pleased with what we saw in quarter 4. But yet, one quarter doesn't make a trend. So -- in many ways, it's been -- it's more of the same. We see some green shoots. We see some areas of potential strength. We see a pipeline. But yet, the market environment is such that it has not yet translated itself into a sustained upward trajectory of growth. And so when we see that, we'll call it as we see it. But at this point, we need to string together a couple of three quarters of seeing that before we could declare that as a trend and then factor that into our guidance.
Operator: Moshe Katri of Cowen.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You spoke a bit about Brazil, but you didn't say much about Japan, I believe. If I remember, Japan's high-tech vertical was weak last quarter. Can you kind of elaborate on that?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, so let me comment on Japan. So just starting by saying that I'm pleased with the overall performance of the...
David P. Rowland: He asked about Japan.
Pierre Nanterme: About Japan, oh sorry, sorry. So okay, Japan. When you look at Japan, indeed, we mentioned last quarter that we were challenged with the EHT activity in Japan. And again, it's more or less the same. We're working hard in Japan. And I'm pleased to report that we have some recent bookings that are giving us more optimism that Japan might turn the corner and get back to the kind of growth we might expect from that country. Now probably Japan is not totally out of the woods. We are still challenged, especially in the vertical you're mentioning. But it's interesting to see that this is exactly, in that vertical, that we're starting to see some opportunities in some of our recent bookings. So not yet there, but clearly sign of improvements.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, on the outsourcings you already had [ph], as you said your book-to-bill looks very reasonable, very strong actually. Can you comment on conversion rate, conversion bookings there or conversion rates in general? Is there a change? Has that accelerated, or it's kind of the same?
David P. Rowland: Yes, we really haven't seen any notable change in the conversion rates on the outsourcing side.
Operator: Joseph Foresi of Janney Montgomery.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about the moderation you're calling out in Financial Services and health care. How much is that cyclicality versus large projects? And how should we think about that? I know you talked about the ramp throughout the year, but how should we think about that in a more macro way?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, let me pick that one at the macro level, if you will. I think for HPS and Financial Services, I don't think there is, again, something structural. I think here we have some very, I would say, classic and cyclical situation. The 2 verticals have been doing very well, of course, on the back of some strong and large program, which is very typical at Accenture. It happened that some of these large program are naturally coming to an end, and they need to be replenished, and that's happening on a regular basis in our business. It happened that for both HPS and Financial Services, we have this impact in Q1. And so we mentioned this moderation of the growth. But in both of those 3 verticals, health, public sector and Financial Services, we are pleased with the level of pipeline as we can see it, and we are confident they're going to build again moving forward in the next part of the year.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And my second question, I think this is a number of consecutive quarters where we've seen BPO have record bookings. Is it fair to say that you're seeing a shift away from those ERP projects to either new technology and outsourcing work? And if so, if that's a permanent shift, can we expect that bookings conversion rate to trend lower over a longer period of time?
Pierre Nanterme: I will comment overall on the BPO and let David commenting on the rest. BPO is doing very well, and we are doing very well in BPO. So I'm pleased to have the opportunity to acknowledge our people and our leader driving the BPO business. I mean, why -- I mean, first, there is a natural demand on BPO for the reason [ph] of cost management, productivity and efficiency and of course, business process outsourcing is a good response. But what's different with the BPO at Accenture? We invested a lot in BPO, first, and invested to create innovative services with a lot of analytics inside, what we're calling BPO Generation 4 or 5. But forget about the generation. Just to mention that we are investing in bringing more capabilities and more innovation out of our BPO. So there is a strong demand. We have differentiated solutions and services. And indeed, we invested as well through our acquisitions, as I mentioned before, because we believe it's a very good solution for our clients. So very pleased with where we are with BPO, and we believe there is a sustainable pattern here.
David P. Rowland: Yes, and we really haven't seen any structural change in the book-to-bill ratios or the conversion rates. I mean, we do have -- I guess to Pierre's point, we do increasingly integrate a lot of classic consulting type services with these BPO offerings, and that's a key point of distinction for us. But yet, we really haven't seen any structural change overall in the book-to-bill's conversion rates, et cetera.
Operator: David Koning of Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, in just looking at free cash flow, historically we go back and it had been about 20% to 50% above EPS for many years in a row. And last year, it was maybe 10% above EPS. And then this year, it looks like you're guiding to kind of in-line to maybe up to 10% above earnings. So I'm just wondering, is there maybe a little change, maybe even how you issue share-based comp? Or maybe why has free cash flow, that range, kind of narrowed?
David P. Rowland: Yes, I don't -- there really hasn't been any change. And if anything, through the years, our DSOs, at least until recently, they've been pretty steady at the current levels. But through the years, if you think about where we were originally as a public company and where we are now, our DSOs have actually gotten progressively better. So frankly, I'll have to give some thought to your question and look at that. But I can't -- I certainly couldn't put my finger on any structural change as you're implying, but I can give that some thought.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. No, that's great. And just, I guess, as a follow-up, if we look back very long term, you guys have, outside of recessions, generally grown somewhere around 10% or so top line. And I know now last year and this year, it's feeling a little more like low to mid single-digit growth. And is part of that just the moving into, I guess, more penetration of IT, that maybe we're just in a lower-growth period now for a sustained period? Or do you think you can get back to more that normalized 10% growth over some period of time?
David P. Rowland: Well, I think that the -- as I had mentioned in some of my comments, where we find ourselves right now is that we have been in a, certainly, in a 4 to 5 period -- 4 to 5 quarter period of just lower growth in our addressable market. And I mean, not to get into this too deeply, but when we talk about our addressable market, and it's the same approach we take for looking at market share, as we take this very fragmented market space that we're in, and we've chosen carefully, thoughtfully 40-some-odd companies that we think represent really the market that we're in. And we track the actual growth of that market defined in that way, and then we look at our performance against that. And if you look at that market, the addressable market as we describe it, that market has grown 2% to 2.5% probably on average if you go over the last 4 to 5 quarters. And what we're in right now is no different than cycles that we've been in -- many other cycles, where when you hit a period of low growth in our addressable market, even though we take share, the math is such that even taking share, our growth is going to be lower. And I think what you and we think about is how much the market will grow when we come out of the cycle. And then of course, when it returns to stronger growth, we'll continue to do what we do, which is take share in a stronger market.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and to build on that and we're just looking at the numbers, if you look in the prior '08, the global economic growth has been in the range of 5%-ish. If you look at these last couple of years, the global economic growth has been in the range of 2%-ish. And at the end of the day, the addressable market is somewhat correlated to the global economic growth. I mean, that's a kind of natural correlation at some point in time. So the reality is that today, we're in a world growing at 2%. And as mentioned by David, the addressable market, the way we define, has been growing in that range. So we are executing against our commitment, which is anyway to grow more than the market and then deliver value to our clients and shareholders. But the world has changed.
Operator: Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I want to go back to the M&A question. And so if you spent, let's call it, $800 million roughly to gain, say, about $300 million of revenue contribution, which is about 1%, that's a pretty good-sized revenue multiple. So from a strategic viewpoint, what is it that these acquisitions bring you that you like so much? If you can explain on that, and then I have a follow-up.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, absolutely. What we like so much is the differentiation, the positioning and the future growth they're going to bring to Accenture. And first, if you want to buy good companies, you need to pay for it. This is as simple as this. You do not have so many good companies in the marketplace, so you need to prepare to pay for the quality. And second, we are concentrating our acquisitions in companies with differentiated assets, and not only with people and companies where you will find differentiated assets and solution and so proprietary IP, you have a multiple which is higher than the pure people-based kind of company. So we're always very thoughtful that we are paying the right price, that we are looking to pay the right price for right quality as well and the companies we acquired are very good in the context of BPO, in the context of Digital Marketing. You know the names. And we are very pleased with the returns so far, and we believe that indeed, they are bringing differentiated solution and assets that's going to position very well Accenture for the future.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood. And then sort of a similar question on the ERP side, one question I get a lot from investors is how big is the ERP dependency for Accenture, specifically with regards to such things as license growth at partners like SAP and Oracle versus how much of that ERP work is long tail work like maintenance? If you could help us on that, it would be great.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, we're managing a highly diverse portfolio of business. So of course, ERPs are important, and they are important for all the industry. It's the backbone of a lot of things our clients are doing in IT to build system and then in driving maintenance and so forth. But again, we are a very highly diversified company. We are doing ERP, and we are doing a lot of other things in our portfolio of business. I'm thinking about what I'm mentioning in Digital Marketing, in mobility, the way I studied around mobile wallet; look at analytics, which is a growing part of our business as well; cloud-related activities; and I can mention many other activities. So yes, ERP are important. And yes, we are not dependent only on ERP given our diversified portfolio of business.
KC McClure: Paul, we have time for one more question, and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: The last question today is from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Pierre, you alluded to higher volatility from the emerging markets. Brazil, of course, was a theme in last quarter's call. Can you elaborate on which other markets you're seeing higher volatility and how that's affecting demand patterns in consulting and outsourcing?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, frankly, the one with the highest volatility and probably caught us by surprise to be honest will be Brazil. We had a very strong growth over many years. Brazil was, as you all know, a place where many of our clients have been investing for quite a long time. And what happened in Brazil probably caught our clients and ourselves a little bit by surprise with what's happened now. Brazil is going to come back because when you look at the fundamentals of Brazil, they are still very strong. They have the population. They have the middle class. They have as well natural resources. So the fundamentals are there. They just need probably to get to some level of consolidation, put our act together from a political and economical standpoint and then the growth will come back in Brazil. For the rest, frankly, I'm very pleased with one country which is very important for Accenture but going to be extremely important for the future is China. I mean, China is going to be the second largest economy in the world. We all know how strong is China. And frankly, double-digit growth in China these last quarters, not to mention these last couple of years, I'm extremely pleased with what's happening. So for the rest, we might see a little bit more maybe volatility, if you will, in countries such as South Africa. I think it might happen in countries such as Russia as well for all sorts of reasons we might all understand. But what's important for us is to have some critical anchor countries where we're putting some significant level of investment, leadership and attention. And for us, clearly, China is extremely important for the future of Accenture.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then any thoughts on consulting versus outsourcing in the largest emerging markets in terms of growth and demand trends?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, good question because clearly in the mature markets today, you have a bias towards cost productivity, still efficiency for all sorts of reason we know, low economic growth. So a company to be more competitive, you need to be extremely mindful regarding your costs. And so you have this consequence around outsourcing and BPO being more in demand at consulting in that cycle. If you move to the emerging markets, they're still in an environment where you need to build capabilities. And it's not a surprise that we see some ERP work or build work or consulting work, for instance, in countries such as China, where you will see probably more consulting than outsourcing in countries such as China. So it's probably fair indeed, David, to call that in emerging markets, it's going to be more skewed towards consulting versus outsourcing and in mature markets, it's going to be the other way around. Again, that's why I couldn't be more pleased, if you will, with the diversified portfolio of business because at the end of the day, we have the opportunity to balance our portfolio from a consulting to outsourcing standpoint, from mature to emerging market from multiple industry standpoint. And I think this is a recipe to make Accenture resilient in the cycle. All right. I mean, thank you for joining us today. Really appreciated all the questions. As we enter fiscal year '14, I'm confident in our ability to drive profitable growth and deliver our business outlook for the year. Accenture remains uniquely positioned in the marketplace. We are the partner of choice in executing the transformation agendas of our clients. We are delivering very well against our strategy, and we are making the right investments to capture new opportunities for growth. And we remain focused on continuing to gain market share and delivering value for our clients and our shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Conference in New York, where you will hear directly from many of our leaders about our strategy for differentiation and how we're competing to win. In the meantime, if you have any question, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time on December 26. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering access code 302059. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. This does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-06-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer David P. Rowland - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Joshua, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Joshua just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. David Rowland is also joining us today. As you know, David is currently our Senior Vice President of Finance and will succeed Pam as our Chief Financial Officer on July 1. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2013 and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Overall, our third quarter results were solid. Although, revenues came in below our expectations driven by consulting. We, again, delivered solid bookings, very good profitability and we generated very strong free cash flow. Here is some detail on the quarter. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 3% in local currency. While outsourcing growth was 7%, consulting growth was flat, resulting in total revenues slightly below our guided range. We delivered solid new bookings of $8.3 billion, bringing us to nearly $25 billion for the first 3 quarters of the year. Earnings per share were $1.21, including a benefit of $0.07 from a reduction in reorganization liabilities. Excluding this benefit, earnings per share were $1.14, an increase of 11%. Excluding the reorganization benefit, we delivered record operating income and operating margin, with operating margin expansion of approximately 40 basis points. We generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow and continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.9 billion. And we returned approximately $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual cash dividend. We have updated our business outlook for the full fiscal year and David will cover it later in the call. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers for Q3 in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. As Pierre mentioned, our results in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 were solid overall. Although revenue growth of 3% was slightly below our March outlook range and we now expect this trend of slower revenue growth to continue, as we finish out our fiscal year. Bookings continued to reflect strength in demand for future transformational services, particularly in outsourcing, and bookings were lighter overall than we expected in consulting. Our commitment to managing our business with rigor and discipline was reflected in our strong operating profitability, earnings per share and cash flow this quarter. Now let's go through the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements or their calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $8.3 billion, above our expectations overall, and they included a foreign exchange headwind of negative 3% compared with new bookings in the third quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $3.9 billion, with a book-to-bill level of 1.0, which was lower than the 1.1 we were targeting. Outsourcing bookings were $4.4 billion at a book-to-bill level of 1.3. So let me give you some bookings details, starting with consulting, where we were about 10% below our expectations in each of the 3 categories. In Management Consulting, the macro environment continues to be challenging and volatile. Our clients held back on spending more than we expected, particularly in Europe and Brazil, and the environment is more competitive. Our bookings continue to reflect projects that are larger and longer in duration, and we booked fewer short-term projects. Although our pipeline is down slightly, we do see growth in demand for transformational projects in operations, CRM and risk management. Technology consulting bookings reflected demand for infrastructure consulting projects that span data centers, networks and workplaces, as well as IT strategy projects. As mentioned on our last call, we are strengthening our leadership focus on the technology transformation agendas of our clients. System integration bookings, on the one hand, reflected rising demand for industry-specific Software solutions, where emerging technologies such as Mobility, Analytics and cloud are part of the mix. On the other hand, the bookings also reflected lower demand and a more competitive environment for ERP systems work. The decrease in ERP work was most pronounced in some European countries, as clients are slowing down their investments in add-on work to existing solutions and generally starting fewer large programs right now. Turning to outsourcing. New bookings were well above our expectations. Technology outsourcing bookings were strong, as our clients continue to seek solutions for driving operational efficiencies and flexible cost-effective sourcing. Our Global Delivery Network continues to be well-positioned to meet the increased demand for such solutions. The bookings also reflected moderating demand for add-on system enhancements, consistent with the pattern just mentioned in systems integration. BPO bookings in Q3 were very strong, driven both by our cross-industry offerings, especially finance and accounting, and by our industry-specific solutions, particularly in Financial Services and Health. Demand for BPO services was strong for both the Americas and EMEA and also increased in APAC, as we have now seen a sustained increase in our global market share. Notably, we had bookings of over $100 million at 12 clients, with all 5 operating groups represented and several of these were in EMEA. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the third quarter were $7.20 billion, an increase of 1% in U.S. dollars and 3% in local currency over the same period last year. Q3 revenues were below our guided range of $7.25 billion to $7.5 billion by about $50 million. They reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 2.5% compared with the third quarter last year, which was consistent with the assumption we had provided in March. Consulting revenues were $3.87 billion, down 2% in U.S. dollars and flat in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3.33 billion, an increase of 4% in U.S. dollars and 7% in local currency. Our revenue growth in consulting was not at the level we expected this quarter. First, consulting bookings were almost $400 million lower than we expected in March, including a decline in smaller contracts that convert to revenue more quickly. This was the primary factor that negatively impacted our revenue growth this quarter. A second factor relates to the continuing trend of how our bookings are converting to revenue. Our outlook for Q3 assumed a continuation of the slower conversion we had discussed in recent previous quarters. However, we saw an unexpected uptick in the average duration of our new bookings. In addition, more than we expected, our clients are slowing the pace and level of spending per the arrangements they have with us. The lower consulting revenue reflected the most pronounced differences versus expectations in resources and products, in Brazil and some European countries and in systems integration and management consulting. Although our outsourcing revenues and bookings were higher than we expected this quarter, we do see fewer short-term contracts and some clients slowing their spending on existing applications. Now let me give you some details about revenue by operating group. Health & Public Service revenues increased 11% in local currency, reflecting significant growth in health again this quarter, with strength in both consulting and outsourcing and across the 3 geographic regions. Our health administration and connected health offerings continued to be the primary drivers of growth. We also continued to see growth in public service in both consulting and outsourcing in the Americas and Asia Pacific, and at the same time, we continue to reposition the public service business in EMEA. Financial Services revenues increased 8% in local currency, with double-digit growth in insurance and capital markets. Outsourcing revenues reflected very strong growth overall, as our industry business services offerings are putting us more and more at the core of our clients' businesses. Consulting revenues continued their pattern of slight growth, reflecting less demand for smaller projects. While Financial Services is well-positioned going forward, particularly in outsourcing, we expect more moderate growth in Q4 compared to the unusually strong growth we had in Q4 of fiscal '12. The Products Operating group had local currency revenue growth of 4%, it was higher than that in the Americas and EMEA, partially offset by a decline in APAC. Outsourcing growth was strong across the globe and the different dimensions of products. Despite solid growth in Life Sciences, consulting revenues decreased overall and were lower than we expected. A number of our larger ERP programs are now substantially complete right now, and we are staffing [ph] up to the growing demand for services that enable our clients to transform into more digital companies, including multi-channel customer solutions, product life cycle management and operations. Communications, Media & Technology revenues decreased 3% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected a modest decrease, with the expected ramp down from one contract in EMEA, partially offset by very strong growth in the Americas across all industries. Consulting revenues declined slightly overall, but I'm pleased to point out that the communications industry in EMEA and high-tech in the Americas had strong double-digit growth. While the communications industry remains dynamic, we believe our offerings around transformation are resonating with our clients. Overall, in CMT, we expect year-over-year revenue performance to improve going forward. Resources net revenues decreased 3% in local currency, due primarily to a decline in natural resources. Outsourcing revenues were flat overall, as growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific was offset by declines in the Americas. Consulting revenues declined and continued to be impacted by the completion of several large ERP programs and clients taking a more phased approach to consulting projects. These trends had a higher than expected drag on resources revenues during the third quarter. Overall, we expect resources revenues to continue to decline in the near term. Let me comment briefly on our geographies. In the Americas, we continue to be pleased with the strong growth in the United States. EMEA declined very slightly again this quarter, as local currency growth is mixed, with positive growth in several countries, offset by declines in a few others. Growth was impacted by the expected ramp down of one contract in CMT, and without the impact of that contract, EMEA, overall, grew slightly. Asia Pacific was flat in Q3, as we expected growth there to moderate. Growth in China and India was offset by expected declines in Japan and also in Australia, where we had experienced recent periods of very strong growth. We expect APAC revenues to decline slightly next quarter. So to summarize on revenues. We had anticipated a better overall macro environment in the second half of our fiscal year, which has not come to pass. And we have experienced some changes in demand patterns as we've gone through the first 3 quarters. While we now do not see the pickup, the result is that revenue growth has been relatively consistent. It is 4% year-to-date, and we are navigating well in this dynamic environment. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 33.9% compared with 33.1% for the same period last year, up approximately 80 basis points. This result did reflect improved outsourcing contract for profitability. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was $887 million or 12.3% of net revenues, compared with 11.9% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, reflecting higher costs this year to build our pipeline and pursue acquisitions. General and administrative expense was $459 million or 6.4% of net revenues, flat compared with the third quarter last year. Finally, like in Q2, we had another reorganization reserve release this quarter. This $50 million benefit represented a further reduction in the reorganization liabilities established when we transitioned to a corporate structure in 2001. Similar to last quarter, this is a noncash item, and at this point, the reorganization liabilities established 12 years ago are all but behind us. GAAP operating income was $1.14 billion in the third quarter. Excluding the reorganization item I just mentioned, operating income for the third quarter was $1.09 billion or 15.2% of net revenue, up approximately 40 basis points compared with Q3 last year. This record result reflects our commitment to driving operating profitability expansion in our business. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.8% compared with 28.5% for the third quarter last year. Excluding the benefit of the reorganization item, the effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2013 was 24.8%. Net income was $874 million for the third quarter, and it was $763 million for the same quarter last year. Excluding the benefit of the reorg item, net income for the third quarter was $824 million, an increase of 8%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.21, compared with $1.03 in the third quarter last year. Excluding the benefit of the reorganization item, EPS for the third quarter were $1.14. Let me walk down the components of the $0.18 year-over-year increase in EPS. So first, without the reorganization item, the increase is made up of $0.03 from higher revenue and operating results; $0.02 from a lower share count; and $0.06 from a lower effective tax rate. These add to an $0.11 EPS increase, and we had an additional $0.07 from the reduction in reorg liabilities, which add to a total year-over-year increase in EPS of $0.18 in the quarter. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding continued to be industry-leading. They were 30 days, down slightly from 31 days last quarter and in line with Q3 last fiscal year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.4 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.5 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $91 million. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at May 31 was $5.9 billion compared with $6.6 billion at August 31 last year, which reflects the cash returned to shareholders so far through share repurchases and dividends, the U.S. pension contribution we funded in Q1 and some acquisitions we have made. We have done very well in allocating a more significant level of capital for strategic and focused new acquisitions this fiscal year, which will contribute growth and revenue synergies to our business going forward. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 266,000 people, and we now have approximately 174,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q3, our utilization was 88%, consistent with Q2. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 12%, compared to 11% in Q2 and 13% in Q3 last fiscal year. Lastly, we expect that more than 50,000 people will join our company this fiscal year. Let me wrap up by commenting on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 7.8 million shares for $618 million at an average price of $79.55 per share. Year-to-date, we've purchased 19.8 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion at an average price of $72.94 per share. At May 31, we had approximately $3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. On May 15, 2013, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal '13 in the amount of $0.81 per share, bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to $1.1 billion. So, that's it from me. Thanks again for listening these past 7 years. I'd also like to thank all Accenture people, past, present and future, for driving our company to greatness. Back to Pierre now to give you an update on some exciting things going on in our business, and then over to David for business outlook, as he is ready to take over as Accenture's CFO.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our Q3 results demonstrate that we continue to operate in an environment that remains uncertain and volatile. Against that backdrop, we continue to focus on driving profitable growth, by increasing operational efficiency to deliver margin expansion and enhancing our competitiveness to gain market share. At the same time, we are investing in our business to develop unique services that sharpen our differentiation and enable us to provide end-to-end services that deliver tangible business outcomes for clients. As the market continues to evolve rapidly, we clearly see the opportunity to position Accenture for future growth. As I meet with CEOs around the world, it's striking to see how digital is now a part of every conversation. Digital is fundamentally disrupting business models and requiring companies to rethink how they operate, from how they interact with customers and employees to how they manage their supply chains and collaborate with business partners. I believe that Accenture is very well-positioned to help clients transform their businesses to compete in this new digital world. Marketing is one of the key functions that digital is having a huge impact on. Chief Marketing Officers are increasingly looking for integrated solutions that bring together strategy, technology and analytics, add scale to get more value out of their investments. To better serve them, we continue to make strategic investments to enhance Accenture Interactive, our Digital Marketing Services group. These include this acquisition of Acquity Group, the second largest independent Digital Marketing company in the U.S.; Fjord, a global design firm; and earlier this year, avVenta, a digital production company. Together, these acquisitions expand our capabilities and position us as a leader in this fast-growing segment of the market. Accenture Interactive was key to a recent win at BMW, which selected us to manage the rollout of its new web platform to 100 markets around the world. We will also manage its online marketing campaigns, including content customization and social media in local markets, helping BMW deliver the right experiences to the right consumers at the right times. We continue to see strong demand for our digital capabilities in many other areas, including Analytics and Mobility. In Analytics, we are helping a major airline improve and personalize its customer experience. We are integrating customer data from different touch points, including mobile devices, tablets, phones and PCs, to give the airline a single comprehensive view of customer preferences. And we recently formed a global strategic alliance with GE to leverage our combined capabilities in Cloud, Analytics, Big Data and Mobility, as well as Accenture's industry expertise to deliver on the vision of the industrial Internet. In the aviation industry, Taleris, our joint venture with GE, is already providing intelligent operation services to airlines, to help them predict potential aircraft maintenance faults and recommend preventive action. We are continuously innovating to differentiate our capabilities to increase our competitiveness. We continue to make good progress with our end-to-end business services, which combine management consulting technology and business process outsourcing. Through Accenture Finance and Risk Services, we are helping Santander Group transform its corporate credit risk function. The new platform is expected to enable all 12 of Santander's country business units to improve operational efficiency, better manage risk and support Basel III regulatory compliance. And at the same time, we continue to support our clients with their large-scale transformation initiatives. We are working with a large international insurance organization to transform its global financial reporting functions using an SAP-based solution. The new system allows the client to accelerate their financial close time and more efficiently generate financial statements across operations in 130 countries. Turning to our geographic performance. Despite these challenges I mentioned in Brazil, our priority emerging markets as a whole continue to grow at a faster rate than Accenture in the quarter. We delivered very strong double-digit growth in China, India, South Africa and the Middle East, reflecting the continued improvements in our market position in these important markets for the future. And once again, I would like to recognize the performance of our business in the United States, our largest single market, which posted double-digit growth again this quarter. We continue to see a very good return on the investments we have made in banking, insurance, health and life sciences. In summary, in this fast-changing yet volatile environment, we are focused on executing our growth strategy, with the right intervention in our existing business and targeted investment in new areas for growth. We believe that our innovation agenda, our diverse portfolio of business and our relentless focus on operational excellence will continue to drive top- and bottom-line results. As you know, this is Pam's last earning call, and we want to thank her, again, for her many contributions over the years and wish her the very best. David Rowland will become our CFO on Monday, and I'm going to turn the call over to him now to provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year.
David P. Rowland: Thanks, Pierre. Before commenting on our guidance, on a personal note, I'd like to thank Pam for her tremendous contribution to both Accenture and our finance function. She has certainly set a high bar for the CFO role, and I'll work hard to continue in that tradition. Now turning to guidance. For the fourth quarter of fiscal '13, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.7 billion to $7 billion. This assumes an FX impact of approximately negative 1% compared to the fourth quarter in fiscal '12. We expect slight moderation in our outsourcing revenue growth, with consulting revenues ranging from a modest decline to a slight increase. For the full fiscal year '13, based upon how rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we now assume the impact of FX to be negative 1.7% compared to fiscal '12, a change from the negative 1% we provided last quarter. We now expect our fiscal '13 revenue to be in the range of 3% to 4% growth in local currency. On new bookings, we continue to expect to be in the range of $31 billion to $34 billion for the full fiscal year '13, and anticipate that they will be in the upper half of that range. We expect quarter 4 will reflect continued strong outsourcing bookings and consulting bookings similar to Q3. GAAP operating margin is now expected to be in the range of 15.2% to 15.3% for fiscal '13. Excluding the impact of the reorganization benefit year-to-date, we now expect the adjusted range to be 14.2% to 14.3%, a 30- to 40-basis-point expansion over fiscal '12. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 18.5% to 19.5%, or 25.5% to 26.5% on an adjusted basis. We now expect GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $4.90 to $4.94, or $4.18 to $4.22 on an adjusted basis. This adjusted EPS range reflects 9% to 10% growth for fiscal year '13 and includes a $0.03 reduction due to the updated FX assumption of negative 1.7%. For the full fiscal year, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.3 billion, property and equipment additions to continue to be approximately $400 million and free cash flow to now be in the range of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. Finally, we remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '13, we continue to expect to return at least $3.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2%. Looking ahead to fiscal '14, we're now in the middle of our business planning and as part of that planning, we're analyzing how the different elements for our business are evolving. As we have in the past, we'll provide you with our fiscal '14 outlook at the Q4 earnings call in September. In closing, it's clear we are now in the midst of a changing demand pattern, particularly as it relates to our consulting business. Having said that, I'm pleased with our positive growth in fiscal '13, which we believe is ahead of market growth and reflects our strong positioning with our clients and the broader market. As always, we remain committed to managing our business with a high degree of discipline, focusing on profitable revenue growth, expanding margins, driving EPS, delivering strong cash flow and returning a significant portion of that cash to our shareholders. With that, we're ready to take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, David. [Operator Instructions] Joshua, would you provide instructions for those on the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just, I guess, I'll ask about the consulting side, the small deal activity. I know, Pierre, you mentioned last quarter that there were some early signs that it might be getting a little bit better, which looks like it didn't materialize. I'm just trying to reconcile that to the shortfall in consulting this quarter. Did demand deteriorate, or did it just not improve as much as you thought?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, indeed, it definitely didn't improve the way we expected, and we see more softness in that part of the business in consulting, smaller deals. So we expected some improvement, and that, indeed, didn't materialize the way we expected.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. So can we say that demand for the most part is still generally stable then, it just didn't improve in the quarter, just to clarify?
Pierre Nanterme: I would probably say didn't improve, and in that particular segment of the business, it has been probably softening a bit.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So a little bit of softening. Fair enough. Did -- curious, my follow-up. Any -- what are you hearing from your clients as it relates to immigration reform? I guess it just passed in the Senate just a few minutes ago. What are you hearing from clients with respect to that? Is it impacting demand at all? And just generally, what are the implications for Accenture?
David P. Rowland: Tien-Tsin, this is David. I'm going to give you the answer that you're probably expecting, but we really can't comment on pending legislation. What I can say, as you know, is that we have a global workforce. Most of the people who work for us in the United States are U.S. citizens. And where we use the visa program, we use it where we have to get specialized skills not otherwise available and then also leverage our Global Delivery Network. And so, really, that's our position on this, and we really just can't speculate or comment any further on what may or may not happen with legislation.
Operator: Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Pam, best wishes to you as well. Guys, so your report emphasizes the weakness in consulting demand, but I want to focus a bit here on the outsourcing demand environment. The outsourcing revenue growth was also light versus expectations. So I guess I'm wondering, did outsourcing add-on revenues struggle or did you see new deal ramps struggle or some combination of the 2?
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, it's Pam. We did see a combination. I mean -- first of all, I mean, versus our expectations, outsourcing revenues came in well. And we did, as I mentioned, see -- we do see some of the sort of smaller add-on work to existing applications that is slowing a bit, but at the same time, we have this real strength in BPO. So it's a real mix of things. And some of these bigger deals, as we mentioned, with the durations, those are continuing to ramp up slower.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And so given the ongoing strength in outsourcing bookings, should outsourcing revenue growth reaccelerate sometime soon? I know you're expecting some moderation in growth in Q4, but the bookings would imply that you at least have ingredients in place for that revenue growth to potentially accelerate. So can you give us some insight on how you're expecting the revenue growth progression in the outsourcing segment after Q4?
David P. Rowland: Rod, this is David. And I'm not going to comment in specific terms, as we're really in the middle of planning FY '14, and we'll come back in September and give you more specific insight on your question. What I can tell you is that we feel very good about our outsourcing pipeline. We feel very good about the bookings that we've generated, not only this quarter, but for the last 2 or 3 quarters. We've had a large number -- if you reflect on what Pam said about the number of deals we had over $100 million this quarter and -- as well as what we've said the last 2 quarters, we've had a lot of large, very good contracts that we've closed so far. And we feel very good about the larger contracts that we have in our pipeline. And so on the back of that, we are building a very good base of contracted revenue, and that ultimately gives us confidence going forward in the strength of our outsourcing business. In terms of specifics, relative to growth beyond quarter 4, we're just not in a position to comment on that, specifically.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: All right. Just a little bit of pushback on that. I mean, I understand you don't want to get into fiscal -- the next fiscal year, but with the outsourcing booking strength and the deceleration that's happening in outsourcing, is there something happening where duration has ramped up in such a significant way that it's making the bookings look stronger than the amount of revenue that can be supported by those bookings, or are you actually maybe seeing some things that are getting booked and then they actually fall out of the business, and so you're seeing some fallout in work that you've previously booked? I mean, is there something happening along those lines?
David P. Rowland: Yes. Just a couple of thoughts to your question. I mean, first of all, and I'll just work backwards, we have not seen any change in cancellations. So cancellations are not evident in anything we've seen to date. There's not any abnormal pattern in that regard. So we really don't have a situation where we're contracting work and then it is being canceled. The other thing I would say is that nothing's changed in our business in terms of our criteria for reporting bookings. It's based on having a signed legally binding agreement with our clients that stipulates our services and what the services and the fees will be that we'll earn over that contract. And so our contracted revenue is solid as it's been as well. Now we have had some -- over the last 2 or 3 quarters at different periods, our new bookings have had the characteristic of longer duration. And that is impacting the conversion of outsourcing bookings to revenue similar to what we have seen in consulting, but yet the contracted revenue that we have, resulting from the bookings that we've had, we feel very good about.
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, this is Pam. I'll just add one comment, and that is, for smaller outsourcing bookings, there's a certain amount of that, that ends up getting filled in, in a quarter, right? They're not these big -- bigger transformational kinds of deals, but more smaller, sometimes add-on kinds of things. And that's the bucket of things that we've seen be a little softer.
Operator: Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to ask also, and follow-up on the outsourcing side. I guess our surprise was it had been almost 10 quarters, I think, of double-digit growth in outsourcing, and yet coming in at 7% constant currency, you guys seem to be happy with that or at least better than expectations. So maybe our expectations are off on what the long-term outlook should be in outsourcing, and maybe the double-digit growth that we've had in the past was never going to be sustainable. So maybe you can just talk about that.
David P. Rowland: Well, part of it is, we have mentioned for several quarters now that we had a large contract in Europe. And that contract throughout this year has impacted our revenue growth in total, but also in outsourcing, and the peak level of impact, if you will, was in the third quarter. So that is reflected in the growth percentage that we're reporting. And, of course, it will continue to have an impact in the fourth quarter as well to a lesser extent, but then over time, that will drop out of our compare and we'll have more of an apples-to-apples comparison.
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, even when we planned the year, Brian, I mean, we were expecting this moderation in outsourcing. What didn't materialize as we expected was the pickup in consulting in the latter part of the second half of the year.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And also, there might have been a few acquisitions that rolled off in the outsourcing side, just clarification on that. And then renewals, is renewals also in the bookings, so that could be inflating the bookings number and why it's not translating into revenue?
David P. Rowland: Renewals are reflected in our bookings, but again, there's not anything abnormal about the renewals that we've had in our portfolio relative to outsourcing new bookings we've reported in the past.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally for me. Contracted revenue over the next 4 quarters, I know it was 80% in the first quarter. I don't think we got it in the second quarter, and then it'd be great to have it this quarter as well.
David P. Rowland: Yes. In fact, it was not -- that question was not asked last quarter, so your memory is very good. But the contracted revenues that we have, and we give you this number as -- over the next 4 quarters, but we have about 10% growth -- or 10% more contracted revenues over the next 4 quarters.
Pamela J. Craig: And for what it's worth, it was 8% last quarter.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Operator: Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just coming back to the other points that you guys made on the rate of competition changing. Can you just go back through that in terms of where the competitive dynamics are changing? Is this a function that is translating into pricing pressure for you guys? How do you -- if you guys could just maybe elaborate a little bit on the competitive dynamics, that would be helpful.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will take that one. Thanks a lot, Julio. I mean, the competition I would characterize as pretty stable across the patch. I mean, as you know, we're competing against the same range of competitors. Now, it is true that in some parts of the world, and I'm thinking about, again, consulting Europe, Brazil, as it has been mentioned before, resources and more natural resources, when the market is softening a bit, then the level of competition is naturally increasing and putting more pressure on pricing and on competition there. But I would characterize that piece as quite concentrated on a few areas of the business, the one I just mentioned before, specifically those 3. For the rest of the business, I believe that the competition is pretty stable. I would not noticed anything specific in that quarter.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up. What were the fiscal fourth quarter consulting local currency growth expectations in outsourcing again?
Pamela J. Craig: He's got it.
David P. Rowland: Yes, we just said that -- my comment was that it would moderate a little from the 7% that we just reported in the third quarter.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: For outsourcing?
David P. Rowland: Yes, for outsourcing.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And what about consulting?
David P. Rowland: Consulting will be kind of low single-digits, negative to slightly low single-digit positive.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So some hope for growth. Okay.
David P. Rowland: Yes.
Operator: Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe just wanted to start with a question for David. I mean, as you prepare 3 months from now to give us your initial fiscal '14 guidance, are you rethinking any of the internal budgeting or forecasting processes, just given what seems to be like a little bit of some loss of visibility reflected over the last few quarters that was more exacerbated this quarter, I would say, relative to expectations? I mean, I'm just sort of building on the comment you guys had made that the consulting bookings, I think you had said, were about $400 million light in the month of March, but I know you guys had spoken to us at the very end of March and things actually sounded pretty good then. So just wanted to get your take on the overall internal budgeting and forecasting processes and systems and if you think any adjustments are needed there.
David P. Rowland: Yes. Jason, that is a very fair question to ask. And I'll start off by telling you that we're not in the business of missing guidance, and we don't find that to be acceptable. So that would not be our expectation going forward. Now having said that, we do have a very robust planning forecasting function in Accenture. And I think that as much as anything else, we have found ourselves in this period of change and evolution, in particular, in the consulting business. We've had some areas of our business where the activity is much different than we would have expected, some of which would have been tough to predict, like the depth of the economic challenges in Brazil, some of the growth challenges in Japan. And frankly, for anyone, I think it's tough to predict even today what's happening in Europe with the macro environment. And so we have a large complex business and a large complex world and even the best forecasting processes when you're going through a period of change. You can have, in our case, a quarter where the lens was not as clear as we would have hoped it would have been. And so we are always trying to get better in everything we do, forecasting included. We've certainly learned a lot over the last 2 or 3 quarters, and we're putting those insights that we've learned this quarter, in particular, to good use in terms of being better predictors of our business going forward.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just as a follow-up, can you talk about -- you mentioned clients are holding back on spending, and you were pretty clear that you're not seeing cancellations. Obviously, that's good news, but maybe if we can just parse this a little bit more. Is this clients holding back on decisions regarding new bookings or is it more that they're slowing down the ramp of existing projects? Or is it really just kind of an even mix of both of those?
Pierre Nanterme: I would probably take a little bit of both. I mean, the -- I mean, definitely, the overall environment has not been progressing probably the way we all expected, including our clients, when you look at our Q3. The situation in Europe is not even slightly better. It's probably slightly worse. Even if we do not have a Greece event, if you will, the environment is moving from an economic standpoint to recession. And so the mood with our clients over there is still to be thoughtful and to be very mindful about the way they invest. And when clients are thoughtful and mindful, they tend to wait a little bit more and to think further on when and how much they're going to invest. It's particularly true when it's about smaller projects, as we mentioned, but indeed, this is what I would characterize as the softness, particularly true in Europe and in Europe, in South Europe, to be even more specific. And it's definitely true that -- to be honest, not something we anticipated at that level in Brazil, situation has changed recently. And clearly, we have good discussions with clients over there, but we see more discussion and the clients postponing or delaying their decisions. So that's the kind of environment, again, I would characterize, especially in Brazil, Southern Europe and the natural resources, given the cyclical nature of that business, especially the mining business.
Operator: Keith Bachman from the Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had 2 also. And the first one is, what are the conditions to enable the consulting business to grow? When you started the year, there was expectation, particularly exiting the year, that would be mid- to high-single digits, and now you're kind of tracking at 0% growth. Is it purely economic or is there other practice areas or competitive landscape as you think about FY '14? But more broadly, what are the conditions that would enable consulting to grow?
Pierre Nanterme: I think first -- and thanks a lot for the question, Keith. I think consulting, it's all about launching projects, programs, if you will. So it's slightly different from the mindset on outsourcing, which most of the time is more driven through cost optimization. Consulting is more about building for the future, if you will, for clients. And building for the future is requiring confidence, confidence in the economic outlook, confidence in the business. And, again, there are parts of the world where that confidence is not at the level we expected. And so what we can guess is, indeed, the economic condition in Europe would progress. If the situation in Brazil as well is moving to a more positive outcome, then confidence will be rebuilt with our clients and investors and we might see more consulting pickup. But that is probably what that is. The level of confidence is not at the level we expected. And there is an eroding economic conditions in some parts of the world.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. But presumably, within that context, you feel like you have the risk of a downside appropriately captured at this point, at least for the next quarter or so on consulting?
David P. Rowland: Yes, we think we do. We've -- we feel like we've got a reasonable range reflected in our guidance. Again, it reflects the learnings from the third quarter.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Well, let me ask my follow-up then. You highlighted during the call the importance of acquisitions, and I certainly think that's a sound strategy, a great strategy. Is there a way that you could highlight, a, what was the level of acquisition-driven revenue this quarter? Did it contribute any amount of points of growth, 1 point or so? And then, b, how do you think about it going forward? Is there a way that you could provide some dimensions as we think longer term of either a percent of cash flow or a percent of revenue grow that you're targeting as you think more broadly about acquisitions? And that's it for me.
Pamela J. Craig: So Keith, I'll just quickly give you the answer on the quarter, which was it was less than 1%. And then let me turn it over to Pierre to give you the future look here.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. In the current context -- well, yes, it's not new. I mean, that's a strategy we discussed with all of you during the IA day. And recently, we will use acquisition as a way for us to invest in fast-growing areas. And to execute our growth strategy, and this is exactly what we do, indeed, we set as an objective to deploy something like 15% of our free cash flow in acquisition, and this is what we are doing. I think we are doing that this year in a very efficient way around our clear strategic initiatives, clear priorities in term of industry, clear priorities in term of technologies. I mentioned the Digital Marketing as a fast-growing area is where we have been deploying our capital into acquisitions. And we will continue to do so to make sure that through acquisition, we are capturing new waves of growth. And we're pleased with -- and I'm particularly pleased with what we've been doing this year in that front. And this is what we see. You remember the acquisition we made, I think, a year ago or 18 months ago to build Accenture mortgage services on back of the acquisition of avVenta. And we're very pleased, for instance, with the return we're getting from that acquisition. But it's true across the board.
Pamela J. Craig: And just another little data point for you, Keith, that we do expect it will be higher than the 15% of operating cash flow this year.
Operator: Sara Gubins from Bank of America.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You haven't made any change to your headcount plans in spite of the weaker trends. So I'm wondering if there's any shift in the capabilities that you've been adding or you will be adding, or if it suggests that headcount should ramp -- the addition should ramp down into the next year?
David P. Rowland: Yes. I think on the headcount -- I mean, the first thing I would say, Sara, is that our headcount in the third quarter was very well-utilized. Our utilization rates were very high, as Pam indicated. And if you think about the upper end of our range in the fourth quarter, it was -- it's right at about what we just did in the third quarter. And so underneath our headcount, you can see a little more increase in GDN, I think, in the quarter we just completed as opposed to our on-shore resources. But we are very, very good, and I think that's one of our -- one of the areas that, operationally, we've really proven over the quarters and years to be very strong is managing our supply and demand. So we'll continue to move our headcount, both the mix by location, total headcount, as our revenue forecast evolves.
Pamela J. Craig: We were up 5,000 and 4,000 in the GDN.
David P. Rowland: Yes. It was all GDN, almost all GDN.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, given the slower demand environment, I'm wondering if you're seeing any pressure in pricing, either from a competitive dynamic or from your clients as you renegotiate?
Pamela J. Craig: We're not seeing that overall, but on an isolated basis in these concentrated areas, where we have seen softening and thus, more competition, it has been more price competitive.
Operator: Edward Caso from Wells Fargo Securities.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned business process outsourcing, BPO, several times in a positive way, and I was curious maybe if you could flesh it out a little bit more, particularly along the lines of, say, strength in generic kind of F&A work versus more industry-specific, and what Accenture is doing to win and sustain and expand work.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Ed, for the question. And, indeed, very pleased you're asking the question. I'm a big fan of our BPO business. I'm very pleased with our results. That's an area where we've been very specific about the strategy we want to execute, which is all around being extraordinarily focused. And you mentioned finance and accounting as one of this area, I could mention as well procurement and administration, where we are taking some leading position and we are shooting for scale, with good results, I mentioned one in my presentation today. We are as well investing in more [indiscernible]. I mentioned Accenture Credit Services, where we're providing mortgage processing capabilities, regulatory disclosure with life sciences. And, indeed, again, in addition to the add-scale horizontal we've developed, we are executing exactly the same strategy in some priority industries with vertical, insurance, banking, life sciences, I could mention as well health. I am not surprised that you've seen that these 4 industries posting good growth. And finally, BPO is a business where we always aim at differentiating ourselves, adding more capabilities and more insights in what we do, especially around bringing Analytics across the board to make our BPO more relevant and cutting-edge.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My other question is sort of on the contract terms. We talked about pricing a little bit, but are you seeing tightening up on the contract terms, maybe where the risk profile of the contract may be getting a little higher now in the current environment?
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think there's anything major to speak of there, but certainly, on the margin here and there, we do have those challenges.
Operator: Steve Milunovich from UBS.
Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You mentioned some slowing in ERP. Do you view that as just a macro issue in terms of less add-on business, or perhaps also reflective of a more secular shift to cloud-based work?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, it's the former. I think it's -- there's just a little less of the add-on work going on right now. There's fewer of the big ERP things starting. I've been -- I used to do this work myself. I mean, these things just go through those kinds of periods, and it will certainly pick up again. But we do see that trend right now.
Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned Analytics and so forth. As you know, some people talk about the new technologies, this SMAC, or whatever acronym you want to use. Is there any aggregation that you can provide in terms of how much of that kind of business you do, how fast it's growing?
Pierre Nanterme: We're very pleased with where we are. And, indeed, it's an area of high growth for us. So what we would put in this SMAC, for us that would be Digital Marketing, Analytics, Mobility, Cloud. Clearly, our areas where we have something I would characterize as very strong growth.
Pamela J. Craig: Very strong growth. Yes.
Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is that pretty much across the board, or is it in particular industries?
Pierre Nanterme: It's pretty much across the board. Now you have some industries that are more early adopters. And especially the consumer-based industries are more Analytics, Mobile, SMAC-driven, if you will. So communication, banking, insurance, consumer packaged goods, retail, this is where they are investing in the SMAC world.
Pamela J. Craig: Imagine that, Pierre talking SMAC.
Operator: Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Curious -- understanding there are several areas of weakness in international markets. Curious if you're seeing a positive inflection in customer mentality in the U.S. We're beginning to hear that customers here are shifting from cost-cutting to more of a revenue growth focus.
Pierre Nanterme: I love the U.S. I love that market, and I love the U.S. for Accenture for many reasons. First, it's a very large market for Accenture, as you know. Second, it's a market where we, again, posted double-digit growth this quarter and probably for some very good reason. I mean, first, the overall economic environment in the U.S. is better than in the rest of the world. That's a fact. Second is, U.S. companies are more than any other companies in the world early adopters of new technologies. So when you look at this famous SMAC, the early adopters -- the creators of this SMAC are in the U.S. And the early adopters of these new technologies are more in the U.S. So this is what's making the U.S. today a more vibrant practice for Accenture.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, going back to the discussion of headcount. Given the weakness in a number of countries, why remain committed to the more than 50,000 adds this year given the mantra of profitable growth and revenues coming in below plan as you exit the year?
David P. Rowland: Well, part of our model is -- well, first of all, part of that 50,000 is bringing in skills in targeted areas, SMAC, as an example, where we're bringing in skills in high-growth areas. The other thing about our business is that we always have -- true of our business, you always have some churn of resources, and that's healthy for our business. And so we're always going to have hiring. Even if our headcount is relatively stable, we're always going to bring in people, both for skill reasons and also just part of our ongoing pyramid refresh, which, by the way, is part of our profitability agenda as well, how we manage that headcount in the pyramids.
Pierre Nanterme: Okay. Thank you, Katy, and thanks, all, of you for joining us today. In closing, let me share with you a couple of thoughts. Needless to say, we are operating in a fast-changing environment, where disruptive technologies and new business models are accelerating meaningful [ph] clients to transform their businesses. And this is driving demand for our services. Yet, we've been challenged in few concentrated areas, such as consulting in Europe, Brazil and resources. But we are running Accenture as a portfolio of business. And as I look at the year-to-date, there are many key areas where we are performing extremely well, with double-digit growth, including BPO, the United States, China, Mobility, Cloud, Analytics, Insurance, Capital Market, Health and Life Sciences. This is giving me the confidence that we are executing the right strategy, building off a very strong platform, including our Diamond Client relationships, our brand, our industry expertise and our global delivery capabilities, as well as our unique position in the technology ecosystem. The Accenture leadership team, supported by our 266,000 people, remains fully committed to driving profitable growth and delivering value to our clients and shareholders. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 7 p.m. Eastern today until September 26 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at anytime by dialing (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 294684. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-03-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Katie. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Announcement. As Katie just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call: Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will then take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2013. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or in the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the second quarter, which were in line with our expectations. We continue to drive profitable growth and are investing in differentiated services that are clearly resonating with the needs of our clients. Here are a few highlights. We delivered very strong new bookings of $9.1 billion, including record consulting bookings of $4.4 billion. Revenues were $7.1 billion, up 4% in local currency, including strong local currency revenue growth in outsourcing of 10%. And we were particularly pleased with our double-digit revenue growth in both Financial Services and Health & Public Service. We delivered earnings per share of $1.65 on a GAAP basis, including the benefit of 2 items that Pam will talk about when she takes you through the numbers. Absent the benefit of these items, earnings per share were $1. We increased operating income and expanded operating margin on those to GAAP and adjusted bases. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. And we continue to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Today, we announced a semi-annual cash dividends of $0.81 per share, which will bring total dividend payments for the year to $1.62 per share, a 20% increase over last year. So with the first half of the year behind us, I feel good about where we are. And we remain well positioned to meet our outlook for the fiscal year. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. And thanks to all of you for listening today. Let me tell you more about Accenture's fiscal '13 second quarter financial results. Revenue growth was driven by year-over-year strength in 3 of our operating groups, in outsourcing and geographically in the Americas. Profitability in the underlying business was excellent, and we delivered additional margin expansion this quarter. New bookings of over $9 billion reflects strong demand for future business. So delivery was very solid and we are well-positioned for the future. Now let's go through the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $9.1 billion, our second-highest level after the record in Q4 last year. Our bookings reflected a flat foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the second quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $4.4 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $4.7 billion. Let me give you some bookings details, starting with those record consulting bookings. In management consulting, bookings were strong in the United States as well as in Asia Pacific and also in parts of Europe. We continue to see client demand for transformational projects in operations, customer relationship management and talent and organization, as well as a pickup in demand for risk management. Our bookings in technology consulting moderated this quarter, and they primarily reflected projects to drive cost reduction in the data center, network and desktop infrastructures of our clients. We see lots of opportunity ahead and have strengthened our leadership focus on the technology transformation agendas at our clients. System integration bookings reflected strong continued demand to modernize and upgrade installed ERP systems, as well as an increasing demand for industry-specific systems across the major platforms. Emerging technologies are often part of the mix, as we are doing more and more to help our clients integrate Software as a Service, cloud platforms, mobile applications and digital solutions. Turning to outsourcing. Our technology outsourcing bookings were very strong in Q2 as our clients continued to seek solutions for driving operational efficiencies and flexible cost-effective sourcing. Our Global Delivery Network continues to be very well positioned to meet the increased demand for such solutions. These bookings reflect strong demand across all 5 of our operating groups and geographically in the Americas and Asia Pacific. BPO bookings in Q2 reflected continued demand for our cross-industry offerings, especially finance and accounting, and for our industry-specific solutions in communications and banking. Additionally, we had bookings of over $100 million at 14 clients, with all 5 operating groups represented. So reflecting on bookings overall, we feel good about the strength in demand for our services, particularly given our very strong bookings in 2 of the last 3 quarters. Our improved position in contracted revenue makes our visibility better. This bodes well for revenue growth over the longer term. At the same time, the conversion of consulting bookings to revenue at a slower rate, a trend that began about a year ago, is continuing and is therefore continuing to impact our revenue growth short term. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the second quarter were $7.06 billion, an increase of 4% in U.S. dollars and in local currency over the same period last year. Our previously guided range of $6.9 billion to $7.15 billion assumed a foreign exchange impact of negative 1%. There was $55 million more in U.S. dollar revenues resulting from a more favorable actual foreign exchange of 0.2% -- negative 0.2%. Our revenues of $7.06 billion were thus slightly below the midpoint of the recalculated range. Consulting revenues were $3.75 billion, as compared to $3.78 billion last year, flattish as expected, negative 0.5% in local currency growth actually, and rounding to a 1% decline in both U.S. dollars and local currency. We had single-digit local currency growth in the Americas and were down modestly in EMEA and Asia Pacific. As I just mentioned, the slower conversion of bookings continued this quarter and influenced our consulting revenue growth. That said, we did see good sequential growth on a net revenue per network day basis in consulting in Q2. Outsourcing revenues were $3.31 billion, an increase of 9% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currency, with strong double-digit growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific and modest growth in EMEA. EMEA growth was impacted significantly by the ramp-down of one contract in CMT. Now let me give you some highlights of revenue growth in our operating groups. Health & Public Service revenues increased 13% in local currency, reflecting very strong growth in health again this quarter, with strengths in both consulting and outsourcing and across the 3 geographic regions. We also had good demand in public service this quarter in both consulting and outsourcing, driven by strong growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific. We continue to reposition the public service business in EMEA. Financial Services revenues increased 10% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected very significant growth driven primarily in the Americas across all industry groups, particularly in insurance and in banking. Outsourcing growth in EMEA was also strong in banking and insurance. Consulting revenues grew slightly, driven by strong growth in Asia Pacific across all industries and very significant insurance growth in the Americas. This was partially offset by a consulting decline in EMEA as we continue to see less demand for smaller projects there. The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of 6%, driven by strong growth in outsourcing in both technology and BPO in all industry groups and across all 3 geographic regions. Consulting revenues were flat, with puts and takes and strong revenue growth in our pharma/life sciences industry. Overall in Products, the Americas grew double digits, EMEA returned to positive growth this quarter and Asia Pacific declined slightly year-over-year. Resources net revenues decreased 3% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected slight growth overall, with strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific, partially offset by a decline in the Americas. Consulting revenues decreased in all 3 geographic regions and both industries where we have recently completed a few large ERP programs. Consulting growth was significant in chemicals, with ERP ramping up. We are sharpening our strategy to expand our Resources portfolio and our services, particularly in the Americas, and we thus expect that Resources growth in both consulting and outsourcing will be challenged near term. Communications, Media & Technology revenues decreased 4% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected slight growth, driven by strengths in the Americas. EMEA declined primarily due to the expected significant ramp-down from one contract. Consulting revenues declined in all 3 geographic regions, particularly in Asia Pacific and EMEA where certain clients are reducing or deferring investments due to ongoing economic challenges impacting their businesses. Significant consulting growth in high tech in the Americas continued as clients increased their focus on building capabilities and enhancing their competitiveness. We continue to anticipate that CMT will return to growth by the end of the fiscal year. Now let me comment briefly on our geographies. In the Americas, we were very pleased with the performance, particularly the U.S., which posted double-digit growth. EMEA declined very slightly this quarter, less than 1%. Although a handful of countries declined, we are otherwise holding our own in this part of the world, with growth in most of the countries. Asia Pacific grew less this quarter, and we expect this trend to continue. Q2 included a decline in Japan, which was primarily in CMT, where certain clients in the high tech industry there in particular have significant challenges in their businesses right now. In summary, our revenue results reflected strengths across many parts of our businesses as well as some areas where we are sharpening our strategy in order to reignite growth. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 31.6% compared with 31.1% for the same period last year, a 50-basis-point increase. This result reflected improved contract profitability, primarily in outsourcing. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was $834 million or 11.8% of net revenues compared with 11.4% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, reflecting higher costs to replenish our pipeline. General and administrative expense was $456 million or 6.5% of net revenues compared with 6.7% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, a 20-basis-point decrease as we keep driving efficiencies in our cost base as we grow our business. In addition, we had an unusual positive item this quarter, a $224 million benefit from a reduction in reorganization liabilities that we had established in connection with Accenture's transition to a corporate structure in 2001. This is a noncash item. And at this point, the reorganization liabilities established 12 years ago are almost behind us. So GAAP operating income was $1.16 billion in the second quarter. Excluding the reorganization item I just mentioned, operating income for the second quarter was $940 million or 13.3% of net revenue, up 20 basis points compared with Q2 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was negative 0.5% compared with positive 20.5% for the second quarter last year. We had a second unusual noncash item, also with a large positive impact: a $243 million benefit from final determinations related to prior year U.S. federal tax liabilities. Excluding the benefits of this final determination item, as well as the reorganization item, the effective tax rate for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 was 24.8%. Net income was $1.19 billion for the second quarter, and it was $714 million for the same quarter last year. Excluding the 2 unusual items just mentioned, net income for the second quarter was $720 million, an increase of 1%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.65 compared with $0.97 in the second quarter last year. Excluding the 2 unusual items, EPS for the second quarter were $1. Let me walk down the components of the $0.68 year-over-year increase in EPS. So firstly, without the unusual items, the increase is made up of $0.06 from higher revenue and operating results; $0.01 from higher non-operating income; $0.02 from a lower share count, partially offset by $0.06 from a higher effective tax rate. These net to a $0.03 EPS increase before the 2 unusual positive items, which were $0.34 from final determinations of prior year tax liabilities and $0.31 from a reduction in reorganization liabilities. Together, these 2 unusual items generated an additional $0.65, for a total year-over-year increase in earnings per share of $0.68 in the quarter. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding continue to be industry-leading in a difficult environment. They were 31 days, down slightly from 32 days last quarter and up from 29 days in Q2 last fiscal year. Free cash flow for the quarter was $544 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $634 million, net of property and equipment additions of $90 million. Lower free cash flow this year was driven primarily by a lower sequential decrease in DSOs from Q1 to Q2 compared with the same period last year. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at February 28 was $5.6 billion compared with $6.6 billion at August 31 last year. The current level reflects the cash returned to shareholders so far through repurchases and dividends, the U.S. pension contribution we funded last quarter and some acquisitions we've made this year. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 261,000 people, and we now have approximately 170,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q2, our utilization was 88%, consistent with Q1. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 11%, consistent with Q1 and down from 12% in Q2 last fiscal year. Lastly, we continue to expect that at least 50,000 people will join our company this year. Let me wrap up by commenting on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 8.8 million shares for $609 million at an average price of $69.43 per share. Year-to-date, we've purchased 12.1 million shares for approximately $830 million at an average price of $68.69 per share. At February 28, we had approximately $3.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Finally, earlier today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared our second semi-annual cash dividend in the amount of $0.81 per share. This dividend will be paid on May 15, 2013. This is in line with the semi-annual dividend of $0.81 per share we paid in November and represents a $0.135 or 20% increase over the dividend we paid in May last year. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you an update on some exciting things going on in our business, and then I'll finish up with our business outlook.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our highly diverse portfolio of business, combined with our industry expertise and broad technology capabilities, is positioning us very well to see the opportunities in the marketplace. Our clients continue to focus on large-scale transformation, and we are seeing strong demand for our services. This is evident in our excellent new bookings for the quarter as we are helping our clients try tangible and measurable value, particularly in this fast-changing technology environment. Our latest technology vision report identifies the trends that are having a big impact across different industries and explores how companies can use technology to improve business results. One of these trends is a convergence of social media, mobile computing, analytics and the cloud, which is transforming the way businesses operate. And this is driving demand for our services. In mobility, we recently helped a leading global pharmaceutical company move sales and service from traditional on-premise delivery channels to the cloud and on to mobile devices for its global sales team of more than 25,000 people. In analytics and mobility, we are helping a global industrial equipment company design and implement a telematics capability that will allow its customers to monitor their equipment in realtime. Equipment users can now immediately identify parts that need maintenance, which will reduce downtime and increase revenue growth for our client. And in cloud, we are creating efficiencies and cost savings for a large government agency by developing a private internal cloud for systems that process nearly $100 billion in transactions annually. Accenture's industry expertise continued to be a key differentiator. And we are driving growth with our unique end-to-end services, which combine our management consulting technology and business process outsourcing capabilities. In addition to providing market-leading services across more than 40 industries, we continue to prioritize our investments around specific industries where we see an opportunity for greater return. 3 of these industries where our focused approach is clearly paying off are insurance, banking and health, which contributed significantly to the strong performance of our Financial Services and Health & Public Service operating groups this quarter. In insurance, one of our key wins in the quarter, valued at more than $200 million, is to help a leading U.S. property and casualty insurer with a major transformation of its operating model. We are helping the client accelerate growth by reengineering sales across all product lines and channels through one of the largest salesforce.com implementations. In banking, we are using process automation to help a leading bank in Italy transform its accounts payable and procurement operations. We are using Accenture finance and risk management services to help migrate the client's legacy applications to SAP, streamlining invoice and payable processes and then running them on a managed-service basis. The goal is to deliver a sustained reduction in operational cost of as much as 25%. In health, a great example is Accenture Clinical Services and the work we are doing for Trinity Health, a leading operator of hospitals in the United States. We are helping Trinity leverage analytics to better coordinate and standardize patient care and improve patient outcomes. In addition to cost savings and safety improvements, Trinity is already realizing many important patient gains, including a reduction in patient mortality from sepsis of almost 20%. We continue to focus on our growth markets, which as you know, include our priority emerging markets as well as mature under-penetrated markets. I continue to be extremely pleased with the strong performance of our business in the United States. With double-digit growth, we are gaining market share, and we are benefited from our recent investments in mortgage processes, insurance and life sciences. And of course, we remain focused on operational efficiency to drive profitable growth while applying rigor and discipline across the board to increase our competitiveness and expand our margins through pricing, cost and productivity improvements. This gives us the capacity to reinvest in the business to expand our differentiation in the marketplace. The overall macroeconomic environment remains challenging, and there is still a considerable amount of uncertainty especially in Europe, Japan and, to some extent, Brazil. We continue to watch this very carefully and to assess any potential impact on our own business so we remain agile and flexible in the way we are deploying our investments around the world. That said, we continue to execute well, again, in our growth strategy, and we continue to focus on gaining market share. With that, I will turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year. Over to you, Pam.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. Now let me give you our update on how we expect to land fiscal year '13. As I mentioned in the last 2 quarters, we knew that revenue growth would be lower in the first half of fiscal '13, particularly in consulting. And overall, we are where we thought we'd be after the first half. With our strong bookings positioning us well for the future, we expect the growth will now start to gradually pick up. And as always, we remain focused on driving overall profitable growth in our broad-based global portfolio. Let's start with our outlook for the next quarter's revenue and then go through the elements of our annual outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal year '13, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.25 billion to $7.5 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 2.5% compared to the third quarter in fiscal '12. Turning to the full fiscal year '13. Based upon how the rates have been trending over the last few weeks, we assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to continue to be negative 1% for fiscal '13 compared to fiscal '12. First, net revenues. Based on how bookings have been converting to revenue this year, we now expect net revenue growth in local currency to land in the lower half of our previous range of 5% to 8%. Our new bookings, we continue to target to be in the range of $31 billion to $34 billion for the full fiscal year '13 and anticipate that they will trend toward the upper half of the range. We now expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 14.9% to 15% for fiscal '13. Excluding the impact of the reorganization benefit in Q2, we continue to expect the adjusted range to be 14.1% to 14.2%, a 20- to 30-basis-point expansion over fiscal '12. Tax rate. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 20%. Excluding the impact from the reorganization and final determination items in Q2, we continue to expect the adjusted range to be 26% to 27% for fiscal '13. EPS. We now expect GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $4.89 to $4.97. Excluding the impact from the Q2 reorganization and final determination items, we continue to expect the adjusted range to be $4.24 to $4.32 or 10% to 12% growth this fiscal year. Cash flow. For the full fiscal year, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, with property and equipment additions to be approximately $400 million. We continue to expect free cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. Finally, we remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '13, we continue to target a return of at least $3.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 2%. In conclusion, despite the fact that there continue to be mixed signals all over the global economy, we are staying focused on driving the revenue growth we need for the rest of this year. Before Pierre and I take your questions, there is one other thing I would like to update you on: I have made the decision to turn over the CFO reins to my successor in a few months, effective July 1, and to retire from Accenture at the end of the fiscal year to pursue some new things. It's been a great 34-year run for me, including almost 7 years as CFO. It's a good time for me to do this. This company continues to be well positioned for long-term financial success. My successor, whom Pierre will tell you about in a minute, is fully prepared and ready. The finance team that supports us is first class in every way. And for me, it just feels like it's time. It's that simple. And I'm grateful to have had the opportunity to work first with Bill and then with Pierre to share our outlook and how we are doing with all of you every quarter for the past 26. It's truly been a privilege to be CFO of this great company. And as I look back on my career, I know that it is the people of Accenture and the work we do for clients everyday that makes this company so special. Of course, I will continue to work closely with Pierre and with my successor, whom I know well and trust fully, to ensure a smooth transition. Pierre?
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks, Pam. And then just let me take this opportunity to thank you for your dedication, for the tremendous contribution you have made to Accenture growth and success. You've always been committed to doing the right thing for our people, for our company, for our clients and for our shareholders. And it has been a real pleasure for me to work with you, especially since becoming CEO. As Chief Financial Officer, you have built a world-class finance organization, and your focus on rigorous financial discipline has contributed to our strong performance over the years. Of course, a key part of this has been grooming your own successor. And I'm very pleased to announce that David Rowland, who has been a long-standing leader in our finance organization, will become our new CFO on July 1. David has decades of experience at Accenture and a deep understanding of our business. I have known David for many years, and I know that he is absolutely committed to ensuring that we continue to create value for our clients and our shareholders. I am confident that David will be an outstanding CFO. And in true Accenture style, we will have a smooth transition. With that, let's move to the Q&A. And Pam and I are ready to take your questions on the quarter and our outlook for the year.
KC McClure: Okay, thanks, Pierre. [Operator Instructions] Katie, would you provide instructions for those in the call?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Pam, congrats on the retirement. And thanks for everything, I -- definitely, we've enjoyed working with you. And congrats to David as well, on the new role. So let me start by asking -- obviously, the bookings were very, very solid. I think you said the bookings are going to track to the higher end against the revenue at the lower end. So is it safe to say that, the primary driver of moving revenue guidance to the low end, is it really just a slower consulting revenue conversion? Is there something else that we should consider there?
Pamela J. Craig: There really isn't. It is that simple, Tien-Tsin, in the sense that the consulting is just ramping more gradually. There's fewer of the smaller deals in there and that converts after, and that trend has continued even beyond where we thought it would. And so that -- and so we do need more bookings, actually. And so we are trending -- and we are indeed trending toward the upper end of the range.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. Now that's encouraging. So just as my follow-up, just a couple of small ones. Just can you help us with the book-to-bill trend? And as we sort of exit this fiscal year going into next, just the directionally, is there something different we should consider, especially in consulting? And then also, just in the second half, for consulting revenue, can we expect a return to positive growth in the third quarter and something higher in the fourth quarter given what you see today?
Pamela J. Craig: So first, on the book-to-bill. Just based on this complexion of the consulting revenue, we are -- we do believe we need to be higher in that range of 1.0 to 1.1 that we've talked about with you for years. So right now, we are looking, and it is, this quarter, 1.1. Of course, if this smaller, shorter-term stuff comes back into the mix in a greater proportion at some point, then it might move around in there, but it -- but you're right, at this point, that's what we see. In terms of the consulting revenue growth rate, I -- we really do think that we will eke out positive consulting growth in Q3 and that it will be, at least, low positive single digits. And that -- it -- trend would continue in Q4.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And Pam, I definitely wish you the best. Very impressive career at Accenture. And you've definitely put together a world-class finance organization. I'm sure everybody there will miss you, and I think that the Street will as well. So thanks again.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Rod.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Sure. And so a question here on the consulting outlook. It sounds like the small deals are still soft. And I'm wondering whether that is purely a function of softness in the market or if there are competitive dynamics that are playing an increased role in being able to win some of the smaller, less-transformational type consulting deals that are out there.
Pamela J. Craig: It does, Rod. To us, it is a market phenomenon. We see it primarily in Europe where we traditionally had, particularly in some operating groups like Financial Services, a lot of that kind of smaller consulting work. And so it's not that it's going down at this point, it's actually staying rather pretty stable. But just as a proportion of the bookings, it is smaller. And we do see it primarily as a market phenomenon more, that clients just don't sort of gravitate to that stuff as much as other things.
Pierre Nanterme: And just to add a color on this. I mean, indeed, just the volume is remaining, for Accenture, stable, and so it's just the proportion we see changing. But we are starting to be encouraged by the healthy pipeline for this type of opportunities. So we're starting to see some things happening. So again, volume stable proportionally with the lower -- it's not shrinking at all, and the pipeline is showing some good signs.
Pamela J. Craig: Particularly in management consulting.
Pierre Nanterme: Correct.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: All right, great. We've had a lull in management consulting, so it's good to see that looking up. So on the bookings side, given the strong bookings in the February quarter, I should ask if duration rose meaningfully on a year-over-year or quarter-to-quarter basis and if you could answer the duration question for both the consulting segment and the outsourcing segment. And then I've got a quick question about the May quarter bookings outlook.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, the duration has stayed pretty stable, Rod, in the sense we were sort of looking at all those metrics: aging, velocity, et cetera. And it's all pretty stable.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. So you had a very strong August quarter 2012 bookings, you had some softness in November because you were seemingly replenishing the pipeline. And then it looks like that pipeline replenishment paid off in February with the stronger bookings. How do we think about the May quarter? Is it -- is the May quarter another quarter of pipeline replenishment? Or are you still seeing deals ripe to be signed with another strong May quarter on the horizon here?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, we do have the pipeline replenishment, and that's been going well during this month. And so I mean, if I just wanted to give you just some sense, I think the bookings will be higher than they were in Q1 and not as great as they were in Q2.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Pam, also, I just want to extend my congratulations and wish you the best. Thanks for everything.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Listen, just want to jump in on the geographic mix. I mean, we saw some weakness in Europe. It looked like Asia was a little bit slower as well. Is there anything we should read into any sort of transition on the segment there or the geographic segment, if it's just really more on the same? Is it timing or anything we should focus on, any weakness developing in that region we should be worried about?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, Asia Pacific, as you know, is a big place. And there's a lot of different things, and I'm going to let Pierre give a little color, but let me just give you some numbers stuff and then do that. But so we have countries that were clearly trying to develop, like China that has a high growth rate, places like India, et cetera, which where the growth is good. Then we have the more mature markets, like Japan, where we did see some isolated decline, which was in CMT, this quarter. And -- but it -- so we have a decent-sized business there, so it had an impact. And then there's places like Australia, which had just phenomenal growth recently, and we do see that coming a little off. So it's sort of the mix yield, next to something, that it is low positive, it's 2%, but I mean, I think, in terms of the positioning for the future, it's shaping up nicely. But let me let Pierre give you some color.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. Just to add on this, I mean, first, we continue to be extremely pleased with what we see in the U.S., and that's very important for Accenture. As you know, United States is our single largest market, so that's very good for us. In Europe, I mean, Europe, you all know the complexity of the macroeconomic environment, and I think we are holding our own quite well. And we have several of our large markets even growing in Q2 in Europe. When you look at APAC, it's a collection of different markets. And indeed, Pam said it very well, we had some very specific situation, I would say, in Japan. And we have this Australian compare as well. But overall, just to add a color on this, we had record bookings this quarter in Asia Pacific, and we maintain a healthy pipeline. So I think -- directionally, I think our geographies are moving in the right direction, of course, with a different pace, reflecting some different, specific situations here and there.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right, that's helpful. So it sounds like it's sort of similar also on timing to where the booking is being strong, but it should catch up also on revenue a little later on.
Pamela J. Craig: That's right, Darrin.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. Then just one quick follow-up. Now on the outsourcing side, I guess there's been a few quarters of deceleration on growth on outsourcing, but it also seems like there's a bit of a shift in terms of consulting obviously being the longer term and as we talked about earlier in Tien-Tsin's question as where the book-to-bill. Are some of the contracts that you used to think will be in outsourcing sort of shifting gears? Are you just positioning them into the consulting side? Or are clients actually moving more elements into more discretionary or more development-type work that are -- that would now be considered something more -- will have more elements of consulting than they used to that previously would have been in the outsourcing area?
Pamela J. Craig: No, I mean, if anything, outsourcing continues to be strong. And it's had 10 quarters or so of double-digit growth. And I mean, we do see that moderating a little bit, but the pipeline is very strong and healthy. And certainly, outsourcing, as a business and an area of demand, continues to evolve very nicely, I mean, what's happening in IT services as it evolves to more managed services. And just the potential and -- in BPO is very strong. We've made some acquisitions there, et cetera. So we feel really good about the outsourcing business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify the guidance for revenue at the lower end of the range. And I guess, let me ask it a different way. What -- is there anything that's actually changed over the last 3 months? Or is it such that nothing's actually changed and the market continues to be soft and you expect it to pick up?
Pamela J. Craig: Sorry. Just ask that one more time, Bryan. I just want to make sure I understand your nuance here.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I just -- I'm curious to know what changed, if you look at it from the last 3 months since you last guided. And maybe nothing changed, the environment remains pretty much the same in consulting and you didn't see the pickup in the revenue or don't expect a pickup in revenue anymore because the market isn't better. I'm just trying to figure out the slight nuance of the lower revenue growth in consulting, what's really causing that or what's different from what you expected originally.
Pamela J. Craig: I think, in terms of what we expected 6 months ago, we did expect that we would turn to growth in the second half in consulting faster than we are. So it's just a little more gradual. And I would say it's similar to how we felt 3 months ago.
Pierre Nanterme: No, I would just confirm: I do not see any change, so let me be clear with that, in any pattern. It's just, indeed, we continue to see the conversion of consulting booking to revenue at a slower rate, something, as Pam mentioned, began about a year ago. We, to some extent, have some expectation that we had an anniversary with -- in this Q2 quarter. And this trend of conversion at a slower rate is continuing, and therefore, it's impacting our revenue growth short term. So what we see is just a more gradual trajectory that we do not see any structural change on anything.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then Pierre, are we seeing an inflection point yet or a bigger appetite for the market to move more to cloud services?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, this trend, I mean, continues, I would say, nicely. Again, I do not see anything I would qualify as dramatic. I'm very pleased with our performance in term of cloud, but I would add mobility as well, everything going digital. All of these is moving at a good pace, is driving a significant growth in those areas for Accenture. Now I do not see a kind of dramatic point of inflection, if you will. I think this market is picking up. It still early days. I think there is more to come in those different businesses in the coming decade. And it's just moving nicely.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then lastly, Pam, can I still call you in retirement and ask you about the FX movements and the impact to the numbers? I'm just kidding Congratulations.
Pamela J. Craig: Absolutely, Bryan. Thank you very much. And also, I just want to point out one thing that -- I sort of got passed a note here, as we were sitting here. It's just in terms of we did point towards the lower half of the guidance in the 5% to 8%. And that really is just because, at this point in time, as we look forward, it just is more clear that it's going to be in the lower half.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Pam, since we have one last chance, can we get your initial view on fiscal '14 right now? No chance?
Pamela J. Craig: There we go. We knew there would be one of you. And if we had taken bets on who it would have been, it probably -- you would have popped at the top of the list, Julio.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All right. Oh, congratulations [indiscernible]. It's definitely hard to see you leave, but we're looking forward to working with David as well. I guess, just real quickly, I mean, I think most of the questions have been asked around sort of triangulating between bookings and the lower-end number. I guess, maybe just from the way that we think about the model, more bottom-up. If you think about the headcount growth, you -- I think you did say the 50,000 was still in-line, which I guess would suggest, in the back half of the year, you would have to have a pretty big ramp in headcount. Any particular drivers there in terms of where you would expect to see that headcount growth continue to come from?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's primarily the Global Delivery Network. And as you know, from the growth that we're seeing there, it's that this has really become a sort of an incredibly diverse group of people around the world that not only do IT and -- but really, we have doctors, we have nurses, we have people doing very sophisticated analytics. So this is -- really, our focus in delivery is really building up that network and then being -- having the right size of workforces locally to combine in with that. So the strategy is the same, but you're going to see more growth in the GDN.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the SI component of the GDN, I know, about a year ago or so when you guys laid out some plans for SI growth on the GDN side, how far along are we there? Is that going to continue its pace as well?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, it's going along as planned.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, just more thematically, one of the sort of, I guess, questions that we typically get around the growth of SaaS, the growth of cloud -- and theoretically, this, coupled with more offshore growth in global delivery, should be having, I guess, a negative effect in the overall size of bookings and bookings awards. But in fact, when you look at the bookings results that you guys are putting together, the numbers are coming in much, much higher but we're not getting it converted as fast. I'm just trying to draw some -- sort of some cross-links between more global delivery and maybe more sort of SaaS- and cloud-based work? I mean, is that stuff just -- does -- is it smaller overall but there could be more duration? I'm just trying to find sort of a link between this concern that this new work is just not going to add as much revenue, but the bookings don't seem to tell that story.
Pierre Nanterme: You're absolutely correct. And I would just like to refer that's why we're very pleased to announce this -- one of our major win this quarter with this leading U.S. property and casualty insurer, more than $200 million, which is going to be one of the largest salesforce.com implementations. So I think that's what that is. We are transforming sales operation. We're not only implementing Software as a Service. And so indeed, even if the strict SI implementation of the Software as a Service might have an impact on the effort overall. As reflected with that illustration, the overall effort to do a salesforce transformation or a sales transformation, even based on salesforce.com, is still representing a significant transformational investment, including SI. So I think that's a good illustration to your question.
Pamela J. Craig: And just as Paul -- and I mean, that's just a great example, right? And as Paul Daugherty, on -- in October, pointed out, it's that, this kind of new work implementing the new technologies, is -- we do see those kinds of projects, at least this large over time, but they are installed a little differently, right? They don't necessarily have these big, giant development ramp-ups and then ramp-down. It's a little more gradual. So I think it sort of plays into this whole trend as well.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Congratulations, Pam.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Thank you, Julio.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The $9 billion in bookings was about $1 billion above what most analysts modeled. So can you talk about whether that was also above your internal expectations and, given the size of upside, talk about some of the areas of strengths whether it be project types or geographies?
Pierre Nanterme: We always have high expectations. So we're extremely pleased with $9 billion, but we're never complacent. So I'm extremely pleased, but I'm not complacent. I mean, we need to drive the business for profitable growth, and this is what we are doing. And it's all starting with bookings. The bookings are our revenues for the future. We're building contracting revenues, what we used, in the past, to call backlog. And but when you look at the areas of strengths, as we mentioned, definitely, I would say that's been the quarter of Financial Services. I'm -- I don't want to always mention my prior operating group, but it was indeed quite of a high mark this quarter around Financial Services, banking, insurance. I mentioned one of our largest sales. But what is interesting is what Pam mentioned: 14 sales over $100 million across all 5 operating groups. So indeed, we can mention Financial Services, they're going to be pleased this quarter. But I think, across the board, we're pleased to refer to -- health's continued to do extremely well. We're very strong in Products from a booking standpoint. So that would be maybe the 3 operating groups I would describe. And then the good bookings in consulting. But this -- those -- these 14 sales over $100 million across the 5 is probably, for me, a great source of satisfaction.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Good. And then as a follow-up: You mentioned several times throughout the call the slower conversion of consulting revenue, and that's been a topic for couple of quarters. Can you talk a little bit more about why this is occurring? Clearly, the [indiscernible] have decided to harness an opportunity. They've signed a deal, they're moving forward, but they're clearly moving through the stages of these transactions or projects slower than expected. Can you talk about why that's happening?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Katy, let's just break it down a little bit. First of all, I think that it -- there's this -- in the bookings every quarter and the consulting bookings every quarter, there's a mix of things. And so the first thing that's impacting it is in the mix of how the overall set of bookings converts to revenue. When you have less of the lower -- of the smaller stuff that converts fast, then that just works the average, right? And so that's pull it -- and so the higher volume of the bigger and longer stuff is pulling that average up. And then I think, in terms of that work, we do see and -- that things are being arranged not as these sort of giant consulting projects but more in phases and more chunks. And so that, too, I think, just influences how the stuff then bleeds into revenues. So they're the same size, but it's just that buying patterns are overall a slight -- continuing to evolve, and we see that in our portfolio of bookings.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so there's a mix shift in duration, and then with the separate phases of contracts, I guess it's a little more difficult to forecast. Is that right?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: But on the other hand, it's giving us more visibility. So that's an interesting situation where, indeed, this longer duration, which as well is linked to the nature of the programs, which are more transformational by nature. So you need to put transformation with time. There is no transformation you can drive in the short term. That requires some times. So we've seen the duration, which I think is more linked structurally to the nature of the business, which from that direction is good. And it's definitely given us more visibility in our business and more backlog moving forward. So we need to get through this transition, if you will, in term of pace of short-term growth. And as I mentioned, we'll -- in the back end of the year, we expect to see consulting growth in the single digit, as mentioned by Pam.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Congrats on the retirement, Pam.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Katy.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Pam, let me add my congratulations as well, and all the best for the future. And David, welcome. So in the risk of flogging a dead horse here, I just want to go back one more time to the small versus large contracts and the dichotomy there. Could you provide us some idea of maybe how important are small versus large in terms of magnitude, in terms of the contracts? Is it 15% of the total, 20% of the total? Is there any particular focus on specific verticals? And I think, competitively, as well the question was asked before, is it -- that, in the large contracts, you maybe see more of IBM, but in the smaller ones, you might see the Indian guys. Any information there?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I'll comment on the -- you say, what industries. I mean, it is in Europe. And historically, some of our businesses did have higher proportions of these in their mix of bookings. And particularly in Europe, and I mentioned Financial Services, they had a high proportion of those. So there is some of that. And again, when you think about the transformation that's happening in Europe, in banking and that sort of thing, this all just makes sense in terms that those buying patterns would change. So I can at least give you that much. I mean, we're not -- we don't give out the numbers in terms of how these things proportionally. But just as a proportion of the total bookings, they're stable, but our lower-proportion because bookings are up.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. And with regards to EMEA, you're -- which countries in EMEA? Is it the, let's say, the normal suspects? I guess, Benelux, weak for a while; and maybe France weakening here. Are those the countries that Pierre sort of mentioned as weak?
Pierre Nanterme: I -- so as you're mentioning France, I'm almost taking that as a personal attack, so I have to respond, of course, on this. And I'm extremely pleased, delighted, to communicate that France is back with some growth in Q2. But more seriously, indeed, when you consider the overall macroeconomic situation in Europe, and we all know, I mean, the challenges in term of economic recession, in most of the part, plus all the Cyprus and other things happening almost everyday, it's very encouraging for us to see that countries such as Germany -- and I'm going to mention the kind of big one, big practices: Germany, The Netherlands, Italy, France, Spain...
Pamela J. Craig: Spain did not, but all the other...
Pierre Nanterme: Spain did not. France -- Germany, Italy and France.
Pamela J. Craig: Switzerland, Ireland, South Africa, yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Switzerland, Ireland, South Africa is a little bit more than Europe, but -- EMEA, anyway, are indeed growing. And if you put that in the context of the overall macroeconomic environment in Europe, I think that's a good signal.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Congratulations, Pam.
Pamela J. Craig: Thanks, David.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just shifting gears. If you could give us some insight into pricing across your range of services and maybe drill down into consulting and outsourcing and then contrast that to the wage increases you're paying in your major practices.
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, overall, pricing is stable -- I might say, maybe -- I will say, stable plus. I mean, you will characterize the plus, but I think it's slightly more than stable. But overall, it's stable. We used to say, with pockets of pricing power, if you will. But I'm feeling comfortable with our pricing situation, and I would characterize into pricing plus. I don't know whether we can give more details, Pam on...
Pamela J. Craig: No, I mean, that's exactly right. I mean, when you look at the contract margins that are up, particularly in outsourcing, as it was reflected in our gross margin, I mean, part of that is pricing, right, that we're able to get that. Now we don't -- I mean, it's -- we're characterizing it as stable overall because, as you can imagine, across this giant business of all these things, it's -- there are some puts and takes. But I think stable plus is a good way to characterize it.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: You mentioned contract margins were up in outsourcing, but you didn't specifically address consulting. Can you provide some insights into that business?
Pamela J. Craig: They were up as well but just not as much, yes. So it's a little more marginal. It just wasn't -- but they were certainly not down.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just finally, on wage trends across the business.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, as you know, we put in our salary increases primarily September 1. And we do adjust those during the year if we need to, but we're just starting the planning, actually, for what we'll be doing next year.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. But if you reflect on what we did that year, I think we did a good job in setting the wages at the right place; in absorbing reasonably rapidly in Q1, in the first half of the year, as reflected as well in the margins. So it's what we continue to have, Pam and I, what we call rigor and discipline. I'm called Mr. R&D in Accenture. I would expect that would be Mr. Research and Development, but it's more resources, more rigor and discipline. But I think we are -- we know how to manage our cost. And it's very important: In such a competitive environment, we need to be competitive. So we will never give up in our competitiveness, and we will continue to invest in our differentiation. Thanks a lot, David. And thanks, all of you, for joining us on the call today. Now as you heard, this call today was somewhat special for Accenture, but it will be an special for me as well, with Pam announcement. Now coming back to the business, and in closing, I'm pleased overall with where we are. And as we said, at a time where economic volatility and uncertainty are still prevalent, we continue to manage our business with a permanent focus on driving profitable growth. We are leveraging our global footprint and our unique end-to-end transformational capabilities to provide highly relevant business solutions to our clients. We are investing in our future, and we remain totally committed to delivering value for our clients and shareholders. And finally, with 261,000 highly qualified and highly dedicated men and women around the world, frankly, I feel confident in the ability of Accenture to continue to win in the marketplace. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. And in the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today through June 28 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 282767. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-12-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and then we'll take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factor section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures where appropriate to GAAP, in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the first quarter, which were in line with our expectations and demonstrate that we continue to deliver value to our clients and to run our business with discipline. This is enabling us to drive profitable growth despite a continued volatile economic environment. Here are a few highlights. We delivered solid new bookings of $7.5 billion. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 5% in local currency. We are particularly pleased with our double-digit revenue growth in outsourcing, up 13%. Earnings per share were $1.06, up 10%. We expanded operating margin more than 60 basis points to 14.5%. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.7 billion. And we continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and payment of a semiannual cash dividend of $0.81 per share, a 20% increase over our prior dividend. So we are off to a good start in fiscal year '13 and are raising our outlook for both EPS and operating margin for the full year. Now I'll hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. Happy holidays, and thank you all for joining us today. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's fiscal '13 first quarter financial results, which as Pierre just mentioned, are starting us off well for the year. Overall, our growth in revenues was driven by double-digit growth, both in outsourcing and geographically in the Americas. We also achieved double-digit growth in our earnings per share as we continue to drive our business with a strong focus on profitable growth. Now let's get to the numbers for the first quarter. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $7.5 billion and reflected a negative 2% foreign exchange impact compared with the new bookings in the first quarter last year. This was what we expected after Q4 bookings of $9.2 billion, and we have replenished our opportunity pipeline to be well positioned for bookings in future quarters. Consulting bookings were $4.2 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.3 billion. Let me give you some bookings details, starting with consulting. In management consulting, bookings were lower this quarter, particularly in Europe and Asia Pacific but were up in the United States. Business demand continues to be strongest in operations, customer relationship management and talent and organization. Technology bookings were up and reflected continued strong demand from our clients looking to capture greater business value from IT. We saw a number of transformational projects this quarter in workplace enablement, desktop transformation and data center consolidations, as well as projects in infrastructure consulting, IT strategy and security. System integration bookings are holding their own from a book-to-bill perspective and reflect continued demand to modernize and upgrade core ERP, as well as more demand for industry-specific systems across the major platforms. Emerging technologies continue to gain momentum as we are helping clients integrate Software-as-a-Service/cloud, mobility and digital interactive solutions. Turning to outsourcing. Our bookings in technology outsourcing were down a bit after our strong fourth quarter bookings, yet reflect good demand across our operating groups and geographically across the Americas, Asia Pacific and parts of Europe and Africa. Our clients are seeking immediate cost savings and reliable performance in addition to flexibility and talent at scale to meet their dynamic IT needs from legacy to emerging and to help them transform their operations to drive more competitive levels of IT and business performance. BPO bookings in Q1 were lumpy compared to the record level of Q4. They reflect continued demand for our cross-industry offerings, especially finance and accounting, as well as procurement and for our industry-specific solutions in resources, products and financial services. Finally, we had bookings of over $100 million at 7 clients, with all 5 operating groups represented. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the first quarter were $7.22 billion, an increase of 2% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency over the same period last year. Pretty close to the outlook of negative 3% FX we provided last quarter, these revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 3.4% compared with Q1 last year and were in the middle of our guided range of $7.1 billion to $7.35 billion. Consulting revenues were $3.96 billion, down 3% in U.S. dollars and flat in local currency. We had single-digit local currency growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific, and we're down modestly in local currency in EMEA. We are experiencing changes in consulting demand patterns, and we see variability across our broad footprint by geography, industry and type of consulting work. We continue to see an increase in large transformation consulting projects, which are converting to revenue at a slower pace. In addition, we've seen a near-term decline in small and medium-sized consulting projects, particularly in EMEA. These patterns, net-net, have resulted in flat consulting revenue growth this quarter, and we expect this to continue through next quarter. Outsourcing revenues were $3.26 billion, an increase of 9% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. We saw a strong double-digit growth in local currency in the Americas and Asia Pacific and single-digit growth in local currency in EMEA. And let me give you some highlights of our revenue growth in the operating groups. Health & Public Service revenues increased 13% in local currency, reflecting very strong growth in Health again this quarter, with strengths in both consulting and outsourcing and across the 3 geographic regions. Our investments in Health continue to pay off in market tick-up. We had good demand in Public Service this quarter, driven by very significant growth in Asia Pacific and growth in the Americas. Key drivers were our human services and operations and management offerings. Financial Services revenues increased 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected significant growth, driven primarily in the Americas across all industry groups, particularly in Credit Services where we made an acquisition last year, and in insurance. Consulting revenues grew slightly, driven by capital markets and insurance, and this growth was partially offset by a slight consulting decline in banking. The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of 5%, driven by very strong growth in outsourcing globally in both technology and BPO. From an industry perspective, overall revenue growth was led by retail and life sciences in all regions. Revenue in consumer goods declined as we are going through a cycle of near completion on large-scale ERP work at a few large clients. The Americas grew double digits, with EMEA and APAC flat year-over-year, as strong outsourcing growth was offset by a decline in consulting for those 2 regions. Resources revenues grew 3% in local currency, with outsourcing growth, particularly in energy, reflecting client demand to reduce ongoing support costs while increasing flexibility to meet operational priorities. In consulting, revenue was flat as growth in chemicals, driven by ERP work, was offset by declines in utilities and natural resources. Some clients, primarily in utilities and natural resources, have lowered their spend, a trend we expect to continue in the near term. Communications, Media & Technology revenues decreased 1% in local currency. Outsourcing continued to grow, driven by our clients' focus on improving the efficiency of operations. CMT's consulting revenue declined in all 3 regions. This was most pronounced in EMEA and in Communications globally where the trend of certain clients deferring investments in core capabilities for traditional markets continued. There was significant Consulting growth in high tech in the Americas as clients increase their focus on building and improving systems for managing customer relationships. In the emerging markets, there is renewed system integration activity to build core capabilities on new platforms. In summary, the revenue we delivered in Q1 was right in line with our expectations overall, a very good result. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 32.8% compared with 31.8% for the same period last year, a 100-basis-point increase. This result reflected improved contract profitability, primarily in outsourcing, and net lower noncontract costs. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was $868 million or 12% of net revenues compared with $837 million or 11.8% of net revenues for the first quarter last year. This quarter's results reflected higher business development costs to replenish our sales pipeline after our record Q4 bookings. General and administrative expense was $449 million or 6.2% of net revenues compared with $433 million or 6.1% of net revenues for the first quarter last year, a 10-basis-point increase. Operating income was $1.05 billion in the first quarter, reflecting a 14.5% operating margin. This compares with $981 million or 13.9% operating margin in the first quarter last year, a year-over-year expansion of more than 60 basis points -- 66 basis points to be precise. This quarter, we were particularly pleased with our contract profitability, as I just mentioned, and also with our management of costs overall. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.8% compared with 28.3% for the first quarter last year as this year's Q1 rate included higher benefits related to final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities. Net income was $766 million for the first quarter compared with $712 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 8%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.06 compared with $0.96 in the first quarter last year. The $0.10 increase is made up of a $0.07 increase from higher revenue and operating result, a $0.02 increase from a lower effective tax rate and a $0.02 increase from a lower share count, partially offset by a $0.01 decrease from lower nonoperating income. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding were 32 days, up from the low of 27 days last quarter and consistent with Q1 last fiscal year. Free cash flow for the quarter was negative $195 million rounded, resulting from cash used by operating activities of $109 million, plus property and equipment additions of $87 million. Both operating cash flow and free cash flow this quarter included the expected discretionary cash contribution of $500 million made to our U.S. defined benefit pension plan, which had a net impact on free cash flow in the quarter of $350 million after tax. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at November 30 was $5.7 billion. It compares with $6.6 billion at August 31 last year. We funded the pension payment as mentioned and the semiannual dividend, as well as some acquisitions in the quarter. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with a global headcount of about 259,000 people, and we now have approximately 167,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q1, our utilization was 88%, up from 87% in Q4. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 11% compared with 12% both in Q4 and in Q1 last fiscal year. Lastly, we expect that at least 50,000 people will join our company in fiscal '13. Attrition is down at this point, and overall hiring reflects the continued balancing of supply and demand as our business builds. Before I turn things back to Pierre, I'll comment on our ongoing objectives to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the first quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 3 million shares for $221 million at an average price of $66.74 per share. At November 30, we had approximately $4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semiannual cash dividend of $0.81 per share for a total of $560 million. This represented a $0.135 or a 20% increase over the dividend we paid in May. With Q1 behind us, we've entered Q2 with solid results and strong profitability. We are pleased with our ability to deliver consistent results in what continues to be a challenging economic environment for our clients around the world. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you an update on some exciting things going on in our business, and then I'll finish up with our business outlook.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our Q1 results reflect the continued focused execution of our world strategy, which as we shared with you at our Investor & Analyst Conference in October, is all about differentiation and competitiveness. And at a time where the macroeconomic environment is still quite volatile, we are particularly pleased with our continued ability to drive profitable growth. Our focus on operating margin expansion reflects our commitment to running the business with discipline to enhance our competitiveness. And over the years, we have developed and nurtured this mindset across the company. At the same time, we remain focused on generating growth, winning the right business for Accenture and leveraging the latest industry and technology trends to provide differentiated services that create tangible business outcomes for clients. In particular, we continue to make excellent progress with our strategic initiatives in fast-growing areas such as Analytics, Mobility and Digital Marketing. Increasingly, chief marketing officers are becoming key buyers of our services, and we are making strategic investments in Digital Marketing to enhance Accenture Interactive to better serve them. In Q1, we expanded our Digital Marketing capabilities with the acquisition of avVenta Worldwide, a provider of digital production services. Accenture Interactive now includes an end-to-end solution that enables CMOs to manage content from its initial creation all the way through to distribution. Accenture Interactive was key to a recent win at a leading consumer goods client where we're helping transform the shopping experience for customers with a new e-commerce platform that will integrate online and offline channels across 41 countries. And we are combining our capabilities in Digital, Analytics and Mobility to help Verizon Wireless launch a new strategic initiative called Precision Market Insights, which is designed to deliver targeted business intelligence to retailers and other enterprises that want to expand the reach and precision of their marketing efforts. Our clients continue to turn to Accenture for our technology expertise, including the capabilities we have built on the Microsoft platform. We are helping a global financial institution migrate more than 300,000 Microsoft desktops, modernizing its IT infrastructure and reducing its application portfolio to increase efficiency. We will deliver this project with Avanade, our majority-owned joint venture with Microsoft, using proprietary assets to reduce migration time and costs. Avanade is important to our strategy of playing a leading role in the technology ecosystem, and we continue to invest in the company. The recently announced acquisition of Azaleos Corporation will enhance Avanade's capability to provide remotely managed services for Microsoft Exchange, SharePoint and Lync. Our clients continue to invest to transform their businesses, and we are bringing together the best of Accenture for them, combining our industry expertise with our management consulting, technology and business process outsourcing capabilities. We are working with a leading European telecommunications client on one of the world's largest ERP implementations, creating a global shared services organization to standardize business processes with the goal of eventually delivering 80% of transactions through mobile devices. We are helping global Spanish bank BBVA with a landmark technology system upgrade in the U.S. Combining our core banking services with our Alnova software, we are helping implement a new system across more than 700 branches in 7 states. And just this morning, we announced that we have expanded our BPO agreement with Unilever to provide HR services for more than 130,000 employees across 100 countries. Geographic expansion remains a key focus for us, and we continue to invest in priority emerging markets, as well as mature underpenetrated markets. In our priority emerging markets, revenues in Q1 continued to grow at a faster rate than Accenture overall. Our business in China, one of our key priority emerging markets, is performing very well. And we're off to a good start with double-digit growth in Q1. I was in China 3 weeks ago where I had the opportunity to open the new Accenture Innovation Center for Financial Services in Beijing. This center, combined with our new technology lab, which is also in Beijing, give us a great environment to engage with clients, to explore industry and technology innovation. And our business in the Americas is also off to a good start with 10% revenue growth in Q1 led by the United States and Brazil. In summary, I remain confident that in this fast-changing environment, we are executing the right strategy, a strategy that is clearly aligned with the transformation needs of our clients. We continue to see strong demand for our services, and our highly diverse portfolio of business, combined with our industry expertise and broad technology capabilities, positions us very well to seize the opportunities we see in the marketplace. With that, I will turn it back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for Q2 and the full fiscal year.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. Now let me give you our update on how our fiscal year '13 is shaping up. We continue to expect the growth rate in outsourcing to be higher than in consulting this year with consulting ramping up in the second half. As you and we expect of us, we remain focused and disciplined about driving our business for profitable growth. So let's start with our outlook for the next quarter's revenue and then go through the elements of our annual outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal '13, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.9 billion to $7.15 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 1% compared to the second quarter in fiscal '12. Turning to the full fiscal year. Our assumption for foreign exchange is unchanged. Based upon how the rates have been trending over the last couple of weeks, we assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to continue to be negative 1% for fiscal '13 compared to fiscal '12. We will update you on our assumption for the full year foreign exchange impact each quarter. First, revenue. For the full fiscal year, we continue to expect Accenture's net revenue to grow in the range of 5% to 8% in local currency over fiscal '12. Although we expect to be close to the bottom of the range for the first half of the fiscal year, we also expect that year-over-year growth will pick up in the second half based on the revenue we have contracted and the strength of our opportunity pipeline. New bookings, we continue to target to be in the range of $31 billion to $34 billion for the full year fiscal '13. As you know, our bookings can be lumpy from quarter to quarter, and we do expect our bookings in Q2 to be higher than they were in Q1. We now expect operating margin to be in the range of 14.1% to 14.2% for fiscal '13. This is a 10-basis-point increase from our outlook of last quarter and a 20 to 30-basis-point expansion over fiscal '12. We are proactively balancing profitability with making necessary investments to position our business for the future. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, as we've seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. As I mentioned in Q4, this tax rate range reflects some final determinations, and there may be more that will materialize during the year. For earnings per share, we are raising our outlook and now expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '13 to be in the range of $4.24 to $4.32 or 10% to 12-plus percent growth. The change primarily reflects our expected additional operating margin expansion. Now let's turn to cash flow. For the full fiscal year, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, property and equipment additions to be $420 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. We remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '13, we continue to target a return of at least $3.3 billion through dividends and share repurchases. I continue to be very proud of our Accenture leaders and all of our people around the globe as they're working very hard to conduct and drive our business in a way that delivers value to our clients, to our company and to our shareholders. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. [Operator Instructions] Tom, would you provide instructions for those on the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois representing Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So just a couple of questions on the revenue growth front. Is there a common theme on what's causing the added demand weakness on small and medium-sized consulting deals? And are you seeing any signs that those trends might change when calendar '13 budgets are finalized, either change for the better or even maybe on the risk side, they can change for the worse? I mean, I'm just wondering what you're reading in the budget finalization process and how you're incorporating that into your guidance given that it seems the challenge has been on the small consulting deals that sometimes, I think, are more difficult to predict.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, Rod, I mean, I think first of all, it is more in EMEA that we see it and not in all patches. And you're right, it is the harder stuff to predict in a way because it comes in and typically converts to revenue during the quarter or fairly quickly. So we don't see it getting worse. We do see this trending up through the year, and we do see a good pipeline for small and medium-sized consulting projects, as well as the larger, longer, more transformational ones.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And so it sounds like you have some confidence based on what you're seeing in the pipeline, and in the revenues, you already have under contract, that you have some confidence that your constant currency year-over-year revenue growth will accelerate in the second half of the year. Can you just comment on what some of the main underlying factors are that give you that confidence? I mean, which areas of the business are going to drive the reacceleration? That would be helpful if you can give some more specifics on that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, Rod, this is Pierre here. And indeed, we are confident that in the other part of the year, our revenue will ramp up. And what's making us confident, a couple of things. I mean, first, we're building the pipeline. We continue to build the pipeline, both in consulting and outsourcing. And second, we have the contracted revenue creating the visibility for us and making us confident that in the second part of the year, we will have the expected growth as we are confirming here. Some of the highlight, if you will, we continue to see strong demand in old and new technologies. And I mentioned Digital Marketing, Cloud, Software-as-a-Service, also old Mobility. All those new technologies continue to drive strong demand. Of course, we continue to see very healthy demand in all those related to outsourcing and BPO. And as well from an industry standpoint, we had a pretty good news in Q1 regarding our HPS and Financial Services verticals. So we have facts making us confident that indeed we should deliver against what we've planned.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then just one final clarification there. I mean, the revenue growth in constant currency being at 5%, I mean, I think that's a little bit disappointing on The Street. People were expecting that you'd be more in the middle of that range in the first half of the year. Is the softness in revenue growth in the first half more a function of your large deals ramping slower than you might have expected? Or is it more a function of small consulting deals just not coming in at a fast enough clip to allow you to be higher in that revenue growth guidance range?
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, it's primarily the former, but there is some impact of the latter, too, as I mentioned in my comments. And just by the way, when we put together our plan last summer, this is exactly what we expected in terms of the first half, is that it would be lower in the -- lower growth in the second half.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of the Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to ask first about Asia. It looks like it slowed a little bit relative to the other regions. Anything unusual there to call out? Did it perform versus plan, specifically in Asia?
Pierre Nanterme: No. Again, I mean, we're pleased with where we are in Asia with our growth of 8%. If you look at where we are, we have some good result in some very important countries for us. I'm thinking about China. I'm thinking about South Africa. I'm thinking about India as well. So we continue to make some good steps in Asia, and again, we are where we want to be.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, Asia's now -- Asia Pac is now 15% of our business, and as you know, we've had very strong growth over the last couple of years. Frankly, and looking at this, we still had good high single-digit growth in the kind of the anchor markets: Japan, Australia, Singapore. And as Pierre just mentioned, very strong growth in China and India. So overall, we are pleased with these results even though this growth has moderated from the very high levels over the last couple of years.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, it was good growth. I was just surprised to see it coming a little below the Americas. That's all. That's helpful to hear. Just as my follow-up, just, Pam, on the buybacks, I guess that's also running a little bit below trend. Anything to read into on the buybacks? Or was that just a function of timing with the pension contribution?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, it's early in the year. And 3 months ago, we did see more uncertainty in the broader market. And as we sit here today, we're committed to return the $3.3 billion and to ramp up the repurchases in the latter part of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the consulting business. You talked about weakness in Europe. Did you see weakness in the U.S. around the fiscal cliff uncertainty that would maybe start to get pushed through assuming we get a resolution here in the near future?
Pierre Nanterme: I will leave that to Pam, especially the U.S.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we'll let you do France, Pierre. So in the U.S., we haven't seen a lot of impact from the fiscal cliff. I mean, we've assumed, Katy, that the executive and legislative branches of our government will reach an agreement, and our guidance was based on the fact that positive growth will continue in the United States.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Pam, I think you've talked about in recent quarters sole-sourced win rate in the 60% range, which is above the historical average, clearly a sign that you can continue to take share. But when you compare your guidance of 5% to 8% growth, it's only slightly ahead of the 5% growth rate for the market. Is that just conservatism? Or do you have less confidence in the market growth or your ability to take share this fiscal year?
Pamela J. Craig: Well sometimes, it's just sort of how the timing works. And I think that this pattern in consulting that we've seen of these bigger, longer deals that are converting to revenues slower, that, that timing is impacting our growth rate, particularly in the first half of this fiscal year.
Kathryn L. Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the sole-sourced win rate is still up in the 60% range?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, yes, it is.
Pierre Nanterme: And we believe that with 5% to 8%, we will indeed gain market share.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess my first question is on the pipeline. You talked about replenishing the pipeline. Can you comment on how that effort is progressing and the types of contracts that you're seeing in the pipeline nowadays? Is it -- and how different is it relative to, say, 12 months ago?
Pamela J. Craig: Ashwin, I mean, one of the things we're very focused on was rebuilding the pipeline for the largest deals that we do. We call them megas and indeed, that part of our pipeline was up significantly in Q1 because we had a very large bookings quarter in Q4. So that's one bit of color I can give you. And otherwise, our pipeline is up because we did indeed put focus on that in the first quarter to get us well positioned for the rest of the year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And with regards to revenues, you guys did say in the past, obviously, that 1Q and 2Q would be weaker with the second half pickup. So that's kind of expected as before. But relative to 2Q, is there anything different that you're looking at now given all the uncertainty sort of -- I would call it incremental uncertainty in Europe, as well as fiscal cliff-related uncertainty here. Are you kind of sort of -- should we sort of be writing off December and January and it's sort of a 1-month quarter, that kind of weakness?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, to comment on this, I mean, clearly, we've not seen any change in the marketplace relative to the element you're mentioning. As you would imagine, we're watching carefully what's happening. But we've not seen in December any change in pattern regarding our clients. And as we said, we are particularly pleased with our performance in Americas, including the performance in the U.S. for Q1. Regarding Q2, we are providing our direction, and we have no reason to change our view on Q2 at this stage.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about EMEA. It was up 10% constant currency in 1Q '12 and 2Q '12. Then it dropped to 4% in 3Q, and then it backed up to 8% in 4Q. So I thought we were kind of out of the woods, but now we're now flat in the first quarter '13. So is that just the volatility in the market? Is that all consulting? Just looking to make sure I understand what exactly is happening in that region.
Pierre Nanterme: I will start with EMEA because I'm a native there. So indeed, we are flat. But as always, as you know, it's covering multiple countries. I mean, first, we're overall pleased with part of the performance. And outsourcing continues to do very well in that part of the world. And if you look from a country standpoint, we're doing very well in countries such as Germany, for instance. And we are flat to positive in many important countries for us such as the U.K., such as Italy, such as Spain. So again, you need to look at these from a portfolio management standpoint. We are where we expected to be, and I think we've always been very clear in the prior quarters about the direction and how the Q1 would shape in EMEA. But we continue to see some positive trends there and opportunities.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a couple of quick ones. On consulting, obviously, it was flat in constant currency. Should we expect it to be around flat again? Or could that turn negative this quarter?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I believe, Bryan, it will be flattish again, little up, little down. But I mean, I think it will be a similar pattern to the first quarter and the second and then pick up into positive digits in the second half.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, last quick one. Headcount growth, I think, you said would be around or over 50,000. That's a little bit below, I think, the 60,000 that you mentioned last quarter. I just wanted to see if that's correct. And then secondly, contracted revenue for the next 4 quarters was 9% last quarter. Just looking for an update.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay. First of all, you're right. We said we -- we'd say now we're going to hire at least 50,000 people, and I think that reflects a few things. One is that attrition is down. And second, you'll see that we do -- we have had a nice increase in the Global Delivery Network, and we're carefully, as I think you'd expect of us, managing supply and demand around the world and getting positioned for the business building in the latter part of the year. We hired a number of people -- a lot of people in Q4, and so it was down a little bit in this quarter. Regarding your second question, we're up -- we have about 8% more under contract over the remainder of the year versus this time last year. Pretty close in both consulting and outsourcing.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just thinking about the bottom-up build of the model a little bit, as I think we always do. I'm still -- still heavy appetite here for some numbers. On the utilization front and thinking about pricing and really the levers, right, so of course, you guys have already sort of communicated and conveyed through the confidence that you guys have in getting to the numbers and the targets. But sort of thinking through in some of the -- maybe more of the mechanics of the model, if headcount has already been reduced a little bit in terms of the gross head planned for you guys, obviously, attrition is helping some there, but if pricing doesn't come through or if utilization is already running kind of high, what will drive that acceleration into the back half of the year? And some of it, I guess, could be some of the acquisition benefits. Some of it could be the kind of more nonlinear components. I'm just trying to get my arms around how best to think about the drivers that could help in the back half of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I think utilization is up a little bit, and that reflects some -- the Global Delivery Network, a slightly larger proportion. I think on the people side, I mean, we're getting the people where we need them, and that part is what we need to do. So I'm confident that we're going to do that. And it's really just to match that up with the consulting growth as it materializes. So I think the main levers we have, and we had some really good progress on this, this quarter, where we are, I think, doing better than ever in terms of cost management and that kind of rigor and discipline about making sure we have that everywhere on contracts, in noncontracts and then pushing for pricing where we can. And where the business cases are best, we can. So we will never give up on that, and that's always a part of what we do. Prices overall were relatively stable this quarter.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe just on the nonlinear idea or some way to think about software or platform-based businesses as a percentage of your revenues, is there any color that you guys can share in terms of how big that could be at this point as a percentage of revenue?
Pierre Nanterme: I would characterize it as being probably stable. We continue to make investments in solutions and software on a very targeted and specific basis. I mean, recall the 2 recent acquisitions we made, one in the technology -- Microsoft technology and the other one around the Digital Marketing. And again, it's the same spirit so far, it's to invest in very niche and specific software to provide differentiated solutions. That's what we do, and that's what we'll continue to do. Of course, through our BPO and some of those activities, there is a less linear correlation between the people and the business. But overall, there is no change with our current strategy.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a follow-up question on consulting. I think you guys were pretty clear that the first half will be flat in terms of revenue growth and then move into positive territory in the second half. But just to probe that a little bit further, I think last quarter, you had said for full year fiscal '13, low to mid-single digits is the constant currency range you were expecting. Sounds like that's still doable, but I just wanted to test that a little bit. Is the lower end more likely just where it looks like you'll be through the first half of the year? I know you're going to have some easier comparisons certainly helping later on in the year. But I just wanted to make sure we have our expectations calibrated properly if, in fact, the lower end now looks more likely.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, I certainly agree with part of what you said, Jason, which is that for the first half, flattish, and for the full year, low to mid-single digits. And so that means that we're going to come up into the mid-single digits positive, maybe a little higher in the second half of the year in consulting.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. I mean, I guess what I'm just getting at is, is the higher end of the range still realistic when you think about the low to mid-single digits for the full year?
Pamela J. Craig: This is for consulting or the 5% to 8% overall?
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, consulting only.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, based on our pipeline, I mean, we -- I mean, in consulting, we have stuff to convert, right, so this execution is up to us. Yes, we see that.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay, understood. And just to switch gears a little bit, we've been hearing and reading a bit more about some of the big 4 accounting firms substantially increasing their nonaudit businesses in areas like consulting. I know that's been going on in the past few years, and they're probably going to be encountering some conflict of interest questions around that. But are you seeing or experiencing any more competition from those types of firms out in the marketplace? I mean, clearly, you guys are gaining share overall on a global basis across the competitive landscape. But any uptick in competitiveness from this group in particular?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, that's clearly part of, I mean, our competitors. As you know, we're competing against everybody in all the different segments of our business from management consulting to technology to AO. That's the nature of our business. And I mean, believe me, when we have more competition, it's just pushing us to do better. So we love that. We'll just try to continue raising our game, to compete, to win and to gain market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Price representing BB&T Capital Markets.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just I kind of wanted to just follow up on a couple of the questions that have been asked regarding consulting growth and kind of how that's going to trend. I know you just addressed it with Bryan and then with Jason. But I guess is the expectation -- is the expectation based on consulting work that's kind of contracted? Or is that mainly pipeline? You alluded to pipeline, but I guess I wanted to make sure that, that was more of the case.
Pamela J. Craig: It's both. It's what's contracted, as well as pipeline. And remember, we have that effect of the longer -- larger, longer consulting deals that are bleeding in at a slower pace, right, so that's going to start to really take in the second part of the year.
Pierre Nanterme: And again, I mean, keep in mind that if you're looking at the last quarters, our consulting bookings remain very strong, including in Q1 above the $4 billion mark. So the point is exactly as Pam mentioned, is the nature of the consulting demand, which has changed from longer term -- more longer term and less shorter term. So there is a kind of conversion rate from booking to revenues, which is different. But this is our expectation that indeed, those very strong bookings we had in these last quarters will convert in revenues -- second part of the year.
Pamela J. Craig: And I'm just going to add that the book-to-bill for consulting, which I'm sure you've already calculated, is 1.1 in the first quarter.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Right, right, okay. Has consulting growth bottomed in Europe, do you think?
Pamela J. Craig: I think we're turning the corner there overall. And of course, it's a little bit -- not every operating group or every industry or every country is alike. There's some variability, for sure. But we are really starting to turn the corner in my view. And of course, we look at sequential and how that's doing, and we see that happening overall, obviously, in order to predict the growth rates in the second half of the year.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So with that, I guess you'd -- it kind of sounds like second quarter is going to be the bottom overall, and that's consistent, you think, with Europe. Is that fair?
Pamela J. Craig: I do. We do see EMEA picking up in the latter part of the year in consulting.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And last question, you talked about SI bookings last quarter were obviously a record. And this quarter, I think you mentioned that they were holding their own. Were they -- just a little bit of, I don't know, maybe a little subtle change there in tone. Were they up actually year-over-year? And could you maybe talk a little bit more about what you observed in terms of changes in bookings for SI?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I actually meant to communicate that as a positive in terms of SI bookings because despite -- we continue to have some shift to the Global Delivery Network and despite a few of these other patterns in terms of the shorter-term stuff, that actually the book-to-bill in system integration was very good. It was in management consulting where it was off a little.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. But SI was up?
Pamela J. Craig: What's up?
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Up year-over-year, I'm sorry.
Pamela J. Craig: Let me -- we'll check that. I just want to make sure I'm accurate before I answer.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Darrin Peller representing Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just to follow up, I mean, you mentioned strength in some of the larger albeit slower consulting projects but some weaker trends in smaller-sized deals, I think, in terms of the consulting side. In other words, your 2013 growth doesn't have as much benefit from these smaller, more nimble deals. How big of a contributor would that normally be for you in terms of growth contribution? In other words, how much are we missing from the smaller-sized deals?
Pamela J. Craig: I actually don't have that to provide to you exactly, but we do see -- I mean, I personally think the fact that we have a greater proportion of these longer, larger, in my view, stickier consulting work, that, that's ultimately better for our business. And so again, this trend, the way it bleeds through is important. It does impact the growth rate in a different quarter, and certainly this quarter and next, we see that. Nonetheless, I think in general, it's a positive trend. And just back to the other question, system integration bookings were up 3% in local currency.
Pierre Nanterme: [indiscernible] on this, and it's a very positive trend. Again, I mean, if you look at the consulting bookings, just to confirm, I mean, $4.2 billion and a book-to-bill which is over 1, so we build -- we are building -- I know backlog is not the right terminology, but I'm an old-fashioned guy. So we're building contracted revenues moving forward. And indeed, the fact that we are contracting on longer-term consulting will make over time our business more resilient with more visibility over time. Now it's happening that for a typical quarter, it's creating the effect you see. But it's making us confident that over time and at the second part of the year, those contracting revenues will generate consulting growth.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. I mean, I think that's fair. It's definitely a good trend. I think we're just trying to understand how much of a call option there is to the upside when this kind of business does return to more nimble, probably cyclical projects, come back with a little more strength. But I hear you. I mean, a long-term business, obviously, is beneficial. Just a quick follow-up, if you don't mind, on the pricing side. We've heard from some of the larger Indian-based outsourcing firms that pricing's come down a bit, and a bit for them at [indiscernible] some of them to gain back some of the market share. Are you seeing that anywhere?
Pierre Nanterme: From a pricing standpoint, I think we will call the pricing stable with, as always, some pocket of improvement. But let's say stable overall.
Pamela J. Craig: Right.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question was just you talked about going forward that the bookings were going to pick up next quarter. How should we think about that in relation to the current decision-making and business trends? Is that an indication that, that's continuing and the momentum's actually picking up heading into the year?
Pamela J. Craig: I think it's a little bit more about us going from the high bookings in Q4 to this quarter and just how we've been building our pipeline and how we see the stuff converting over the course of this quarter, and we're actually already off to a decent start. So I think a lot of it is, or at least a portion of it is, related to us. And then in terms of the environment, we commented we did not see really anything specific that's leading us to think that there's any kind of pause going on right now in terms of the kind of work that we're signing up.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. My second and last question, just you talked about consulting projects and more large deals coming in and less small deals. So I guess there's probably 2 parts to this question. First, why would people be more willing to commit to the large deals than the small deals? And is that based on geography? And also, based on the fact that this is going to be back end loaded this year, I'm wondering, what would potentially derail that? Would that take a shift in the macro for that to change at all?
Pamela J. Craig: I think the reason that the complexion of the projects are different is because these longer, larger ones are more critical. And perhaps these other things are things that not just aren't as critical, some of the smaller stuff. If you look at what's happening with the big banks, for example. And certainly geographically, that's the case. The kinds of things they need to do are different than they were in the past based on the transformation that's going on in the industry. And that's true with the big telecom companies as well. So I think a lot of it is that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I think that's exactly right. What we see, and this is what's making us confident despite all the volatile and uncertain environment we see, is the transformational business is still there because all the giants or big companies and global leaders we're serving, they need to comply with new regulation, they need to be more global, they need to rationalize, and they need to do all of these at scale. And this is what, I think, was reflected in a couple of illustrations I made earlier. I mean, look at what we just contracted today -- we announced today, not contracted, with Unilever. It's such a good illustration of what's happening. So our positioning on the transformational business, high-end, large-scale program is resonating with our clients and aligned with their needs. And we continue to see that type of demand in the marketplace. That's why we are remaining confident. Okay. So thanks again, everybody, for joining us on today's call. With the first quarter behind us, again, we remain confident in our ability to continue to drive profitable growth with a sharp focus on providing highly differentiated services to our clients and improving our competitiveness in the marketplace. As I travel around the world, I can see the opportunities in front of us, and I can tell you that the men and women of Accenture are fully mobilized and focused on delivering value for our clients and for Accenture every day. I want to take this opportunity to wish all of you, our investors and analysts, as well as our Accenture people who are listening to the call, a very happy holiday season and all the best for the New Year. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC. All the best and happy holidays.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7 p.m. this evening and running through March 28, 2013, at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 271680. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. And with that, I'd now like to turn the conference over to Managing Director of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Doug, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Doug just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factor sections of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our financial results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, which enabled us to meet or exceed our annual business outlook for all of our key metrics. Our strong performance demonstrates that our growth strategy continues to differentiate us in the marketplace and that we are running our business with a focus on delivering value to shareholders. Pam will provide details on the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year in a moment. Here are a few highlights for the year. We delivered record new bookings of $32.2 billion. Revenue growth was strong and broad-based across our business, with an 11% increase in local currency to $27.9 billion, also a record. Earnings per share were a record $3.84, up 13% and at the top of our guided range. We expanded operating margin 30 basis points to 13.9%, also at the top of our guided range. We generated exceptionally strong free cash flow of $3.9 billion and continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the year with a cash balance of $6.6 billion. We continue to return cash to shareholders, with more than $3 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.81 per share, which is a 20% increase over our prior dividend. Clearly, we continue to execute extremely well across all dimensions of our business, and I want to take this opportunity to recognize the contribution of the leadership team of Accenture, which is totally committed to our clients and to our success. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to give you some details on Accenture's fiscal year 2012 fourth quarter and full year financial results. We finished the year strong across key dimensions. We had record bookings in consulting and outsourcing and a quarterly total, for the first time, of over $9 billion. Our free cash flow as we crossed year end was outstanding. And most notably, we were able to meet or beat all of the elements in our original annual business outlook provided a year ago. Now let's get to the numbers for the quarter and the fiscal year. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were a record $9.2 billion, and that level of bookings also notably reflected a negative 9% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the fourth quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $4.3 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $4.9 billion, both individual records. As Pierre mentioned, new bookings for the full fiscal year also hit an all-time high of $32.2 billion, $1.2 billion above the upper end of the range we signaled in June. These bookings reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 3% compared with new bookings for fiscal '11. Consulting bookings for fiscal '12 were $16.6 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $15.6 billion. Let me give you some details on bookings in the fourth quarter, first in consulting. In management consulting, bookings were strong this quarter, particularly in the Americas and some parts of Europe. They continued to include a greater proportion of larger projects of longer duration with a focus on business outcomes. The strongest growth in bookings was for sales transformation and for finance and enterprise performance work. Technology consulting bookings reflected demand for network transformation, data center consolidation, desktop transformation and IT strategy, all to drive cost savings and increase the business value of IT spend. We see more significant opportunities to capture here, and this is being focused on by our technology leaders. System integration bookings were the highest for as long as we've been tracking them. Bookings continued to reflect client demand to implement and modernize both ERP and industry-specific systems, which is also creating platforms for advanced analytics work, driving more business value. We also see clients evaluating their legacy application portfolios, which is leading to growing demand to build and integrate Software as a Service or SaaS and other cloud solutions. And our clients' demand for mobile, digital and Web solutions across multiple types of devices is becoming more and more pervasive. Emerging technology trends are gaining momentum. Turning to outsourcing. Technology outsourcing bookings continued to be very strong and broad-based across our operating groups and geographically across the Americas, Asia Pacific and parts of Europe and Africa. We continue to work closely with many, many clients around the world, not only to help them capture immediate cost savings, but to turn fixed costs into variable costs and to improve their IT effectiveness as they continue to work to transform their operations to become more competitive. BPO bookings were very strong, a quarterly record, driven by our cross-industry offerings, especially finance and accounting. Bookings were broad-based across most of our commercial industries. Strong demand for our services was most pronounced in the Americas, including in the U.S. where we have our industry-specific solution and credit services. Our BPO business built momentum all year long in fiscal '12, with strong bookings driving increases in market share each quarter, and the business is well positioned going into FY '13 as well. Finally on bookings, we had bookings of over $100 million at 11 clients, with all 5 operating groups represented. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $6.84 billion, an increase of 2% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency over the same period last year. As we had expected, these revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 7% compared with Q4 last year. These revenues were at the upper end of our guided range of $6.6 billion to $6.85 billion and reflected growth in local currency in all 5 of our operating groups in the fourth quarter. Consulting revenues were $3.74 billion in the fourth quarter, down 4% in U.S. dollars and up 2% in local currency. We had strong local currency growth in Asia Pacific, single-digit local currency growth in the Americas, and we're just under flat in local currency in EMEA. Outsourcing revenues were $3.1 billion, an increase of 10% in U.S. dollars and 18% in local currency. We saw a strong double-digit growth in local currency in all 3 geographic regions and across the majority of our industry groups. Net revenues for the full fiscal year were $27.9 billion, an increase of 9% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the full year were $15.6 billion, an increase of 4% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency. And outsourcing revenues were $12.3 billion, an increase of 16% in U.S. dollars and 19% in local currency. I'm pleased with the net revenue results delivered in fiscal '12 and how we continue to rise to the challenge of meeting our clients' evolving needs. I'll take you through some Q4 details by operating group. Financial Services revenues increased 16% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected very significant growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific across all 3 industries: banking, insurance and capital markets. Consulting revenues, which reflected strong growth in insurance, grew modestly as the gains outweighed declines in banking in the Americas and EMEA. In banking, transformation needs continue to evolve as a key driver of future demand. Consulting revenues also included the recognition of revenues related to higher-than-normal precontract costs incurred in Q3, as I mentioned last quarter. Health & Public Service revenues increased 10% in local currency, reflecting very significant growth in health again this quarter, with strength in both consulting and outsourcing and across geographies. Our investments in health are paying off. Our health offerings are resonating in the market. Public Service had modest growth again this quarter, reflecting good demand for our offerings in some parts of Asia Pacific and globally in consulting for human services. Growing our Public Service business is still challenged in other parts of the world as we continue to reposition this business for the future. The Products operating group, our largest, had local currency revenue growth of 8%, driven by very strong growth in outsourcing globally in both our technology and BPO offerings. From an industry perspective, growth was driven by retail, life sciences and industrial equipment in all regions. Both the Americas and Asia Pacific grew double digits. EMEA grew modestly as strong outsourcing growth was offset by a modest consulting decline again this quarter. Resources revenues grew 7% in local currency, with growth across all industries, led by energy and natural resources. Strong growth in outsourcing reflected demand for flexible, cost-effective sourcing to meet increased demand in ongoing operations. Consulting growth moderated but continued to reflect solid global demand for operating model programs and a focus on driving short-term efficiencies. In utilities, we are building momentum with our Smart Grid offerings to support our clients in advancing their energy efficiency programs. Communications, Media and Technology revenues increased 4% in local currency. Very strong outsourcing growth was driven by our clients' continued focus on improving the efficiency of their operation. Outsourcing growth included a short-term increase related to a contract with a client in Europe, which will ramp down throughout FY '13. CMT's consulting revenue declined in all 3 regions. This was most pronounced in EMEA and in communications globally, where certain communications clients are -- continue to move away from building core IT system capability for traditional markets and to move toward more value-added services. In emerging markets and in high-tech globally, there is renewed system integration activity to build core capability on new platforms. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin in Q4 was 32.9% compared with 33.1% for the same period last year, a 20-basis point decrease. Gross margin for the full year was 32.3% compared with 32.9% in fiscal '11, a decrease of 60 basis points. Higher contract profitability was more than offset by investments in offerings and acquisition. Sales and marketing expense for the quarter was $839 million or 12.3% of net revenues compared with $821 million, also 12.3% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year. And sales and marketing costs for the full year were $3.3 billion or 11.9% of net revenues compared with $3.1 billion or 12.1% of net revenues in fiscal '11, a decrease of 20 basis points. General and administrative expense was $469 million or 6.9% of net revenues compared with $472 million or 7.1% of net revenues for the fourth quarter last year, a 20-basis point decrease. G&A costs for the full year were $1.8 billion or 6.5% of net revenues compared with $1.8 billion or 7.1% of net revenues in fiscal '11, a decrease of 60 basis points year-on-year. Operating income was $940 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting a 13.8% operating margin. This compares with $923 million, also 13.8% operating margin in the fourth quarter last year. Full year operating income of $3.9 billion reflected a 13.9% operating margin compared with $3.5 billion or a 13.6% operating margin for fiscal '11, a 30-basis point year-over-year expansion. In continuing to manage our business to modest margin expansion, we executed well to drive profitable growth, to invest in our business, including in gross margin, and to manage our cost structure in a disciplined way, i.e. to grow it at a rate less than revenue. This is what we set out to do, and we delivered. In terms of operating groups, Health & Public Service operating income decreased year-over-year in Q4, and operating margins fell due primarily to delivery inefficiencies on a few contracts, some write-offs in our Public Service business in U.S. federal and investments in health initiatives. For the full year, I am pleased to again note that Products posted strong year-over-year operating income and operating margin gains and also that Resources delivered very strong operating income and margin all year long. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.8% compared with 27% for the fourth quarter last year. The higher rate in the fourth quarter of this year was due to increased reserves and a change in the geographic mix of income. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 27.6%, in line with our annual guided range of 27% to 28%. Net income was $636 million for the fourth quarter compared with $683 million for the same quarter last year, a decrease of 7%, and the decrease was driven by the higher tax rate. For the full year, net income was $2.8 billion compared with $2.6 billion in fiscal '11, also a record this year and an increase of 11%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.88 compared with $0.91 in the fourth quarter last year. The $0.03 decrease is made up of a $0.03 increase from higher revenue and operating results, including the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange this quarter; a $0.03 increase from a lower share count; which was more than offset by an $0.08 decrease from a higher effective tax rate; and a $0.01 decrease from lower nonoperating income. For the full fiscal year, diluted earnings per share were $3.84 compared with $3.39 in fiscal '11, an increase of 13% and at the top end of our guided range of $3.80 to $3.84. The $0.45 increase is made up of $0.40 from higher revenue and operating income, including the impact of foreign exchange; $0.08 from a lower share count; offset by $0.02 from a higher effective income tax rate; and $0.01 from lower nonoperating income. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding were 27 days, down from 30 days both from last quarter and from Q4 last fiscal year. This was unusually low and did include an uptick in client prepayments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.6 billion rounded, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.7 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $115 million. For the full fiscal year, free cash flow of $3.9 billion rounded was about $400 million above the top end of our previously guided range. This significantly higher level reflected better-than-expected DSOs, as I just mentioned, and also reflected the operating results in the quarter. Cash from operating activities was $4.26 billion, and property and equipment additions were $372 million. Moving to our level of cash. Our cash balance at August 31 reflected the strong cash flow and was $6.6 billion. It compares with $5.7 billion at August 31 last year. Moving to some other key operational metrics. We hired more than 60,000 people in fiscal '12 and ended the year with a global headcount of about 257,000 people. Our Global Delivery Network grew from 141,000 people at the beginning of the fiscal year to 162,000 people at the end. In Q4, our utilization was 87%, consistent with Q3. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 12%, down compared to 13% in Q3 and down from 14% in Q4 last fiscal year. Before I turn things back to Pierre, I'll provide an update on how we performed in FY '12 on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 12 million shares for $696 million at an average price of $58.18 per share. For the full year, we repurchased or redeemed 36.6 million shares for $2.1 billion at an average price of $57.32 per share. In fiscal '12, we delivered on our commitment of returning cash to shareholders. The total was $3.05 billion, reflecting $2.1 billion in share repurchases and $951 million in dividend payments we made during the fiscal year. Our weighted average diluted shares came down 2.1% over the fiscal year. Earlier today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.81 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15 and represents a $0.135 per share or 20% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. To sum up, we delivered all year. We executed our strategy, stayed close to our clients and were mindful of our costs. All of this allowed us to respond well to the stronger demand for outsourcing and moderated demand for consulting that evolved during the year. I'm very proud of Accenture people and their extraordinary ability to drive our business in a way that serves both our clients and our shareholders so well. So let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you a brief update on some exciting things going on in our business, and then I'll finish up with our initial business outlook for fiscal year '13.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. As our very strong results for fiscal year '12 demonstrate, we are executing our growth strategy in a focused and disciplined way, providing differentiated services that create tangible and measurable value for our clients. Although the global economic and geopolitical environment remains volatile and uncertain, the diversity of our business continues to serve us very well. We are working with clients across 40 industries and more than 120 countries, providing a full range of market-leading services. We have an unmatched depth and breadth of industry skills, with 153,000 people in our operating groups and growth platforms aligned with specific industries. As demonstrated by our record new bookings, we are seeing strong demand for services. Our clients continue to invest in transforming their operations to address the challenges presented by the long-term trends of globalization, regulation, rationalization and technology innovation. To help our clients address these challenges, we combine our unique capabilities across management consulting, technology and business process outsourcing to provide highly differentiated industry-based end-to-end services. Let me bring this to life with some recent wins in the marketplace. We are helping Oi, one of the Brazil's leading communications providers, drive greater operational efficiency and transform its business. In addition to managing their billing and collection, finance and accounting, HR and supply chain functions, we are also leveraging analytics to target further process improvements to lower costs and improve quality across their business. We are working with BP, the global energy company, to consolidate and run its finance and accounting function across Europe and North America. We are standardizing reporting and metrics and using advanced analytics to drive greater insights into the business with the goal of improving business controls, transcending risk management and reducing operating cost. And at the same time, we continue to invest in building our industry expertise. I'm pleased to report that just this week, we completed the acquisition of Octagon Research Solutions, a provider of clinical and regulatory information management systems. The acquisition significantly expands the range of services we provide to pharmaceutical clients, enhancing our ability to help them achieve more efficient global regulatory submissions and enabling them to get medicines to market faster and at a lower cost. I'm also pleased with the progress we made in fiscal year '12 in the fast-growing areas of cloud analytics and mobility, where we are now operating at scale in response to increased demand from our clients. In cloud, through a 5-year contract valued at more than $280 million, we are helping a major global client completely transform its sales, customer service and delivery functions worldwide. The new cloud-based solution is part of the client's efforts to increase revenue and customer satisfaction while also reducing operating costs. In mobility, we are helping a leading company in the energy industry develop and roll out advanced mobile applications for its global workforce of more than 25,000 employees. The program will enable staff in remote locations to use mobile devices to access customer information in real time, significantly increasing efficiency and improving customer service. As you know, geographic expansion is another key dimension of our strategy. We continue to invest in growth markets, both mature under-penetrated markets as well as our priority emerging markets. In fiscal year '12, we made good progress in our 10 priority emerging markets, increasing revenues 16% in local currency. We are particularly pleased with the growth in China, South Africa, Brazil and India, where we are executing very well and gaining market share. I would also like to highlight our excellent results in the United States, which continues to be our largest market and delivered strong revenue growth of 13% for the year. And of course, we continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business, with a relentless focus on value, cost management and productivity to further improve our own efficiency and competitiveness and deliver on our commitments to shareholders. With that, I will turn it back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for fiscal year '13. Over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. I'd like to first share with you some thoughts on how our business is shaping up for fiscal year '13. We see very good opportunities in most markets around the world, and our Q4 bookings and healthy pipeline confirm this and position us well as we move forward. At the same time we remain very vigilant about understanding the impact of the evolving global macroeconomic environment, we will continue to be focused on managing our global business tightly. For fiscal '13, we expect growth rates in outsourcing to continue to be higher than in consulting based on the book of business we have and the opportunities we see. While our consulting bookings have been solid in recent quarters, we anticipate they will continue to convert to revenues at a slower rate going forward as they did in the latter part of fiscal year '12. Our outlook components and our intent to update you quarterly remain the same for fiscal '13. We will continue to provide a quarterly outlook for revenue so that you have a basis for understanding our quarterly-phasing expectations during the year. So for the first quarter of fiscal year '13, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.35 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 3% compared to the first quarter in fiscal '12. Our revenue outlook in Q1 reflects growth in 4 of our 5 operating groups and a slight decline in revenue for Communications, Media and Technology. We do anticipate that CMT will return to growth later in the fiscal year based on recent bookings and how new business is shaping up. Let me turn to our assumption for foreign exchange for the full fiscal year. Based upon how the rates have been trending over the last couple of weeks, we currently assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be negative 1% for fiscal '13 compared to fiscal '12. This assumes the weakening dollar we've seen over the last few weeks. If the dollar were to return to the levels of a month ago, the FX annual headwind could be more like negative 2%. We will update the annual foreign exchange assumption each quarter. For the full fiscal year '13, we expect Accenture's net revenue to grow in a range of 5% to 8% in local currency over fiscal '12. For the full fiscal year '13, we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $31 billion to $34 billion. As you know, our bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. In fiscal year '13, we expect operating margin to be in a range of 14.0% to 14.1%, a 10- to 20-basis point expansion. We will continue to balance profitability with making investments to position our business for the future. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we've seen in the past. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27%. In determining next year's expected rate, we have evaluated our projected geographic mix of income, our reserves and some future final determination. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '13 to be in the range of $4.22 to $4.30 or 10% to 12% growth. Now let's turn last, but not at all least, to cash flow. As you know, we had very strong cash flow at the end of fiscal '12, which reflected an unusually low level of DSOs, 27 days at the end of Q4. We have reflected a more normal level of DSOs in our forecast for fiscal '13, i.e. a few more days. We have also decided to provide a substantial discretionary contribution, $500 million, to our U.S.-based defined benefit pension plan during the first half of fiscal '13. So taking these things into account, for the full fiscal year, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, property and equipment additions to be $420 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3.1 billion. To give you just a little more on our thinking about capital allocation, we are on course to continue our strategy this fiscal year to both invest in our business to grow as well as to return a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders. I will share more with you on this topic at our Investor and Analyst Day in 2 weeks. So in conclusion, we're staying focused on what matters most, driving value for our clients and for our shareholders. We look forward to having some of our business leaders around the world share more details at our Investor and Analyst Day. So KC, let's take some questions.
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. [Operator Instructions] Doug, would you provide instructions for those on the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to ask or, I guess, better understand how the bookings will convert to revenue. Pam, I know you mentioned that there's some slower conversion there. Can you just help us better appreciate that, how we can track that? And then, more importantly, just reconcile your bookings guidance with your revenue guidance. Any change again in book-to-bill or any other metric that we should consider?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. Well, first of all, in the book-to-bill, we were sure pleased with those in Q4, 1:1 in consulting, probably about 1:6 in outsource. So I think one of the things I mentioned, that in consulting, we do see what's being booked be sort of larger, longer-duration things. And those do convert to revenue just as a basket slower because there's less of the little or faster converting stuff in the mix. So we do expect that trend to continue.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So as I think about -- so the -- I guess the correlation between bookings growth and revenue growth, is it fair to say that's going to break down a little bit next year? Because it sounds like it's getting a little bit more complex, I guess.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think bookings are lumpy, right, and I think that we did have a number of large things. I mentioned we had 11 clients where we had bookings of over $100 million. So some of those are big things over a longer time period. And so I think it's hard to correlate it exactly just in terms of then trying to sort of link that to a revenue growth rate in the first quarter.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay, fair enough. Maybe just a quick follow-up just in terms of contract profitability and cost containment. No surprise on the margin guidance. But I'm curious, contract profitability has been a big help here. Is there still room to go on that front? Or are there going to be some different levers to pull for margin expansion in fiscal '13?
Pamela J. Craig: Wail, we'll never give up on contract profitability and particularly pricing, and then how we continue to manage our costs and look at the whole value equation for clients. So I think that is -- definitely continues to be a push for us. But at the same time, in terms of managing our business to operating margin, we're going to be looking for those efficiencies in SG&A to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on a high level first maybe for Pierre. Your growth rates overall are clearly above industry average and clearly above your peers'. Can you just give us some specific color on some of these 11 large contracts you've won in the sense of what was the driver of you winning that? I mean, your market share gains are noticeable at this point. And maybe some specific examples of what, in an RFP, you showed that others did not. And is that sustainable? And then maybe just to follow up on the similar question to the -- specifically to the Financial Services vertical given the growth, how strong it was there.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, sure. It's excellent, Darrin. Regarding, I mean, what's differentiating us in the marketplace and I think it's reflecting in the 2 illustrations I mentioned previously with Oi and BP. First is our constant focus on large global companies. Second is indeed what we see from a transformation standpoint in the marketplace. And to drive transformation for such large clients, you need to combine multiple capabilities, if you will. And this is what we do with those 2 illustrations from MC technology, BPO, AO. And on top of that, we're bringing things such as the cloud or such as the advanced analytics. So I think we have a unique positioning so far, which is resonating very well with our clients and differentiating us in the marketplace of combining capabilities, operating at scale, working for those very large global organizations and really focusing on bringing an outcome. FS is a good illustration of what's going on. FS, as you know, Financial Services, and especially banking in Financial Services, but it's true for insurance, are industries facing significant transformation from a regulatory standpoint, of course the Solvency II, the Basel III, but as well from an operational standpoint. And again, we are very pleased with what we're doing, especially from an outsourcing standpoint, where outsourcing bookings as well as revenue growth was very good. And it's reflecting again our positioning in supporting those large organization in some major transformations. So that's what's explaining our current differentiation.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In financials, just to be clear, I mean, so regulatory drivers is a major variable as well as just, I mean, overall cost optimization in transformation? Is there any other major drivers we should just keep in mind for that segment just given how strong it's been?
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, those are the major ones. And particularly in banking, frankly, insurance has been strong for us for a number of quarters now. Just one other thing I'd like to just point out because, I mean, these were really strong results in Financial Services, is they did include just a couple of things from a compare perspective that I should point out. First of all, we talked to, last quarter, a little bit about precontract costs. And of course, these are costs that were in the quarter and then the revenues came through in this quarter. So that had maybe only just about a 2-point impact on Financial Services. We also made 2 fairly sizable acquisitions in the beginning of last year, and those had done really well. I mentioned the Credit Services business, which has really come on strong this year.
Operator: Our next question, Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So I do -- I'll just say wow in response to your bookings results. And I have a question on the bookings front as well. After the blowout bookings in the August quarter, are you now somewhat needing to replenish your sales pipeline? And should we expect bookings growth to potentially be sort of artificially low in the November quarter after all of the strong bookings that you posted in the August quarter?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Rod, first of all, I don't know about the word artificially. I think there's always some lumpiness to our bookings. That said, I think what I was pleased about is that the pipeline is still up quite nicely. I think it's only really in the very big deal. We also look at the very big deal pipeline, where we do indeed need to do some replenishment. But that would be pretty normal and natural at this point after that quarter of bookings. We even had a couple, frankly, that came in early, right? We expected them in Q1. They came in, in Q4, which was fantastic. And so there is a little bit of that. And so yes, the bookings in Q1 will be lower, but I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't use the artificially word.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right. But you did have some deals that were somewhat pulled forward faster than you normally would occur at this time of the year?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, 1 or 2. Not -- again, that -- it's not like it's some big thing.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then, Pam, can you give us an update on your contracted revenue growth? And then as we look at the growth outlook for consulting versus outsourcing, are you confident that consulting year-over-year growth in constant currency can remain positive for each quarter in the next year?
Pamela J. Craig: I am confident that it will be positive for the first quarter and for the year. And that's, I think, how it will come out. I mean, the first quarter at this point, I see low positive single digits. It could be sort of as low as flattish, but we do see positive. And for the year, low- to mid-single digits positive. In terms of our visibility, we do see, as we look forward over the next 4 quarters, that contracted revenue is up 9% over last year. Interestingly, beyond that, contracted revenue was up 13% more than the prior year as we looked at that. So that just points at this longer-duration thing that's going on with some of the bookings. But the 9% gives us confidence with the 5% to 8% revenue -- projected revenue growth.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks a lot, Rod. And I had the same reaction like you. I said, "Wow" when I saw the 9% in front of our bookings for Q4.
Operator: Our next question is from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quickly, just in terms of the headcount build as you think about fiscal 2013, just maybe you can reconcile. The headcount build for the end of the year seems a little bit slower at least versus what we were looking for. I'm trying to reconcile that against, obviously, the record bookings and the record finish to the year here. So just help us think through what is in the pace of the headcount adds relative to the pace of bookings at this point in terms of a little bit -- looks like a little bit of a slower number there.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I didn't necessarily see it as slower. I mean, I think if you look through the quarters of the year, we added 7,000 in the fourth quarter to our billable headcount, and that was more than any other quarter in the year. So, I mean, I think, Julio, I mean, we're doing what we're always doing, right, which is balancing supply and demand. We also have had good results with attrition, right, and that has meant that we haven't had to hire as many people.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That makes sense. And then what about for fiscal '13? What's the kind of gross expectation for adds?
Pamela J. Craig: Probably a little bit less than this year. But again, with the lower attrition, that's the main driver of that and then just again how we see the business shaping up.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it.
Pierre Nanterme: And we're pleased with that if I would add. I mean, if we have lower attrition, it means that we will have less cost for recruiting people.
Operator: Our next question is from Moshe Katri with Cowen & Company.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just not to kind of beat a dead horse here, talking about bookings. Pam, do you think that the booking numbers are a function of improving demand, strong competitive wins maybe better execution from Accenture? And then you mentioned pricing briefly. Is that an important lever for you guys in order for you to continue to this very mild expansion in EBIT margins on an annual basis? And maybe you can talk about how you can continue to kind of get that leverage from the pricing.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think just one thing I'll point out and then I'm going to let Pierre weigh in as well. I mean, one of the things that I think is interesting is that our sole source wins have been averaging about 60% over the last few quarters. And I think that's up from sort of the 50% that we've been quoting in the past. So I think that our ability to drive really valuable propositions for clients to their specific business needs and shape those things, I mean, I think that, that has certainly helped us. But Pierre, why don't I let you give a little more here?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, and that's exactly right. I mean, those bookings, obviously, are extremely important for us. It reflects that -- how we differentiate in the marketplace. We are winning against the competition, whether what we're selling is resonating with our clients, and I think this is where we are -- and of course, it's giving us the confidence moving forward as we're entering fiscal year '13. So I think what we see is our current positioning is strong in the marketplace with this combination of persistent focus on these large and global clients and bringing this combination of industry expertise together with technology leadership. And then end-to-end services to deliver tangible and measurable values. And today, this is what's the market is expecting from a company like us. And I'm indeed extremely pleased with the booking as the best proof point of our positioning.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then on pricing? Any color there?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. Pricing, interestingly, remains pretty stable in a competitive environment. And we're always going to be pushing on it where we can.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Are there any specific areas where you think that you do have some of that leverage to bring it higher?
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, I think again, right, where you take a value focus and that's really strong, that's where it makes the most sense because then you're able to really generate the value for the client as well as for us. So that's the focus we try to take with it.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just want to ask about the Health & Public Service margin. I know it was lower. But it sounded like it was mostly onetime in nature, the write-down, so we shouldn't expect that going forward. Is that right, Pam?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. It did include some onetime things. We did the delivery inefficiencies on a few contracts and some write-offs we had. So, I mean, that unit, the Public Service piece generally does trend a little lower anyway, but this quarter was impacted by those things.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on the headcount. I mean, net headcount was up about 9% year-over-year. If you hire about the same or a little less in gross adds, the -- lower than the 60,000 you hired this year, then that's going to moderate from the 9% for fiscal year '13. I guess the concern would be then what does that say about fiscal year '14 growth rate if that headcount growth is going to slow? Just maybe you could talk a little bit about that because maybe, there's some -- there's a break there between revenue and headcount that needs to be understood.
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think it really says much at all about FY '14 growth rates at this point. I mean, it's really based on where we need people, attrition and how the business is shaping up for '13. I mean, that's really it at this point.
Pierre Nanterme: No reason to be concerned. I mean, managing headcount is probably, I guess, there are many things we're doing that's right in Accenture, but there is something we're doing very well, which is managing supply-demand, productivity. We have a long experience of doing this. And indeed, it's all the combination of the productivity you expect, the supply-demand country by country, your pricing hypotheses. And you put all of this in our algorithm, if you will, and we believe that we are targeting the right headcount growth we need to deliver to our clients.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great to know because a lot of people look at that as a leading indicator of future growth. So if it does moderate, it doesn't sound like you guys are losing any confidence in the out year number.
Pierre Nanterme: Not at all.
Operator: Our next question is from George Price with BB&T Capital Markets.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Pam, the fiscal 1Q revenue guidance, if I'm looking at the math right, suggests constant currency revenue growth more like in the kind of 3% to 7%-ish kind of range, which is a little bit below the annual range. I guess in light of the macro uncertainty that's out there, particularly in Europe, how should we think about that in relation to the full year guidance? Is this kind of the slower ramp of bookings? Is it the compares? Are there any other factors or assumptions maybe you could talk through?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think it's both of those and just how the consulting will continue to ramp up and bleed through during the year.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And I know that you talked about returning capital to shareholders. We'll get more at the Analyst Day. I don't know if you can maybe say anymore at this point perhaps qualitatively relative to fiscal '12.
Pamela J. Craig: What do you mean by qualitatively?
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just do you anticipate returning more to shareholders in '13 than '12?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I will give you more details on it, but I think you could expect it to be more and be consistent.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And would Accenture ever consider levering the balance sheet at all, doing maybe more sizable share repurchase or special dividend, anything like that? I know that, that certainly has not been the thinking of the company thus far. But we've certainly -- with the debt markets the way they are, I've certainly seen more of that. Just curious of your thoughts on that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I'm personally not a big fan of that because I think we will always look for ways to put our capital to work. It will be part of our program, of course. We've raised the dividend 20%, which you heard about today. We expect we will do approximately a 2% reduction in the shares outstanding. I mentioned that we're doing the discretionary payment for the benefit plan. And of course, we have an acquisition pipeline. So I mean, these are the things that we think are driving growth in our business and value to shareholders, and we're focused on those.
Operator: Our next question is from David Grossman with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Pam, I'm wondering if I could just quickly follow up on the bookings conversion question. That's something that you guys have been pretty consistently talking about all year. And I was just curious, do you view that as something as a cyclical outcome? Or is this something that perhaps reflects something more secular?
Pamela J. Craig: I think it reflects some shifting demand patterns in consulting, which ultimately, I think, are good in the sense of sort of this larger, more durable, more value-driven kinds of consulting bookings. And I think it bodes well for the medium term. So I think that's most of it. And I don't know whether that's cyclical or secular or what, but that is a demand pattern that we do see and that we view as very, very positive for us.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And is that something that's pretty consistent through each of the verticals?
Pamela J. Craig: It's different in some ways through the verticals and also around the world. I mean, it does depend on -- and sometimes client by client, right, just depending on what their needs are, how much transformation they need to do. And then in other places, in some of the emerging markets, it's all about building scale for the first time. I mean, so it really does differ, but it's a scene that we do see really moving through the business at this time.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then just one question. Typically, in the 10-K, you disclose the annual spend on R&D. Do you happen to have that number for this year yet?
Pamela J. Craig: We do not.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Caso with Wells Fargo Securities.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: We've been picking up some static and noise that several countries are becoming more protectionist in nature, sort of buy local. I wonder -- particularly India being one of them. I was wondering if that was becoming an issue for you. It seems like I've seen more local companies winning large awards lately and less wins for Accenture and IBM.
Pierre Nanterme: We are extraordinary local. We are French in France, we are American in the U.S. I think we have quite a unique combination of being global by nature. We are leveraging the scale of Accenture in terms of balance sheet, in terms of brand, in terms of finance, in terms of capability. But when it comes to delivering to our clients, we are extraordinary local, operating in more than 120 countries around the world. And we're operating in those countries with local leaders totally rooted in their business community very close to our clients. And that's the way we've been operating for a long time. And I think this is indeed pretty probably unique to our organization, this combination. As you know, we do not have any headquarters. Physically, we are all operating in our different countries. I'm operating from Paris when I'm in Paris. Here we are in New York. So that would be my answer. Now do I really see a trend that clients will turn to more local providers? I don't really see that, and definitely not for our clients, the global companies. Maybe that's something that might happen in other market segments. But if you take the market segment of the G2000, those companies are global by nature, and they are turning to global providers who could deliver [indiscernible] local countries.
Pamela J. Craig: And notably, our revenues in India were up quite nicely, as I believe Pierre pointed out.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. My other question is around sort of -- the sort of a real new tech spending, investing, sort of cutting-edge stuff outside of retail, which really needs to do that. Are you seeing -- what sort of pace are you seeing relative to, say, a year ago as far as the commitment to sort of reach out with some of these new technologies? Or are the transformation deals you're doing sort of more traditional Accenture work?
Pierre Nanterme: I think what's interesting is first, those new technologies, I mean, combining the mobile, cloud, analytics, socials, are growing even faster for a reason than we expected, and we are very pleased with that. That's why I was extremely pleased to report our progress we're making in those new technologies and the fact that now we are operating at scale. The second point we have found very telling is if you take what you're calling more traditional deals, now all those deals, and whatever they are, BPO or big AO, will have a part of those deals in the form of analytics. And this is exactly the 2 illustrations I mentioned with both Oi and BP. You have different component of the traditional solution, if you will, together with elements such as advanced analytics to drive more rapidly to more tangible results and more value. So this is this combination which is now very interesting. And the fact that we could provide what you're calling the traditional services together with infusing those new tech in those deals is, again, I think, differentiating us from the competition.
Operator: Our next question is from Sara Gubins with Bank of America.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Within Europe, I'm hoping you can talk about what's incorporated into the outlook for 2013 for outsourcing versus consulting. And also, if you could just break down trends that you're seeing within Europe by country.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, so we won't give you that breakdown in the outlook. But let me let Pierre give you some color on Europe, at least.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I'm now the specialist -- ultimate specialist on Europe as long -- anyone could understand what's happening in Europe. But, I mean, first, we are growing in Europe. I mean, you see our results in Q4 but as well in older years. I think the other thing that I'm really pleased with, if you take out Q4, we've been growing in most of the large countries in Europe. I'm thinking about the U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain. So when you look at this, we in Accenture are growing in those countries. From a trend standpoint, very pleased with our performance in terms of outsourcing. As you know, most of the European companies are facing large restructurings, and outsourcing is a good way for them to drive that transformation. Of course, we are watching more carefully what's happening in the consulting standpoint. But overall, I'm pleased with where we are in Europe, especially considering the challenges facing by that part of the world.
Sara Gubins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Are there any markets that are dragging in particular that you'd highlight?
Pamela J. Craig: Interestingly, not really. The ones that showed declines are really small countries.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just one question, 2 parts. First, on the decision-making side. Any change at the small consulting contract level? And then I have just one more.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think as I mentioned, Joe, the -- we do see a little less of that kind of stuff. So maybe some of those are getting deferred in different parts of the world, and it does differ by part of the world. For example, we see more of that in Europe. And shoot for the second.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And have you seen any change in that or any changes because of the election or anything like that?
Pamela J. Craig: In the U.S., not really, no.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the last one for me. You talked about CMT turning around, I think, in the second half of next year. Maybe you could just talk about what causes that turnaround.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, again, I think we did see -- as I mentioned, we had declines in consulting in CMT. And there's a lot of transformation going on in traditional communications companies. And so we're working closely with them, and that's leading to a lot of outsourcing work. Based on some of the work that's been booked, CMT did have record bookings in Q4. And just sort of the business shaping up, we do see it coming back. We see some interesting system integration work coming back, particularly as it relates to some of these tech trends. And so this is how we see it, that CMT will return to growth during fiscal '13.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks again for joining us on today's call. As we enter fiscal year '13, I feel confident in the ability of Accenture to continue to drive profitable growth and deliver our business outlook for the year. Our long and enduring relationship with the world's leading companies, together with our global scale and highly diversified portfolio of business position us very well to win in the marketplace and continue to gain market share. And of course, key to our success are the skills and capabilities of the 257,000 Accenture men and women around the world who are focused on running our business with rigor and discipline, and I want to thank each and every one of them for delivering great business outcome for our clients every day. Finally, I would like to thank you, our investors, for your continued support and confidence in Accenture. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter and also to seeing many of you in person at our Investor & Analyst Conference in New York on October 11. In the meantime, if you have any questions, feel free to call KC. All the best. Talk to you soon.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call is being made available for replay starting this evening at 7 p.m. in the Eastern Time zone. It will run until Wednesday, December 19, 2012. You can access our service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 or outside of the U.S. at (320) 365-3844. And in either case, enter the access code of 256202. That does then conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-06-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2012 and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our results for the third quarter, which demonstrate that our strategy and the diversity of our business continue to differentiate Accenture in the marketplace and enable us to drive profitable growth. Here are a few highlights. We delivered new bookings of $7.3 billion, bringing us to $23 billion for the first 3 quarters of the year. Revenues were $7.2 billion, up 9% in local currency, with growth across all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions and outstanding revenue growth in outsourcing. We delivered earnings per share of $1.03, an increase of 11%. We increased operating income 12% to $1.1 billion and expanded operating margin to 14.8%. We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion. And we returned more than $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semi-annual cash dividend. Given how we see our business shaping up for the year, we are confirming our outlook for revenue growth of 10% to 12% for the year. Now let me hand over to Pam who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to give you some details on Accenture's fiscal year 2012 third quarter financial results. We delivered solid bookings, tracking to our full year outlook and revenues right at the midpoint of the Q3 range we provided in March. Revenue growth was driven by continued strength in outsourcing and demand that spans our global operating groups for our diverse mix of service offerings. We also delivered overall margin expansion and continue to drive strong cash flow. We achieved double-digit EPS growth for the quarter, reflecting the profitable growth in our business. And we continue to have a strong balance sheet. Now let's get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $7.29 billion and reflect a negative 4% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the third quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $4.05 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.24 billion. And as a reminder, our outsourcing bookings in particular can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. Let me give you some details first in consulting. In management consulting, bookings moderated this quarter, down a bit from our first quarter high. Notably, however, bookings reflected greater client demand for more transformational projects in finance and risk, operations and customer relationship management, all areas that can immediately impact our clients' performance. This demand resulted in larger projects of longer duration and increased focus on business case outcome. Technology consulting bookings were back up this quarter to a record level and reflected continued demand for network transformation, data center consolidation and IT strategy and transformation services for both driving cost savings and increasing the business value of IT spend. Systems integration bookings, steady overall and showing real strength in the Americas, continued to reflect client demand to implement, modernize and advance enterprise-wide ERP systems. Demand continues to grow for cloud solutions, for application re-platforming and also for new software-as-a-service solutions from both the established technology players, as well as from newer SaaS providers. Turning to outsourcing. Our bookings in technology outsourcing reflect continued strength in demand across our operating groups and, geographically, across the Americas, Asia Pacific and parts of Europe. We continue to work closely with many, many clients around the world, enabling them to reduce IT operating costs, to turn fixed costs into variable costs and to improve their IT effectiveness as they continue to work to transform their operations to become more competitive. BPO bookings in Q3 reflect continued demand for both our cross-industry offerings, especially finance and accounting, and for our industry-specific solutions, notably Accenture Credit Services and Financial Services. We are pleased with our BPO business, which is building momentum and share in key markets, particularly in the Americas. Finally, we had bookings of over $100 million with 8 clients. One last point on outsourcing. I am pleased with the continued expansion in our outsourcing pipeline, particularly with the increase in larger opportunities. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the third quarter were $7.15 billion, an increase of 6% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency over the same period last year. As we had expected, these revenues reflect a foreign change impact of negative 3% compared with Q3 last year. These revenues were at the midpoint of our guided range of $7.05 billion to $7.25 billion. Consulting revenues were $3.97 billion in the third quarter, consistent with last fiscal year in U.S. dollars and up 3% in local currency. Very strong local currency growth in Asia Pacific and single-digit growth in the Americas was offset by a modest decline in EMEA. Business case-driven projects continue to grow and contribute to our consulting revenues. What we see less of right now is very small project work, which means that bookings overall did not convert to revenues as quickly as we had seen in recent quarters. Outsourcing revenues were $3.19 billion, an increase of 16% in U.S. dollars and 19% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reached record-high levels this quarter and were broad-based across the different dimensions of our business where we are building market share. All 5 operating groups posted strong double-digit revenue growth in outsourcing, as did the 3 geographic regions and the majority of our industry groups as well. I'll take you through some details by operating group. Health & Public Service revenues increased 13% in local currency, reflecting very significant growth in health again this quarter, led by consulting across all geographic regions. Our health offerings are resonating in the market, including connected health and health administration. Our strategy to reposition our Public Service business is yielding results. Solid growth this quarter reflected outsourcing work in different parts of the world to enable governments to save costs and increase effectiveness, particularly in defense and human services. The Products operating group, our largest, had local currency revenue growth of 11%, driven by strong growth in outsourcing globally and led by our technology offerings, notably in the retail and life sciences industries. Consulting revenue growth was very strong in the Americas and Asia Pacific. Though we had a slight decline in EMEA consulting overall, we saw our ERP and sales and marketing offerings in retail and industrial equipment posting growth there. We are also pleased that we continue to see the deepening of our client relationships across our global portfolio. Communications, Media and Technology revenues increased 8% in local currency. Significant outsourcing growth was driven by our clients' continued focus on improving their operations, including a short-term increase related to a contract with a client in Europe. CMT's consulting revenue declined. This was most pronounced in EMEA as certain clients in some markets are more cautious and are reducing or deferring investment in consulting projects. In CMT overall, we continue to see more longer-term application support and business process outsourcing engagements and fewer large system integration projects. We expect this to continue and are focused on meeting our clients' evolving needs, particularly in Europe and in communications globally. Financial Services revenues also increased 8% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues reflected very significant growth, driven by strong demand across our industry groups in the Americas and Asia Pacific. This strong growth was driven by our current services and IT infrastructure offerings. Consulting revenues fell slightly overall, reflecting a decline in EMEA and flatness in the Americas as the market uncertainty in the banking and capital markets industries continues. This was offset by strong consulting growth in insurance across all geographic regions as demand was driven by a focus on IT infrastructure projects. And in addition, banking in Asia Pacific reflected significant consulting growth, also driven by our IT infrastructure offerings. Finally, Resources revenues also grew 8% in local currency, with significant growth in our energy industry around the world, along with moderate growth overall in natural resources and chemicals and a modest year-on-year decline in our utilities industry. Strong growth in outsourcing reflected demand for flexible, cost-effective sourcing to meet increased demand in ongoing operations. Consulting growth moderated and continued to be driven by programs supporting global operating models and a focus on driving short-term efficiencies. In summary, this broad-based revenue growth reflects continuing strength in outsourcing, with demand across many of the industries we serve and strong growth in key countries, in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, as well as in a number of our priority emerging markets, including China and South Africa. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 33.1% compared with 34.4% for the same period last year, a 130 basis point decrease. Considering the cost base we manage, nearly 80% of our costs and most of our payroll costs are part of cost of services to yield our gross margin. The largest part of that is costs charged directly to contracts, and contract profitability was up slightly for Accenture overall. Of the remainder, payroll costs that were higher in this year's third quarter gross margin included 3 contract costs, holiday time and some impacts from other investments we made in offerings and acquisitions. Sales and marketing expense was $854 million or 11.9% of net revenues compared with $832 million or 12.4% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, a 50 basis point decrease in these costs in relation to revenue. We had lower payroll costs in relation to revenue here as more went into cost of services activities, as I just mentioned. General and administrative expense was $455 million or 6.4% of net revenues compared with $527 million or 7.8% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, a 140 basis point reduction in G&A expense due primarily to the $75 million provision for litigation matters that was recorded in Q3 last year, which accounts for 110 basis points. The remaining 30 basis points was a result of our continued focus on driving efficiencies in our cost base as we grow our business. Operating income was $1.06 billion, reflecting a 14.8% operating margin. This compares with $949 million or 14.1% operating margin in the third quarter last year, an increase of 70 basis points. Year-to-date, our operating margin is up 40 basis points, which reflects our management of overall payroll, our investment decisions and other operating costs for the size of our business, with the objective of achieving modest operating margin expansion this fiscal year. In terms of operating groups, Financial Services' operating income decreased year-over-year, and operating margins fell due primarily to higher pre-contract costs, as well as costs related to recent acquisitions. However, the trajectory in Financial Services is back on a positive track. Additionally, the repositioning of our Health & Public Service business is yielding improvements in operating margin, and Products continues on a positive trajectory as well. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.5% compared with 27% for the third quarter last year. The higher rate in the third quarter this year was primarily due to a net increase in reserve and changes in the geographic mix of income, partially offset by higher benefits related to final determinations of tax liabilities for prior years. Net income was $763 million for the third quarter compared with $699 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 9%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.03 compared with $0.93 in the third quarter last year, an increase of 11%. This $0.10 increase is made up of $0.10 from higher revenue and operating results, $0.02 from a lower share count, offset by a $0.02 decrease from a higher effective tax rate. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.13 billion rounded, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.22 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $90 million. Speaking of cash, our total cash balance at May 31 was $5.6 billion and compares with $5.7 billion at the end of August. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding were 30 days, up from 29 days last quarter and down from 32 in Q3 last fiscal year. Turning to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global headcount of more than 249,000 people, and we now have more than 154,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q3, our utilization was 87%, flat with Q2. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 13%, up compared with 12% in Q2 and down from 15% in Q3 last fiscal year. Lastly, we continue to expect to hire at least 60,000 people around the world this year. Before I turn things back to Pierre, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. On May 15, 2012, we made our second semi-annual dividend payment for fiscal '12 in the amount of $0.675 per share, bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to $951 million. Also in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 10.7 million shares for $653 million at an average price of $60.97 per share. And year-to-date, we've purchased 24.7 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion and $56.90 per share. We are on track to deliver at least a 2% reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding this fiscal year. At May 31, we had approximately $4.8 billion of share repurchases already remaining. To sum up, our Q3 results reflect Accenture people's relentless focus on being relevant to our clients and bringing value to their business needs in this dynamic environment. We are focused both on executing well on the business we have and on driving the business we will have in the future. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre who will give you an update on some transformational work we are doing with clients, and then I will finish up with our business outlook.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. As you just heard, our results demonstrate that our services and offerings remain very relevant to our clients, and we are fully mobilized to continue to drive profitable growth. Let me start by sharing our view on the macroeconomic environment. We continue to monitor global economic conditions very closely. We have seen renewed challenges around the sovereign debt issue in Europe, as well as confirmation of a slowdown in the forecast for the global economic growth. In this context, our highly diverse portfolio of business serves us very well as we are leveraging new capabilities and technologies to bring innovative solutions to clients across many different industries and geographic markets. At the same time, we are accelerating the execution of our strategy to seize new opportunities in the marketplace. Overall, we see strong demand for our services as our clients, the leaders in their industries, continue to see the need to transform their businesses to address the challenges of globalization, consolidation, regulation and technology innovation. Here are a few examples of how we are leveraging the full depth and breadth of our capabilities to help clients drive transformation and achieve very tangible results. We are helping the U.S. Army streamline business processes to create a single source for financial, property, cost management and performance data at more than 200 locations worldwide. This is one of the largest ERP system in the world, processing more than 1 million transactions a day and supporting a $140 billion general fund. With access to high-quality, real-time data, our client can make more informed decisions to better leverage resources and plan for the future. We're helping a large Europe-based retailer go green and go mobile. We implemented a new supply chain designed to encourage recycling and ultimately reduce costs for the client, cutting their environmental footprint by as much as 50%. And we are helping them build a global mobile platform that will enable their customers to shop and quickly pay for purchases using their mobile devices. Many of our clients are seeking technology innovation to develop new capabilities, and this is driving demand for our services. We are working with a global health care company to transform its digital marketing capabilities by migrating more than 1,500 websites for nearly 100 different brands across 65 countries to a single cloud-based platform. The new integrated platform will enable the company to reduce costs significantly and connect directly with physicians and health care providers around the world. We are helping a leading global consumer goods company build and manage digital marketing campaigns to support more than 100 brands globally through new channels, including the Web and mobile devices. We now produce and deliver these campaigns in more than 20 languages across 60 countries and are using analytics to measure their effectiveness. We continue to drive geographic expansion, focusing on a number of growth markets, both mature underpenetrating markets, as well as our 10 priority emerging markets. Our business in the United States is performing very well. We are continuing to gain market share and are investing to expand the range of innovative services and capabilities we provide to clients. Earlier this fiscal year, we acquired Zenta and formed Accenture Credit Services to help mortgage lenders originate and service loans more efficiently. Accenture Credit Services is now serving more than 75 institutions, including 4 of the 5 largest U.S. banks, making Accenture one of the top 3 third-party mortgage processing providers in the U.S. In our priority emerging markets, we are particularly pleased with our performance in China, where we are helping clients transform to compete more effectively. We are working with a major Chinese utility to develop a new smart grid strategy to build an eco-friendly smart grid to provide them -- more than 1 billion people with reliable, clean and cost-efficient electricity. At the same time that we are working with clients to transform their businesses and improve operation, our global leadership team continues to run Accenture with a relentless focus on cost efficiency and operational excellence to deliver against our commitments. With that, let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. Over to you, Pam.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. This business outlook for fiscal year 2012 includes fourth quarter revenues and our last quarterly view on the year. As we head into the last quarter of our fiscal 2012, we feel the volatility and economic uncertainty around the world, and we expect it to continue. Although the demand environment is uneven in spots, particularly in consulting, there are many areas of strengths, particularly in outsourcing. So with that in mind, let me share how that factors into our view of Q4 and the full fiscal year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.6 billion to $6.85 billion, which assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 7% for the quarter. We saw a significant deterioration of FX rates beginning in late May, which had a substantial effect on our Q4 FX assumption, as well as an impact for the full year. Taking that into account, for the full fiscal year, we have updated our prior assumption of negative 1% and now assume a foreign exchange impact of negative 2%. Based on our year-to-date results of 12% revenue growth in local currency and the outlook just provided for Q4, we continue to expect our fiscal '12 revenue to be in the range of 10% to 12% growth in local currency and not lower than 10.4%. Consistent with what we shared last quarter, we expect strong growth in outsourcing to continue and consulting revenue to moderate a little further. We continue to expect bookings to fall within our new bookings range of $28 billion to $31 billion for the fiscal year, and we expect to be toward the upper end of that range, even with the updated foreign exchange impact. We continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%, a 10- to 30-basis-point expansion over the last fiscal year. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28% for fiscal '12. This means that for Q4, we expect the tax rate to be above the annual range. We now expect earnings per share for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.84. We have narrowed our EPS range from an $0.08 range to a $0.04 range for the last quarter of the fiscal year. We have also lowered EPS overall by $0.04 to reflect our updated assumption for the impact of foreign exchange on our revenues for the year. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.55 billion to $3.85 billion, with property and equipment additions of $350 million and, as a result, free cash flow to continue to be in the range we provided last quarter of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. We remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we continue to expect to return at least $3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by at least 2%. Next quarter, we will provide our business outlook for fiscal '13. We see good opportunities shaping up across our operating groups in most markets around the world, and our goal continues to be to grow ahead of the market and build market share. We will provide more detail when we announce our fourth quarter results and provide fiscal year '13 guidance in 3 months time. As we close out fiscal year '12, we are focused on driving profitable revenue growth, continuing our market share gains, maintaining a strong balance sheet and, as always, generating significant free cash flow. KC, let's take some questions.
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. [Operator Instructions] Tom, would you provide instructions for those in the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Darrin Peller, representing Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you comment a bit more specifically on what you're actually seeing in Europe around specific growth rates of consulting and outsourcing? I know you mentioned that consulting was down, but I think outsourcing is obviously doing extremely well. And then would you also be able to provide some insight into whether you expect any different types of impact from Europe or financials, or perhaps other macro economically sensitive spots on your fiscal '13 outlook at some point? I know it's a little early on the '13 outlook at this point.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I guess I will take the question on Europe. And so -- I mean, we continue to remain positive with the situation in Europe. Indeed, what we've seen is some moderation of our growth in consulting, perhaps as you've noticed. Very strong and positive growth in the outsourcing. The second point is when you look at Europe, you need to look at that part of the world country by country. On a year-to-date basis, we've been growing in most of our countries, if not all the countries in Europe. And indeed, in Q3, we're still growing in many of those markets, including Finland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland. Modest growth even in Spain, Germany. And I'm almost embarrassed to mention that there is one country showing a decline in Q3, and that country is France. And probably it's a place where I will need to show more leadership. Pam, you want to explain this?
Pamela J. Craig: Sure. So I think the -- in my comments, I tried to highlight that there is one spot in Europe where we are a little more focused, and that's in communications, media and technology consulting. I think there is -- as Pierre mentioned, there's other areas. I mean, outsourcing is strong overall in Europe, and consulting has some patches like this. The Financial Services, I would say, is holding its own despite the market there, in banking, et cetera. But those are the patches where we're watching and looking to see how we continue to evolve to serve our clients there. Does that get at it, Darrin? I'm...
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think it does help. Yes. I mean, really what I'm trying to look for is just behavioral practices by clients in Europe. I mean, is there anything different about the way that you're winning bookings, whether its sales cycle or pricing or anything else in the practices of the European client base or even Financial Services. But -- I mean, it sounds like it's pretty broadly unique per vertical and per country.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think that we have a long tradition of local leadership there that -- with many great companies that are our clients. And those companies are focused on being as competitive as they can be, given the constraints of their environment, both locally and, in many cases, globally. And so I think that we are well positioned to help them save money, become more efficient and grow their businesses.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just -- I guess I wanted to ask -- your tone obviously was pretty clear, and the results were good, especially relative from your offshore peers where we've seen a lot more variability. So I guess my question is there, what do you think is driving that variability versus what you've -- what you're reporting? Is it as simple as your diverse business mix? Or is there a structural shift going on in tech services that maybe we can talk about, if you follow my question?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, to answer your question and -- I mean, we truly believe here, because we have been shaping that strategy, that we are executing the right strategy and probably starting with clients. I mean, for a long, long time now, we've been focusing on these large leaders, local or global. And it's happened in the current environment, the leaders, they continue to invest because they have to transform. I mean, that's probably what that is. And I mean, the trends we're talking about are extraordinary deep and profound outside. I mean, what we're calling the -- I mean, the globalization, the consolidation. Look at the regulation and all those technology innovation, are putting some significant pressure on those companies to continue transforming and, especially, probably in some industries such as banking, I know personally very well, where you're clearly in a new normal environment, or even communication, when the market is transforming rapidly, it's creating an environment where those companies, they have to transform their operations and using the capabilities we are providing at scale. And mainly, on the global footprint, either in the outsourcing, which is extremely vibrant, or in the consulting, especially when it comes to the, what I would call, the new. Around the new technology, around the cloud, mobile. I mean, you probably heard me talking a lot around cloud-based mobile analytics, because all those new technologies are providing good business cases and good return for the companies. So that's the environment. And the fact that we articulated our strategy around the giants or the big -- the leaders, sorry, industry differentiation, new technology, geographic expansion and all of these, with maximum rigor and discipline in running Accenture, is paying off.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, yes. No, that's good. So I guess as my follow-up, I'll ask just -- I get the deferring fiscal '13 guidance. That makes a lot of sense. I'm actually glad you're doing that. But just to clarify, your fourth quarter implied guidance on revenue growth, it looks like, I think, 6% to 9% in constant currency. I know the comps are obviously going to get tougher. So based on math and just this exit rate in the fourth quarter, should we assume something a bit south of 6% and 9%, with the fourth quarter run rate to be a starting point to think about fiscal '13? Just trying to think about the high-level comps and exit rates and things like that. Anything you can clarify there?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think your math's roughly right on the fourth quarter, Tien-Tsin. And just to kind of give you a little more details on that, we continue to see similar strength in outsourcing of mid to high teens. And I think, in consulting, it could be as much as this quarter to a modest decline, just in terms of the range we see there. And I think as we shape up next year, we believe that we will see growth in consulting. And we also believe that outsourcing will continue to be healthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois, representing Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. So I think you guys know. I think it's very prudent to not give formal guidance at this point for fiscal '13. But let me ask a few more questions about some of the key forward-looking trends just to help out on that front. So again, in Europe, your local currency revenue growth is now at 4%. The question I have about Europe -- I mean, clearly, there's a lot of indication in Europe that interest in outsourcing is on the rise, or at least has been on the rise in the last year. Is there enough outsourcing pipeline activity in Europe to offset the weakness in the consulting market overall, such that you can hold your European growth to a positive rate, even though you're at 4% right now?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will comment overall on the outsourcing, and I think Pam will provide some comments around the pipeline. Outsourcing in Europe, we're pretty positive in outsourcing in Europe for the following reasons. I mean, as you know, outsourcing heats you up so to speak, through U.K. and the Nordic countries for all sorts of reasons. And what we've seen recently and the last quarters, it is indeed outsourcing now. There is a greater acceptance, if you will, in all the Continental Europe countries, and this is driving a new source for growth in outsourcing business. And so that dynamic now is starting and is creating a bigger market for outsourcing in Europe. Pam?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. And we do see our pipeline up in outsourcing in Europe. So I think that supports that thesis, Rod. And I mean, to your point, I think we expect to continue to hold our own with the strength there and then work to evolve on the consulting business, which is definitely holding up in some industries in Europe. And then in other areas, we need to evolve it.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of a follow-up to carry that discussion to the margin front, you're clearly going to have better growth in outsourcing over the next year than in consulting. Should investors be at all worried about your ability to drive incremental margin expansion over the next year in light of the fact that outsourcing growth is clearly outpacing consulting growth?
Pamela J. Craig: No, we don't believe so. I mean, the difference between the consulting and the outsourcing business is we do see more at the contract profitability line in consulting. But then when you consider the rest of the costs that go into our cost base, we are prepared to -- and as you know, we've seen this happen over the course of our history where proportionally, the demand is greater in one than the other. And I am confident that we'll be able to manage that cost base to continue to drive for modest margin expansion.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: All right. And then Pam, just to close here, a clarification on something you said earlier. I think you implied that your growth in the August quarter, the growth gap between consulting and outsourcing should be similar in the August quarter as it was in the May quarter. If that's accurate, would you expect a similar gap between outsourcing and consulting growth to continue in fiscal '13, based on the trends that you're seeing right now? Or would that gap potentially widen in fiscal '13? Or should it stay about the same?
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, you were the one who said that you were glad that I was not giving guidance for fiscal '13. So not going to do it.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. I was just asking about the gap between the 2 segments rather than actual numbers. But I understand the reason to defer on that.
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, Pam, you stated, for consulting, moderate growth to maybe a moderate decline in constant currency in the fourth quarter. But I guess in answer to another question, you said you thought it would be positive in fiscal year '13. So I guess how do we know that it's bottoming out? And how do you have any sense, I guess maybe looking at the pipeline, that things are likely not to get a lot worse?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I think the way the pipeline is shaping up and the way we see the business shaping up going forward is that we believe we're going to hold our own there, Bryan. And I'm not going to lay out the quarter-by-quarter thing, but we just believe that we will have growth overall next year in consulting.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just for modeling purposes, if FX stayed the exact same or if the rates stayed the same, how many points of FX headwinds should we be thinking about for fiscal year '13?
Pamela J. Craig: We haven't flowed all that out yet, and so we'll be prepared to give you our assumption next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quickly, on the EPS ranges for the fourth quarter, just to make sure I think we've done the math right here, is it implied around $0.80 to $0.84 on the high end and the low end of the ranges for the EPS for the fiscal fourth quarter?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I gave you the year, so we can quickly calculate the...
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Yes, I think -- and that's what we're kind of backing into. I just want to make sure I understand that, that -- that all of that's just the currency adjustment, that there isn't anything else in there. The constant currency revenue growth looks okay, so I'm just maybe trying to back into what else it could be that would have that huge hit.
Pamela J. Craig: No. It's $0.84 to $0.88, and we took into account the new currency assumption for the year.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what would be the implied margin? Did you guys give that?
Pamela J. Craig: For the fourth quarter?
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fourth quarter, yes.
Pamela J. Craig: We gave it for the year, which is math [ph] right there.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And if we look at the comments, or the comments that you just made about consulting being up, if you look at the last 2 quarters and now, I think this is the first quarter where your consulting headcount is actually down for the first time. How do you help us map back to the expectation that consulting could be up next year when your headcount in consulting is actually beginning to come down?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I don't know how you know what our consulting headcount is, because we gave you total headcount and then also the Global Delivery Network. And of course...
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's in your statement that you sent out, the updated briefing book. It has headcount numbers in it. And there's a consulting line in there for headcount, for workforce.
Pamela J. Craig: I'm looking at our marketing communications person, and she's saying no. So I don't know. So here's what I do know, that our headcount is up 3,000 people, including in our Global Delivery Network. In fact, on a net basis, that's where it all is. And those people work on consulting work, too, so it's not -- so this is -- and again, we don't give a specific consulting headcount per se.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Montgomery Scott.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to go back to something that you said in your prepared comments, Pam. You talked about a slowdown in bookings conversion. I wonder if you could just expand on that. Is that hesitancy on the clients' part? Have you seen any change in decisions? Is that coming from one particular geography?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we don't see a delay in decisions. We do see some changes in demand patterns. So for example, in management consulting, we saw less of the very small projects and the same in system integration, and that's concentrated in Europe. Less of the really small stuff. And so we did see that some of that bigger stuff that's coming through in management consulting has been converting to revenue a little slower on an overall basis as you look at the whole map.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just taking a look, a quick snapshot of Europe, what are the chances of -- I mean, let me just ask it 2 different ways. Any changes in the sizes of the contracts over there and the pricing? And have you seen any signs of contagion, I guess, across the continent? And any of that -- any chance of that slipping into North America as of the last time you checked on the business?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. Let me let Pierre go for first and then...
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I think, overall, to answer on the pricing, and I think I can mention Europe before we answer on a broader basis, pricing is remaining stable. The environment is competitive, but the pricing is remaining stable. So no sign on this. Now I mean, so far, we have no sign of contagion, if you will. If you look at our results in Q3, America has been growing double-digits. And as I mentioned, we are very pleased with the situation in the United States, holding costs. And we have a strong double-digit in APAC in our business. So no sign of contagion at that point in time.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'll then sneak one last one in. Any change in sentiment in North America?
Pamela J. Craig: We don't see a change in sentiment in terms of our demand patterns in North America.
Pierre Nanterme: And just to -- I mean, let's elaborate a second on this. I mean, what we know is all those companies, and especially the large U.S. corporations, been working extremely hard these last 3, 4 years to streamline their operation, to build a very strong cash position and to put that in the situation to invest in further effectiveness. So our clients in the U.S. are strong companies with strong cash positions.
Pamela J. Craig: Just to one of your points, just on the pricing, is that we do see a continuation of work moving to our Global Delivery Network. And so on the margin, that puts a little bit of pressure on the top line, but that's not pricing per se, and it does allow us to very effectively offer good cost savings opportunities to our clients.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of David Grossman representing Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If I look back over time, the business remained remarkably stable in 2009, despite some pretty significant economic and FX headwinds. Is there anything materially different about the business model today, that we should consider that with the impact of resiliency of the model, plus or minus if the economic situation deteriorates any further?
Pamela J. Craig: Like what? What are you thinking? I mean...
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, you held -- revenue, I think, was down a couple hundred basis points, and you were able to hold earnings flat despite some pretty significant headwinds, both in terms of the industry, the economy and currency. And I'm just wondering, is there anything different about the model that would impact the resiliency? Or is the model as resilient today, if not more so, than it was a couple of years ago?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I guess my reaction is that we're more resilient in the sense that we're bigger, more diverse. We have certainly, I think, worked really hard in terms of our positioning with our clients, and the clients are in better shape. And so I think there's a lot that's different about today's environment. And so I'd just offer that.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. No, I think you're absolutely right, Pam. I mean, first, the crisis is different. I mean, what happened in '08 is the business stopped, and the business stopped because the money flows stopped. And so that was the situation. Of course, we -- our clients are absolutely not in the same situation as '08 or '09. I mean, the money -- there's no liquidity crunch, and we know that all the central banks are working extraordinary hard to provide liquidity to the financial system. So we do not -- there is not a kind of out stop [ph] because there is no blood in the company bodies, so to speak. So now what we are doing with our strategy is just working extraordinary hard to continue making the business as diverse as possible and having multiple growth engines from an industry standpoint, from a business standpoint, from an offering standpoint and from a geographic standpoint. So that's part one of our strategy. Diversification around the professional services business, together with running the -- our business as a tight ship so we are prepared to be extraordinary flexible in the way we are running our operation to face whatever might happen in the market, and we are doing that consistently quarter after quarter.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just as a quick follow-up, Pam, I think you gave a metric last quarter, if I'm remembering right, about contracted revenue over the next couple of quarters. Do you happen to have an update for that number?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, and it's very similar. Right now, we have 13% more revenue under contract over the next 4 quarters versus this time last year. And that is driven by strength in outsourcing. So this is, I think, good visibility. But of course, the rest has to fill in as it always does.
Operator: We have a question from Keith Bachman, representing the Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My first question relates to bookings. Over the last 3 quarters, on a constant currency annual basis, bookings growth has gone from 20% to 15% to 6%, I think. Q4 is a very tough compare, so I'm not sure the growth rate will be meaningful. So my question is, Pam, what's the right way to think about the bookings growth rate as we get into -- exit Q4 and get into '13? Is it mid-single digits? Is it high-single digits? Any color you can give us on what's sustainable.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think -- I mean, consulting and outsourcing bookings are a little different. Outsourcing tends to be more lumpy. So we -- and we do look at the book-to-bills. And I think that was very important, and they will always be very important. This thing that I find interesting about this Q4 is that we already have 3 large contracts in this Q4. So I think we're off to a good start in that sense. And I mean, as always, I guess the book-to-bill is the most important thing.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Well, I guess I'll go to my second question then. Financial Services continues to generate a lot of concern surrounding what's the growth rate there. The actual constant currency growth rate was 8%. It was actually pretty good, I think. When you think about the dynamics, particularly with the large money center banks in U.K. and Europe, is that a sustainable number here as you look out? Or do you think the growth rate there will decline and you'll have to offset it in other areas?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will not comment on the growth rate, but I will comment on the industry and why indeed you've seen this 8% this quarter and a good growth, even when compared to some of our competitors. Again, what we've seen -- it's an industry, especially -- but first, we grow very well in the insurance, across the path -- the patch, both in consulting and outsourcing. So let's focus maybe around banking. And all those banks are under a big pressure, mainly in Europe being compliant to the Basel III new regulation. And so that's something you can't escape. I mean, Basel III is coming, and the banks will have to comply, both from a regulatory standpoint but from an operational standpoint, to what Basel III is all about. And of course, the first impact is around their -- I mean, to reshape their operations to change to breakeven, which means that they need to rethink their operating model in a way which is extremely profound. And that's why you've seen that outsourcing in Europe in Financial Services has been so vibrant. It is because there is an imperative for those institutions to comply with the new normal of the Basel III, and they have to do it.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I agree. We're positive on the opportunities and the pipeline we see in Financial Services, including in Europe, and it's because of these trends and how much in a big way these trends hit the Financial Services industry.
Operator: The question is from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was curious a little bit about the pharmaceutical industry, if you could talk about the opportunity there. Are you seeing an increased pace, a decreased pace? Maybe what kind of work you're doing there and, if possible, size it as a percent of revenue?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, Ed, as you know, I won't size it as a percent of revenue. But I will tell you that we call it life sciences, and I actually mentioned it a little bit in my comments. And we did see good growth in that industry overall globally, and we see many good opportunities shaping up there.
Pierre Nanterme: Well, yes. And I mean, I'm personally very excited with the prospect offered by that industry. As you know, in all this pharma world, there is something called a patent cliff, which is -- I know with the occurrence of the Basel III, but it's very deep. It's going to create a deep impact on those organization, and they will have to significantly rethink what it is they want to do, what kind of business they want to be in, how are they going to move to the generic compared to the other part of their business and so forth. So what I feel is, indeed, pharma should and could offer good opportunities for transformation, given what's happening with this patent cliff kind of event.
Edward S. Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My other question is on the reduction in the capital expenditure assumption for this year. And I realize there's probably some rounding going on here. But normally, you have a step up in CapEx spend in the fourth quarter. It looks like it'll be very modest this year. Is this -- are you just pushing some sort of building rollouts forward? Or can you give a little color on what it is that you're pulling back on?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, sometimes the guys kind of overestimate a little bit. So I would say that it's just a little prudence in spending and then there is some foreign exchange impact there as well.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line with -- from Ashwin Shirvaikar, representing Citibank.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess the first question is about bookings. Are you observing any change in decision-making speed or process there? In other words, what I'm trying to get at is when it comes outsourcing, are you required to take on employees or assets anymore than in the past? Or when it comes to consulting, the duration of the contracts bookings that you discussed, shrinking or continuing to shrink? Any changes?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, we do see -- as would be natural, right, that there is evolutions in demand patterns. And I think it's fair to say, in this environment, clients are careful, right? They're dotting the Is and crossing Ts. They're trying to make sure the business cases are good, which I think is all very positive. We are not taking assets on in outsourcing. And again, I think there, we haven't seen any, like, long -- I forget what the phrase is, the aging. We don't see that going up in terms of what's in our pipeline, how long things are in there. We continue to see good win rates, and that stuff is cycling through the pipeline. That really hasn't changed, so...
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. No, I don't believe we could identify kind of across the patch -- pattern on this. I mean, you need to look at the situation and look client by client. And based on their environment, we can have even some clients making decisions extremely rapidly, because they feel that they need to move at speed and at scale to transform. And we have some retransactions. We've been moving quite quickly. And you have other transactions in the context with some clients, because of a very contingent situation where they are thoughtful and they would take a little bit more time to make that decision. So it's really a kind of client-by-client situation, more than a kind of across-the-board pattern.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on outsourcing demand, is that more leaning towards applications outsourcing where margins can actually be quite high? Or is it more towards BPO and infrastructure-type work where we do have that initial spend that you have to do?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, applications outsourcing continues to be very strong for us. Clearly, a sweet spot of ours, and we do, do the others as well and growth has been up in both. And I think in BPO, we're continuing to really evolve that business to become much more value-added, and we are building share there.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So more platform-based BPOs. So that's good.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes.
Pierre Nanterme: Thanks again to all of you for joining us today. We believe that our results in Q3 and year-to-date demonstrate that we are executing the right strategy, a strategy that resonates with our clients. Our highly diversified portfolio of business continues to position us well to drive profitable growth in the current economic environment. And I can assure you that the 249,000 women and men of Accenture are focused on delivering results for our clients but as well for our shareholders. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. And also, we look forward to seeing many of you in person at our Investor and Analyst Day in New York in October when our leadership team will provide an update on our business strategy to further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for a follow-up. All the best.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7 p. m. this evening and running through September 27 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 248732. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-03-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: KC McClure -  Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Senior Director of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Ryan, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Announcement. As Ryan just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relation. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2012, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factor section of our annual review on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate, to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Our excellent results for the second quarter, including strong top and bottom line growth, demonstrate that our strategy continues to resonate with our clients and that we are running our business with rigor and discipline. Here are a few highlights. We generated new bookings of nearly $8 billion. Revenues were $6.8 billion, up 13% in local currency, with all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions delivering double-digit local currency growth. We delivered very strong earnings per share of $0.97, an increase of 29%. Operating income was $889 million, an increase of 15% over last year. And we continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.6 billion.  In addition, I'm very pleased that we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which brings the total dividend payments for the year to $1.35 per share. And given our very strong results for the first half of fiscal year 2012, we are raising our outlook for revenue growth and EPS for the full year. Now let me hand over to Pam, who will review the numbers in greater details. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to share more about Accenture's excellent second quarter financial results for our fiscal '12. New bookings were again strong, just shy of $8 billion. Revenue came in at the top end of the range we guided to last quarter, and EPS for Q2 were very strong. Revenue growth was broad-based across our operating groups and geographic regions, with outsourcing growth higher than consulting for most of those dimensions. Our performance through the first half of the year and into calendar 2012 positions us well to achieve our targets for the full fiscal year. Now let's get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $7.94 billion and reflect a negative 1% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the second quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $4.05 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.89 billion. Let me give you some color on new bookings in the quarter. In management consulting we continued to see strong bookings, reflecting an ongoing client demand for projects that deliver near-term and structural cost takeout, especially in the supply chain. We saw increased demand from clients seeking to drive new revenue through improved sales and marketing effectiveness, and demand also continued for services on large-scale business transformation programs. Turning to technology consulting, our bookings reflect the demand for network transformation, data center consolidation and IT rationalization for both driving cost savings and pushing up the business value from IT. Since its integration, bookings continued to reflect client demand to update and implement enterprise-wide ERP systems. We see growing demand for cloud, which is leading to requests for application re-platforming and for Software-as-a-Service solutions from the leading SaaS technology providers. We are also seeing more demand to leverage data management and analytics, mobility, social and digital technologies. We are expanding our capabilities to meet these growing demands. Turning to outsourcing. In technology outsourcing, we see increasing demand across all geographies, including continued strength in Europe, as clients continue to reduce and make variable their IT operating costs so they can channel more IT investments toward the adoption of emerging technologies. We also see healthy demand to help clients transform and manage their networks and infrastructure operations, as well as virtualize and consolidate their data centers to lower operating costs. BPO bookings in Q2 showed particular strength in the Americas. They reflected good demand both for our horizontal offerings, especially finance and accounting and marketing, and for our industry-specific ones, notably Accenture Credit Services and in health through care management services.  Finally, we had bookings of over $100 million at 5 clients.  Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the second quarter were $6.8 billion, an increase of 12% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency from the same period last year. As we expected, these revenues reflect the foreign exchange impact of negative 1% compared with Q2 last year. These revenues were at the top end of our guided range of $6.5 billion to $6.8 billion, driven by strong growth in outsourcing. Consulting revenues were $3.8 billion, an increase of 8% in both U.S. dollars and local currency. Consulting revenue growth was strong in the Americas, very strong in Asia-Pacific and slight in EMEA. Outsourcing revenues were $3 billion, an increase of 19% in U.S. dollars and 20% in local currency and were very strong in each of the 3 geographic regions. Now let me give you some highlights of revenue growth in our operating groups. Communications, Media & Technology revenues increased 17% in local currency, with growth that was strong across the CMT industries and geographically. Outsourcing growth was very strong, driven by communications clients' continued focus on improving their operations and also by an increase, part of which is short term related to a contract in Europe. CMT had modest consulting revenue growth overall. The growth was strong in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, reflecting our clients' continued focus on improving operational effectiveness and customer service and on launching new products and services. The Products operating group, our largest, had local currency revenue growth of 16%, driven by strong broad-based growth across most of the products industries around the world. Outsourcing revenue was very strong, driven by notably higher technology outsourcing work versus last year. Led by our retail industry, consulting revenue growth was also strong overall, with the exception of some parts of consulting in EMEA. Resources revenues grew 12% in local currency, with strong growth in our energy and natural resources industries around the world, including some of our priority emerging markets. Strong growth in outsourcing reflected demand for flexible, cost-effective sourcing to meet increased demand in ongoing operations. Consulting growth continued to be driven by programs supporting global operating models and the focus on driving short-term efficiencies. In Financial Services, revenues grew 10% in local currency, reflecting very strong growth in outsourcing across the FS industries. This growth reflects clients' focus on cost takeout and operational effectiveness, and we expect this to remain an even stronger imperative across these industries globally. We did see modest consulting growth overall in Financial Services. This is driven by strong growth in insurance; slight growth in banking led by Asia-Pacific; and partially offset by a decline in capital markets. Health & Public Service revenues also increased 10% in local currency, reflecting very significant growth in health again this quarter, led by consulting in North America and Asia-Pacific. This reflects a strong focus on our health offerings, which Pierre will give you more color on shortly. Our repositioning of our public service business continues to go well. The PS business grew modestly this quarter, including strong growth in Asia-Pacific and was led by demand for our offerings in human services. In summary, our bookings and revenue results reflect continuing strong and more focused demand across the industries we serve. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 31.1%, down from 31.7% in Q2 last year, a 60 basis point decrease reflecting lower contract profitability in 2 operating groups, Financial Services and Health & Public Service, partially offset by higher contract profitability in the other 3, Products, CMT and Resources. Sales and marketing costs were $772 million or 11.4% of net revenues compared with $710 million or 11.7% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, a 30 basis point decrease in these costs in relation to revenue. Selling costs were down more than that, which has created some room to invest more in our offerings. General and administrative costs were $454 million or 6.7% of net revenues compared with $435 million or 7.2% of net revenues for the second quarter last year, a 50 basis point decrease in these costs in relation to revenue. Operating income for the quarter increased 15% to $889 million, resulting in a 13.08% operating margin, compared with $772 million or a 12.74% operating margin for the same period last year, a 34 basis point expansion year-over-year in the quarter. We were pleased with these results this quarter as we continue to be focused on managing the business to deliver operating income and modest operating margin expansion in conjunction with revenue growth. Now on operating income and margin for the operating groups. First, on Products, we are pleased with the trajectory of improved products profitability. Second, on Resources, the very strong operating margin results this quarter were driven by more efficient selling costs and improved contract profitability and also reflected a minor onetime upward adjustment. Third, the drop in operating margin in Financial Services reflected impacts from costs related to recent acquisitions, delivery and efficiencies on a few contracts and higher selling costs in relation to revenue. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.5% compared with 26.9% in the second quarter last year. This lower rate in the quarter was due to higher benefits related to final determinations of tax liabilities for prior years, partially offset by increases in tax reserves. Net income was $714 million for the second quarter compared with $566 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 26%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.97 compared with $0.75 in the second quarter last year, an increase of 29%. This $0.22 increase reflects $0.11 from higher revenue and operating results, $0.08 from a lower effective income tax rate, $0.02 from the lower share count and $0.01 from higher nonoperating income. Free cash flow for the quarter was $772 million rounded, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $858 million, net of property and equipment additions of $85 million. Turning to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global headcount of more than 246,000 people, and we now have more than 151,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q2, our utilization was 87%, flat with Q1. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations was 12%, also flat with Q1 and down from 14% in Q2 last fiscal year. We continue to expect to hire more than 60,000 people around the world this year. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding were 29 days, down from 32 days last quarter as well as Q2 last year. Across all of these operations mentioned, utilization, attrition, DSOs, our business is performing very well. Finally, I'll comment on our cash and our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our total cash balance at February 29 was $5.6 billion and compared with $5.7 billion at the end of August. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 8.6 million shares for $465 million at an average price of $54.03 per share. Year-to-date, we've purchased 13.9 million shares for $750 million. At February 29, we had $5.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Yesterday, our Board of Directors declared our semiannual cash dividend in the amount of $0.675 per share. This dividend will be paid on May 15, 2012. This is in line with the semiannual dividend of $0.675 we paid in November and represents a $0.225 or 50% increase over the dividend we paid in May of last year. Lastly, we were extremely pleased to learn that Accenture was 1 of 6 companies added last Friday to the S&P 100 index. In summary, our financial results were strong from the top line through the bottom line in the first half of fiscal '12. Our results demonstrate that we are tuned in to the needs of our clients, that we have skills and offerings for services that are in demand and that we are executing with rigor and discipline to meet our financial targets. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you his thoughts on how we are executing on our growth strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our strong results again this quarter demonstrate that our growth strategy is well aligned with the needs of our clients and that we are leveraging marketplace opportunities to drive growth and gain market share across all the key dimensions of our business. Of course, we are watching macroeconomic trends very closely. And despite the slowdown in the forecast for global economic growth, especially in Europe, there are some positive developments such as early signs of improvement in the U.S. economy as well as progress to stabilize the eurozone sovereign debt situation. In my recent conversations with the CEOs of our clients, it is clear that the marketplace foresees driving the need for large-scale transformation are still here. And in this context, our growth strategy continues to be extremely relevant to our clients. Talking about clients. Over the last 6 months, we have increased the number of Diamond Clients, which are our largest client relationships, across all 5 operating groups. We continue to operate at the heart of our clients' businesses and to increase not only the number of clients we serve, but also the kinds of services we are providing to them. Operational efficiency continues to be a key area of focus for our clients and is driving significant demand for our services. Let me give you 2 examples. We are helping one of the world's leading insurance companies reduce cost through implementation of a large multiyear network transformation program, which includes a cloud-based Voice-over-IP solution. Our services span 25 countries and include infrastructure expense management, service delivery and security services. In health, which is one of our priority industries, we are using our care management BPO services to help one of the largest U.S. health insurers manage their review and authorization of medical services for patients. We are using analytics to help this client drive down the costs of care management and improve the quality of services provided to patients. Technology innovation is another key lever clients are using to capture new growth opportunities and improve the customer experience. Through Accenture mobility services, we are helping one of the world's leading car manufacturers leverage machine-to-machine computing to integrate in-vehicle and mobility technologies. This solution gives drivers access to navigation and other connected services on a pay-per-use basis, generating new revenue opportunities for the manufacturer. We are working with the governments of Australia and Singapore to implement health information exchanges, which are designed to improve the cost, quality and access to health care for citizens. Health Information Exchanges provide medical professionals with access to real-time information that can be used to make more informed decision and provide better services to patients. And through Accenture Analytics and marketing services, we helped a U.S.-based retailer deliver more than $300 million of incremental annual revenue by using predictive analytics to reallocate marketing spend to our impact channels. As you know, geographic expansion is a key element of our growth strategy. And we are taking steps to significantly increase our leadership presence in Asia-Pacific. David Thomlinson, a member of our Global Management Committee, who leads our geographic strategy and operations, has relocated to Shanghai to work with our local leadership to accelerate the execution of our growth strategy in Asia, particularly China. In addition, last month, we opened a new Accenture Technology Lab in Beijing. One of the key areas of focus for the Beijing lab is how to apply Smart Grid technologies to help with those China's growing energy demands, which is a critical priority for China. And of course, we remain focused on our own operational efficiency. It is all about continuing to run Accenture's business with rigor and discipline in order to increase the competitiveness of everything we do and maximize our return to shareholders. With that, let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. As we head into the second half of our fiscal '12, we are positioned very well. We are pleased with how we have navigated the macro environment, which, as Pierre mentioned, continues to have significant challenges as well as some brighter spots. We continue to be very focused on overall profitable growth in our broad-based global business and on building market share in the markets we are focused on. I'll now provide our outlook for the next quarter's revenue and an update to our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. So here's how we see it shaping up. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $7.05 billion to $7.25 billion, which assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 3% for the quarter. For the full fiscal year, we continue to assume a foreign exchange impact of negative 1%. This reflects the rates we've experienced over the past couple of weeks, which have remained consistent with the assumption we provided last quarter. Turning to revenues. Based on the strong delivery and our year-to-date results of almost 14% growth in local currency and how we see the year as a whole, we now expect our fiscal year 2012 revenue to be in the range of 10% to 12% growth in local currency. We expect continued strong growth in outsourcing and continued moderation in consulting growth. We continue to expect bookings to fall within our annual new bookings range of $28 billion to $31 billion for the fiscal year, although we now expect to be in the top half of that range. We continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%, a 10 to 30 basis point expansion over last fiscal year. You should expect some fluctuations quarter to quarter, as we've seen in the past. Although the effective tax rate for Q2 and year-to-date was lower, we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28% for fiscal '12 and for the tax rate for Q3 and Q4 to be above the annual range. We now expect earnings per share for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $3.82 to $3.90, up $0.06, primarily reflecting our updated assumption for revenue growth. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion, with property and equipment additions of $450 million, and free cash flow in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. We remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we continue to expect to return at least $3 billion through dividends and share repurchases and to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by about 2%. We're very pleased with how our people have delivered for our clients and for Accenture in this time of continued uncertainty in the global economy throughout the first half of our fiscal year. We are working hard to continue to drive profitable growth as we help our clients drive critical value in their businesses while at the same time driving value in ours and for our shareholders. Now, Pierre and I are ready to take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. [Operator Instructions] Ryan, would you provide instructions for those in the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang for JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess I'll ask something on the outsourcing front. You mentioned, I guess last quarter to us that you're not seeing a shift from consulting to outsourcing and that outsourcing is not growing at the expense of consulting. Is that still the case? I'm just trying to get a better sense of how long this interplay between the 2 might persist. Do you follow my question, Pam and Pierre?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think. Just, you do the math, right? The outsourcing is marginally a little bit greater proportion of our business right now, and we see that particularly happening in Financial Services and Communications, Media & Technology. It's been a trend and we expect it to continue to be a trend.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, okay. The -- now that makes sense. And the -- I guess, just on the outsourcing growth, as my follow-up: Is it pretty broad-based or driven by certain large deals? And how would you characterize the risk profile, I would ask, on the outsourcing side versus maybe 2, 3 years ago?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's quite broad-based. We see strong outsourcing growth virtually around the world and pretty much across the operating groups, so this is clearly very good growth. I think in terms of the risk profile, I'll just comment a little bit on our capital committee, it is something that we take very, very seriously in all these deals. I think it's fair to say we're getting better and better at it, and I do not see an increase in the risk profile of our outsourcing work.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, just to add a word on this. I mean definitely, outsourcing is a very relevant response to the clients who have challenges in improving their operational efficiency and their overall performance. And this is true across the patch for all our industries. That's why you can see the kind of acceleration of the demand in outsourcing across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First question on demand and then a quick question on the margin front. On the demand front, Pam, you mentioned in your guidance commentary that your outlook assumes moderation in consulting. Is that moderation in the year-over-year growth rate as comparisons get tougher? Or is that moderation in the actual demand environment and seeing some incremental softening there? Can you kind of clarify whether that's a year-over-year growth rate commentary or a demand trend commentary?
Pamela J. Craig: It's a year-over-year growth rate commentary. We are expecting that the consulting year-over-year growth rate will be more in the mid-single-digits kind of range next quarter, and so it is very much that. We continue to see very good demand, as you can see in the bookings, being over $4 billion. And the demand environment is -- continues to be robust in most parts of the world.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great, that's very helpful. And then on the margin front, I want to focus on the Financial Services vertical there. And I guess there's 2 parts to my question here. Are you seeing any meaningful pricing issues contributing to the margin decline in Financial Services? And did you have any write-off on troubled contracts during the quarter that caused the meaningful drop in the Financial Services margin?
Pamela J. Craig: I would say, Rod, that it is more due to the things that I mentioned a few minutes ago in the sense that we did have a couple of nice-sized acquisitions that came online, and so we planned to have some impact from those. We also did have higher selling costs in Financial Services, and I think that's, in large part, due to there is significant transformation going on in that industry, as you know, and so some of that was planned. And we did have, lastly, some delivery inefficiencies, which would probably go into the category of "we need to work on that a bit more" that also contributed. But the first 2 were more of a planned nature.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Does that mean, looking forward, that the margin should recover after you get past the acquisition cost and then some upfront selling costs on some transformational work?
Pamela J. Craig: We do expect that the Financial Services profitability will tick back up.
Pierre Nanterme: We will be jumping on this, Rod, because I'm historically Mr. FX, so I still have some personal stake on this. And indeed, as you know and as we communicated, banking, insurance and health are industries where we decided to invest because we see the potential on those industries. So it's not a surprise that you can see the impact of our investments in some of the margin. And so far, we are very pleased with the results of those investments in the term of the acquisitions we made and we announced recently with Duck Creek and with Zenta to form Accenture Credit Services. And of course, the other data point is we're pleased to announce that this quarter, in Q2, Financial Services bookings were $2.1 billion, the highest booking ever in the Financial Services history.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros, Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just to pick up on Rod's question there but maybe from a different perspective on the contribution. Because you guys are calling out the acquired impact to the margins, is there a way to think about how much is actually helping on the revenue growth side as well?
Pamela J. Craig: It did have a good contribution to the revenue growth in Financial Services. I'm not going to give you the exact number, but it was meaningful to that growth.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And just have a quick follow-up. When we look at the results, hard to argue with 13% to 14% first half growth and mid-teens trailing 12-month bookings at this point in time. But when you look at the implied growth into the back half of the year at their midpoint of the range, it looks like you guys are implying 8.5%. What would -- I mean, at this point, just given where the growth is right now, especially with bookings as strong as they are, why would you guys expect to decelerate in the back half of the year?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, it's just more how we see the -- how it's shaping up. And when you think about it, it's more like a 7% to 10%, which is, I think, how we saw the business when we started the year and then consulting was running hotter. And now we see it coming back closer to that level, which is a very, very good level. So the moderation is primarily in consulting, and outsourcing continues to be strong.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to drill down on the consulting business, maybe your outlook by region. It sounded like Americas and Asia might have been accelerating, but maybe a little bit of a decel in Europe is expected? Maybe you can just break it down further.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I'm probably -- I'm not going to break it down in terms of numbers, but I think your characterization is fair. Although, we expect moderation to be in the Americas and Asia-Pacific as well as we go forward. But Europe is the one that's lowest in terms of a growth rate right now.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And did Europe deteriorate during the quarter, or it's just -- it's kind of happening to plan? And then just lastly on headcount growth, I noticed sequentially headcount growth didn't grow as much, but you've kept your guidance for at least 60,000 heads for gross hires. So just curious on, is there a timing issue for headcount with this quarter and we should expect it to pick up in the next 2?
Pamela J. Craig: All right, so the first question, okay, the headcount was the -- that's the question I've got here. So there's nothing unusual going on with headcount, Bryan. I mean, it's pretty much -- as you know, we manage supply and demand around the world and that's really all that's going on. So the utilization was at 87%. I think we're being tight and rigorous about that, as we always are, and there's nothing unusual there.
Pierre Nanterme: Then from a consulting standpoint, I am going to jump on that one. I don't think there is anything in Q2 that was not expected or took us by surprise from a consulting standpoint. I think Pam mentioned in prior quarters that indeed, if you're looking at the world macroeconomic environment, it's public knowledge that Europe is more softer from an economic standpoint compared to the rest of the world. We're watching carefully what's happening especially in the Financial Services sector in some part of Europe. It's not the same story if you are looking at the different countries in Europe. And so what's happening there is more happening as planned, and I don't think there is anything that was unexpected.
Pamela J. Craig: Right. And just what's interesting, though, is that the outsourcing demand is quite strong in Europe. So as you can imagine, we're responding to that.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Nate Rozof, Morgan Stanley.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My first question for you is related to the pipeline. I think, after 2 very strong bookings quarter -- last quarter, Pam, you made the comment that there was going to be some work needed to be done in terms of replenishing the pipeline. And now, here we are again with another strong bookings quarter. So I wanted to get your sense on, had you been able to replenish the pipeline? And what was the philosophy of deals moving to the pipeline relative to maybe a quarter ago?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I -- it's a great question and, as you can imagine, something we are very focused on. And I think we have made some good progress in building the pipeline. We do have some more work to do. And again, with the strong bookings, it was, I think, overall very good. One thing I'll just mention because sometimes this relates a little bit to disability, and I've given you this in the past, is that when we look at revenue under contract, we do have 13% more than we did at this time last year both for the next 2 quarters of the fiscal year, but also for the next 4 quarters. So I think that shows you that we're -- that that's building as well.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's terrific. It's good to hear about the visibility. Can you provide any insight in terms of just breaking down into the bookings number a little bit more? Any insight in terms of new wins in that strong bookings number versus renewals and/or any change relative to what's kind of normal at this time of the year?
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think there's anything major to point out there, Nate. I mean, I think one of the things that we were of course looking at last year -- sorry, last quarter, was how the calendar year turn was going to go. And we haven't seen anything notably changed that much in terms of clients' budgets and sort of all of that. So I don't think there's really anything big to point out with respect to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller, Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Pierre, I think you mentioned earlier that, in Europe, you were seeing more outsourcing and I think it's well received, especially just given the historical trends there. So do you think now clients continue to focus on cost takeout? Those historical barriers around cultural factors and labor laws and language are actually really becoming less of a hurdle and you're actually seeing it hit the numbers now, first of all?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, if you look at this, at the demand, I mean, clearly, operational efficiency is extremely important for all the reasons we know. And again, we feel we are extremely well positioned to provide the right answer to that particular agenda. From a consulting standpoint, from an outsourcing standpoint, we have, I think, all the tools, techniques and offerings to tackle that agenda. But at the same time, we see a growing demand for more innovation and using more the technology innovation to drive either more efficiency but, as well, more the revenue agenda of our clients. And what's interesting to see in the marketplace is, indeed, those 2 activities, and it's not a surprise, are picking up at the same time, and clients are investing to be more efficient as well as they're investing to capture more growth opportunities. And we're very pleased, if you will, with those 2 engines for growth.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just one follow-up to that. Is it market share also, are you seeing your win rates increase?
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think -- I mean, our win rates have been up, as I think back over the last year. And I don't think we saw a significant change this quarter in that.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, but it's been -- it's pretty stable, Pam?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg, Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So I just wanted to ask a question regarding SG&A. I mean, you guys have done such a great job over a long period of time there managing the SG&A cost base. And I wanted to get an idea of how much more upside, if you will, remains there to the extent you see opportunity for further cost takeout, what specific areas that might be in. And part of the reason I ask the question is, the gross margins continue to go down year-over-year, I think it's been about 6 straight quarters. But obviously, you managed the business to operating margins and you've been hitting your goals there, but the SG&A piece of the equation obviously becomes even more important if the gross margins continue to slide. So any color you can give us there would be great.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean, I think you're right, right. I mean, I think philosophically, we are looking to manage SG&A to grow slower than revenue, right? And so that's sort of part of our culture that we're really careful with our cost and really manage all that, manage our cost structure with a lot of rigor and discipline. And so I was pleased to see the improvement in the selling cost. You do know that when we invest in the business, that's typically on the sales and marketing line as well. That's where we have our offerings and our initiatives, so we want to make sure that we can do some things there as well and look to do as much as we can but all within this overall framework of, in the end, delivering modest margin expansion.
Pierre Nanterme: And all of this is -- I'm going to jump on this one because it's a kind of mindset, if you will. And probably, you've been hearing me and Pam using a lot "rigor and discipline," which is coming back and coming back. But if we are mentioning that sort, it's only because we mean it. And at the end of the day, rigor and discipline is what you need as a mindset for proper execution. And I think, in that organization, there is a relentless focus on improving productivity and efficiency in everything we do. And there is no reason that will not apply to SG&A as to the rest of our business.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And let me just ask a follow-up on your latest thoughts regarding non-linear growth opportunities at Accenture. You guys now have about 0.25 million employees. And are there some goals you can share with us just in terms of size for your non-linear businesses such as on the Accenture Software side or BPO or other types of IP-based solutions you have in your portfolio? I know you'd talked a bit about this at a past analyst meetings. I wanted to see if there was any update there you could share.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, at the high level, we are a people-based organization. We will grow our headcount and we love that. We love our people, we love growing base, we're used to that. We know how to hire, train, develop, deploy, and that's part of something we will do and we will continue to do. That being said, it is part of our plan to bring more IPs in our system, if you will, to be more differentiated. That we will continue to be a people-based business and grow that way. From an IP standpoint, indeed, we are pleased with the progress we are making either by leveraging the good technologies from our alliance partners. And we are doing that every day to bring our unit industry expertise or by making some focused investments and strategic investments. I mentioned a few we are doing in each and every industry. So we will continue to be more IP-based and to grow indeed that part of our business as well. But the people-based part will remain important.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question is related to the bookings. In the next few quarters, you have obviously very significant ramps related to the contracts that you're signing. You also have a lot of increased headcount coming up, given the relatively flattish headcount this quarter. Are there marginal cash implications in the back half of the year or even slightly beyond that as we look at those ramps?
Pamela J. Craig: What do you mean by marginal cash applications?
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is it going to -- because you're obviously ramping your -- ramping large contracts, there is an initial cost involved. Does it have a negative implication for your gross margins...
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I guess sort of this giant portfolio, thousands of contracts, right. We always have some in their early stages. And that's part of what each operating group manages as they look to deliver each year. So there's nothing unusual there, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, so nothing out of the ordinary, okay. The second question is on Nokia. I guess it's sort of client-specific, and let me take a shot at it even though I know you historically don't answer client-specific questions. You're making buyout offers to the Belgian employees. Is that sort of too early in the process? Is that consistent with your expectations? How's the project growing? I mean, it is Symbian support and we kind of know how Symbian is doing in the market, so a little bit concerned there.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, as you expected, I think when you asked the question, we're not going to comment specifically on a client contract.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Arvind Ramnani with UBS.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. You're continuing to see strength in some of your end markets that are having pressures, specifically Financial Services and Europe. So do you feel like the ongoing pressure that your clients are seeing will continue to drive business your way? Or do you think at some point it will catch up with your overall revenue growth?
Pamela J. Craig: I think the thing that we see is continued robust demand for outsourcing and Financial Services. And we don't see that letting up.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, great. And you also attributed your gross margin pressure to contract profitability. Can you expand on that? Is that driven due to higher contractor costs or due to pressure on bill rates for the contract work?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean I think, as I mentioned, it's in Financial Services and in Health & Public Service. And in those cases where there's things that we wish we do better is what we thought -- we referred to as delivery and efficiencies, and that's more where it takes more cost to deliver something than we thought it would.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just one other quick one. Are you still planning on having your Analyst Day at the -- in April, or is it moved to the fall?
Pamela J. Craig: We are not planning to have it in April. And we, at this point, are looking to do it in the fall. And stay tuned, we'll have an update on that.
Pierre Nanterme: With results reflecting the cycle of our business, so that's why it's moving to the fall.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we think it's better, from the standpoint of our fiscal year.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, great. And I mean, I guess -- would that mean you'll provide guidance only when you hold the Analyst Day for the following fiscal year?
Pamela J. Craig: Stay tuned on that.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess my -- I'm going to try and squeeze 2 even though it's the last 1. But any changes in the spending patterns by clients? Are wallets opening up a little bit here as there's been some macro stability? And what could cause those wallets to shut up?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, as we said, we're looking carefully at the macroeconomic environment. We're talking to our clients every day. We're looking at the analysts' reports no later than this morning, and really, I'm reading all the reports from the economy coming from all around the world. And we are not seeing any significant changing in the current client environment. And we do not see much reason that why things would change, at least things we know.
Pamela J. Craig: Right.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I just want to go back to the first question because it looks like outsourcing is kind of outpacing consulting. Is this -- I mean, is there any linkage at all to the business cycle or [indiscernible] center a part of the cycle where maybe consulting moderates and outsourcing picks up? Or have you been converting those consulting engagements into outsourcing? I'm just trying to get a final feel for that.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I think there is some, what I would call catalyst effect of some of the consulting going into outsourcing, but we haven't really quantified that. But there's a lot of activity under what we've termed framework agreements in outsourcing. And I think that as we mentioned in the comments, right, this relentless focus on cost takeout and getting more operationally efficient, it just really lends itself to doing that kind of work and really helping clients get more fit. And of course, with the -- what's going on with technology, that's really supporting that, too, because there's opportunities through new -- through these new technologies to make some of these IT costs more variable, and that's, of course, very attractive to clients. I think that's it.
Pierre Nanterme: And again, I've seen -- I mean, a lot of your question concerning consulting and outsourcing, and they're all very valid. Again, just a reminder that we've been booking in the range of $4 billion this past 4 quarters in consulting. So we'd like to make sure everybody get, if you're on that call, that we're pleased with where we are with outsourcing, with consulting and we are extremely pleased with where we are in outsourcing. Okay, I think it's time to wrap up the call. Thanks again for joining us today. As you heard, we are very pleased with our strong results in the second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year. We are confident that we will continue to deliver profitable growth, and we are remaining focused on accelerating the execution of our growth strategy. We believe we are well positioned to see the opportunities we see in the marketplace and have raised our business outlook for revenue growth and EPS for the full year. And of course, our strong performance would not be possible without the incredibly talented team of Accenture women and men around the world. I would also like to thank our investors for your continued support. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, feel free to call KC to make arrangements for a follow-up. Thank you for participating, and all the best.
Operator: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, today's conference was recorded for replay. If you wish to listen to that replay, you may dial 1 (800) 475-6701 and enter the access code 235944. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844 with the same access code, 235944. It will be available after 7:00 Eastern tonight through June 27, 2012. That does conclude our conference for today. I want to thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-12-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer KC McClure -  Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Avishai Kantor - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Tom. And thanks, everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. And that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factor section of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures, where appropriate to GAAP, in our news release, or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone for joining us. I am pleased to tell you about our excellent results for the first quarter, which demonstrate that we continued to execute very well against our growth strategy. Here are a few highlights. We delivered strong new bookings of $7.8 billion. We grew revenues 14% in local currency, to $7.1 billion, with all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions delivering double-digit growth. Earnings per share grew 19%, to a record $0.96. Operating income was $981 million, our highest ever, with strong operating margin of 13.9%. We continued to have a very strong balance sheet, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $5.1 billion. And we continued to return cash to shareholders, through share repurchases and the payment of a semiannual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which was a 50% increase over our prior dividend, as you can see, we did very well in Q1 and we are particularly pleased that our growth was broad-based across all dimensions of our business. Now let me hand over to Pam who will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and happy holidays and thank you, all, for joining us today. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's fiscal 2012 first quarter financial results. We delivered strong bookings and revenue growth in Q1, including, as Pierre mentioned, double-digit local currency revenue growth across our broad base of business, in all 5 operating groups and all 3 geographic regions. Our record revenues for the quarter, drove record EPS results as well. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements, or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $7.8 billion and reflected a positive 3% foreign exchange impact, compared with new bookings in the first quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $4.2 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $3.6 billion. Now let me give you some detail on bookings in the first quarter. In Management Consulting, we had strong bookings, in large part, because of increased client demand for projects that delivered near-term and structural cost take-out, especially for sourcing in other parts of the supply chain. Bookings also reflected demand for services on large scale business transformation programs. And we continue to see clients seeking to drive new revenue through improved sales and marketing effectiveness. Overall, we see our clients taking proactive action in focused ways to respond to the current, more volatile market conditions. Turning to Technology Consulting. Our bookings moderated in the quarter, but our skills are in high demand. Clients continue to value our independence and track record, as they seek strategic help to further optimize global IT operations and leverage cloud-based solutions, to reduce fixed costs and increase business agility. Systems integration bookings continued to reflect strong demand for ERP and custom systems, including large-scale transformation programs and the use of newer technologies. Clients continue to extend such solutions across the enterprise and to expand their capabilities in mobile, data management flash analytics and social, to improve processes and customer relationships. Turning to Outsourcing. In Technology Outsourcing, we see more demand for application outsourcing that is broad-based. We signed many new contracts in the quarter, across multiple industries and, notably, in Europe, as well as expansions for scope and volumes on existing client contracts. This trend reflects clients needs to reduce ongoing systems cost so they can direct more IT spending to new technology areas to support changes in their businesses. BPO bookings in Q1 were very strong for a second consecutive quarter, demand was most pronounced in North America and in our industry specific offerings, especially in our Resources, Communications, Media & Technology, and Health & Public Service industries. And demand for our Global Delivery Network continues to grow, as we are leveraging it for increasingly complex work. Across the globe, clients are tapping our global delivery capability, not only to take advantage of cost effective delivery, but also to tap specialist skills in ERP, specific industries and newer technologies. The work we are doing in the GDN is increasingly more sophisticated and made up of longer-term committed relationships for maintenance, development and enhancements. In summary, we had a strong bookings quarter, with $100 million or more in bookings at 9 clients around the world. Turning now to revenues. Net revenues for the first quarter were just under $7.1 billion, an increase of 17% in U.S. dollars and 14% in local currency, from the same period last year. These revenues reflected a positive foreign exchange impact of nearly 3%, compared with Q1 last year. They were also above our guided range of $6.8 billion to $7 billion, as our for foreign exchange assumption given last quarter was 3% as well. Consulting revenues were $4.1 billion, an increase of 14% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $3 billion, an increase of 21% in U.S. dollars and 18% in local currency. Now let me give you some highlights of revenue growth in our operating groups. The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of 17%, driven by strong and well-balanced growth across the broad set of products industries in both Consulting and Outsourcing and around the world. Our core ERP transformation offerings continue to be the backbone of Products. In addition, we saw a strong demand for our services related to sales and channel management solutions and supply chain. Notably, we are growing the number of clients where we have deep relationships globally. Communications, Media & Technology revenues increased 16% in local currency, with growth that was also broad-based, geographically, and across the CMT industry. Outsourcing growth was very strong and was driven by clients' continued focus on improving their operations, particularly in supply chain, procurement, finance and customer care, and by demand for additional support for Mobility solutions. Consulting revenue reflected our clients continued focus on increasing operational effectiveness, improving customer service and launching new products and services. Resources revenues grew 15% in local currency, also with strong growth in both Consulting and Outsourcing. This revenue growth was driven by ERP and global operating model programs, with particularly high growth in energy and natural resources and in several of our priority emerging markets. Health & Public Service revenues increased 11% in local currency, reflecting strong growth in health, again, this quarter, including our connected health and health administration offering. Our repositioning of public service continues with our focus being to help our public service clients drive efficiencies, as well as to support human services clients to modernize their systems. In Financial Services, revenues grew 11% in local currency due to very strong growth in Outsourcing across all industries. This growth reflects clients' focus on near-term cost reduction and operational effectiveness, as this has become an even stronger imperative across our Financial Services industries globally. We did see modest Consulting growth in Financial Services, driven by strong growth in insurance across our geographic regions. This growth was partially offset by lower year-over-year Consulting revenue in banking and capital markets, which we had largely expected. In summary, we were pleased with the strong and balanced revenue growth delivered in Q1 by all 5 operating groups. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 31.8%, down 40 basis points from 32.2% in Q1 last year. Sales and marketing costs were $837 million, or 11.8% of net revenues, compared with $731 million, or 12.1% of net revenues for the first quarter last year, a 30-basis point decrease. General and administrative costs were $433 million, or 6.1% of net revenues, compared with $386 million, or 6.4% of net revenues, for the first quarter last year, also, a 30-basis point decrease. This all resulted in record operating income for the first quarter of $981 million, reflecting a 13.9% operating margin compared with $827 million or a 13.7% operating margin for the same period last year, a 20-basis point expansion. As a reminder, we manage our business to operating margin. Although our payroll costs grew slightly faster than revenue, we worked to offset that through tighter management of non-payroll costs. Our margin was also impacted by a favorable foreign exchange movement. Operating margin improved in Health & Public Service and in Products due primarily to improved contract profitability in those operating groups. Operating income decreased and operating margin fell from a high-level in last year's Q1 in Financial Services, reflecting lower contract profitability, higher business development costs and higher costs related to recently closed acquisitions. Below operating income, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.3%, flat, compared with the same period last year. Net income for the quarter was $712 million, compared with $606 million for the first quarter last year, an increase of 18%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.96, compared with $0.81 in the first quarter last year, an increase of 19%. This $0.15 increase, reflects a $0.12 increase from higher revenue, and operating income in local currency, a $0.02 increase from favorable foreign exchange rates and a $0.02 increase from a lower share count, offset by a $0.01 decrease from lower non-operating income. Turning to some other key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global headcount of about 244,000 people and we now have approximately 146,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q1, our utilization was 87%, up from 85% in Q4. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 12%, down from 14% in Q4 and 15% in Q1 last fiscal year. Lastly, we expect that at least 60,000 people will join our company around the world this fiscal year. Now let's turn on our cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $394 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $475 million, net of property and equipment additions of $81 million. For the same period last year, free cash flow was $31 million. The higher level this year included an uptick in client prepayments. Turning to DSOs. Our days services outstanding were 32 days, up from 30 days last quarter and down from 33 days in the same quarter last year. Our total cash balance, at November 30, was $5.1 billion, and compares with $5.7 billion, at the end of August. The Q1 ending balance includes a negative impact of approximately $257 million, reflective with how much other currencies moved versus the U.S. dollar between November 30 and 3 months prior. Before I turn things back to Pierre, I will comment on our ongoing objectives to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the first quarter, we repurchased, or redeemed, approximately 5.3 million shares for $285 million, at an average price of $53.36 per share, including 3.4 million shares repurchased in the open market. At November 30, we had $5.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid a semiannual cash dividend of $0.675 per share for a total of $475 million. This represented the $0.225, or 50%, increase over the dividend we paid in May. In summary, we had a strong first quarter and are off to a good start in fiscal '12. I continue to be very proud of our Accenture people and their exceptional ability to drive our business in a way that serves our clients and shareholders so well. And now, here's Pierre to give you some interesting color on how we are executing our growth strategy and delivering business value for our clients around the world.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Now I would like to talk about how we are leveraging marketplace opportunity to drive growth, particularly in the context of the current economic environment. Of course, there continues to be volatility in the global economy, largely due to uncertainty around Europe's sovereign debt challenges. We're carefully watching the actions that governments in Europe are taking to stabilize markets, restore confidence and create conditions that would support our return to economic growth. While Europe works on these issues, other parts of the world are exhibiting positive economic growth, especially our priority emerging markets. Moving forward, we will continue to monitor the macroeconomic environment very closely and the implications for our business. In this context, we are executing a growth strategy that resonates with the needs of our clients. We have a relentless focus on industry and technology differentiation and accelerated geographic expansion. Our clients continue to invest in transformation and realize that they must address major structural issues resulting from the long-term trends we previously identified -- globalization, regulation, operational efficiency -- to which we can also add consumerization. This is driving demand for our services. Let me give a few examples of the work we are doing for some of our largest clients, at the very core of their businesses. For one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Accenture is the partner of choice on many projects, including a Nike infrastructure rationalization program across more than 30 countries. We are helping one of the world's leading mining companies develop and upgrade its core ERP system. The program is designed to significantly improve and standardize processes to drive business value across the entire organization. And just this week, we announced an agreement with a leading U.S. property and casualty insurer to provide claims management support on a Software as a Service basis to be delivered from the Cloud. Accenture's claim management services will enable carriers to have valuable capacity and better align costs with the volume of claims activity. In terms of industry and technology differentiation, we continue to invest in our priority industries. In the communications industry, through Accenture network services, we are helping our clients manage the rapid growth in mobile and broadband data traffic while improving customer service and operating efficiency. Another example is that we are helping clients across the utilities, energy, chemicals and natural resources industries accelerate enterprise-wide business value through Accenture Advanced Enterprise Services, which links industry-leading processes to a preconfigured ERP solution, leveraging leading technology platforms. Geographic expansion remains key to the execution of our growth strategy. I'm particularly pleased with the progress we are making in our 10 priority emerging markets, which, in Q1, grew at a significantly faster rate than the rest of Accenture. And just as important as our growth in these markets, is the quality of the relationships we have with our clients there. In addition to helping global clients expand into emerging markets, we have developed major client relationships with leading companies in these markets, several of which are already our Diamond Clients. To further support our growth strategy, we continue to invest in our brand, which is among the top 50 in the world. Last month, we launched a new global brand campaign, featuring clients, and now we are helping them create significant and tangible business value. This new campaign is bringing our high-performance delivered brand positioning to the next level. And of course, we continue to manage our company with rigor and discipline to drive profitable growth. With that, I will turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for the second quarter and the full year.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. As a reminder, each quarter, we provide an outlook for the next quarter's revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As our fiscal Q2 takes shape and we turn into calendar year '12, we recognize, as Pierre said, that we are operating in a macroeconomic environment that continues to be uncertain and volatile, with a particular focus on what is happening in the Eurozone. We are vigilant about any impact these and other developments may have on our global business. So with that in mind, let me share our view in Q2 and the remainder of the fiscal year. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.5 billion to $6.8 billion. This range assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 1% for the quarter. We have broadened the revenue range we see for the quarter in order to allow for some flexibility and timing of start of new work in the calendar year. Now turning to the full fiscal year, we now assume a foreign exchange impact, also, of negative 1%. As you know, we form this assumption based on how the rates have moved over the last couple of weeks, and we have seen them bounce around in the range of negative 1% to negative 2%. Taking into account our Q1 results, what we see for Q2 and how the pipeline is shaping up for the second half, we continue to expect our fiscal year '12 revenue outlook to be 7% to 10% growth in local currency. We've had strong bookings over the last 2 quarters, and we have some work to do to shape more business for the second half of our fiscal year and into the next. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $28 billion to $31 billion. We continue to target the same level of bookings in local currency and support the same overall range, even with our updated assumption for foreign exchange. Within that, we also expect System Integration bookings to moderate somewhat, going forward, and there may potentially be a further lift in Outsourcing bookings, over what we expected 3 months ago. We continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%. You should expect some fluctuations, quarter-to-quarter, as we've experienced in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%. We now expect our earnings per share for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $3.76 to $3.84, down $0.04, reflecting our updated assumption for foreign exchange. Finally, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion; property and equipment additions to be about $500 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. We remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we continue to expect to return at least $3 billion, through dividends and share repurchases. We now expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by closer to 2%, due to our current view on the phasing of repurchases over the year. I would like to give credit to our experienced leadership team and to our people overall as our business right now is well-balanced and well-positioned for the future. We remain focused on executing our growth strategy with discipline, maintaining a world-class balance sheet and generating strong free cash flow, while staying close to our clients and working with them on their most critical business needs as we drive our business forward. With that, let's open it up so that we can take your questions. KC?
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. I would ask that you each keep your questions limited to one question and one follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask questions. Tom, would you provide instructions for those on the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang, please go ahead, representing JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just -- I guess I observed definitely an uptick in cost take out projects, that you are highlighting there, Pam, in terms of your bookings commentary. So and my question there is, is there enough of this cost cutting work to do, to offset this transition away from perhaps some of the discretionary work that you typically see or some of the transformational projects that you might see? I'm just trying to understand this transition, assuming this path continues and what that might mean for the bookings trajectory.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, there's plenty of cost-cutting work and I would suggest that much of it is indeed transformational, given that there's a lot of structural costs to be addressed as well. But let me let Pierre give some color, too.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, when we are talking about cost take out for [ph] you would have in mind to work at the shedded with the Outsourcing and that kind of work. But when you're talking about cost take out, you have a large varieties of activities. We are doing -- from a nemesis standpoint and especially, I'm think about all of the work we're doing in Technology Consulting, with all the technology rationalization, if you will, I'm thinking about all the work we could do in Management Consulting, in terms of driving more operating model efficiency. And I'm thinking, of course, about all the new technologies, if you will, and innovation we're putting in the market, which are contributing to cost take out improvement, and I'm thinking about some cloud-based services we are providing to clients through different business models. We are contributing to cost take out, so it's not only one part of our business, but it's a full range of our services we can bring to bear.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just as my follow-up, I guess, I think you mentioned that, Pam, the wider range for the second quarter revenue guidance, what's driving that? Is it -- sounds like you're buffering for a little bit of transition for the calendar year.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, our business runners don't see it, but I just thought that it was a good idea to just put a little in there and so I just put a little in there on the bottom. So just in case that start up on a few things is delayed a bit.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess where the questions are going to turn, from an investor standpoint, is all about whether discretionary services spending is beginning to show signs of softening. Yesterday, as you know, Logica, in Europe, attributed its struggles to a weaker economy in Europe. We argue that a lot of those issues are company-specific, coming out of Logica. But still, it raises a question about whether the Consulting market demand scenario in Europe is starting to fade. Can you comment on that, please?
Pierre Nanterme: I think to get started with that, I mean, we are very pleased with what have been our bookings in Q1, in terms of consulting and we're coming very strong. And again, I think at the end of the day, it all depends on your positioning and what you do with clients. And as you know, positioning has always been to be much more on the kind of CEO corporate agenda, driving work around, what we are calling transformations, i.e. program which are critical for the company to drive for better performance. And I think this is what we continue to focus on and with the right mix of work from the Consulting and the Outsourcing. So, so far, we do not see a significant shift in the buying pattern of our clients.
Pamela J. Craig: Just to add a little more specific industry color there, Rod. I commented that we did see some consulting off a little bit in Financial services, in banking, capital markets. But we also see a lot of opportunity in more imperative-based projects in Financial Services. So it is interesting how that's shifting. And the only other industry where we maybe see that a little bit is Chemicals.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. I mean, clearly, your Q1 bookings were great, but I guess, are you seeing any indication that the pace of bookings is starting to temper or that, that could happen over the next year, given all of the macro volatility that's going on around the world?
Pamela J. Craig: At this point, we don't see a significant change in client behavior. We see that budgets may not go up very much, but we also don't hear about them going down. What we talked about before, and Tien-Tsin's question on cost optimization really is paramount, and really that plays our strengths, in terms of getting to real outcomes on business cases there.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And Pam, just a real quick on that. Would you expect your Outsourcing revenue growth rate in fiscal '12, particularly in the back half, to be meaningfully better than your Consulting revenue growth rate? Or are you still expecting a relatively balanced revenue growth mix across Consulting and Outsourcing?
Pamela J. Craig: The way we see it today, Rod, is that we do expect the Consulting growth rate to continue to moderate somewhat and we expect the Outsourcing growth rate to be double-digit.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Pam, can you comment on the contracted revenue versus last year at this point?
Pamela J. Craig: Contracted revenue? Contracted, I thought you meant like going down. Yes, the revenue that we have under contract. Yes, which we call our visibility and, basically, as we sit here today versus last year, we have 13% more under contract than we did last year.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: About the same pace coming out of the fourth quarter, it sounds like, correct?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the headcount adds for the year, was the 60,000 a gross or a net number?
Pamela J. Craig: That's a gross number of the people we expect to join our company this year.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And any mix contribution there, offshore or global delivery versus on-site, or is it balanced across?
Pamela J. Craig: We are expecting to continue everywhere. I mean, we do have hiring down a little bit, but that's in part due to the improved attrition, or largely due to the improved attrition. And we do have some people joining us from some acquisitions. So it's all in the mix.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my question is on the EMEA. Constant currency revenue growth was 10%, that accelerated from 8% last quarter. So I guess it's a bit of a head-scratcher, given all the negative headlines we've heard. So I guess, what's driving that outperformance there and is there some sustainability in that?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, first of all, Bryan, welcome back, it's great to have you back, and I'll let Pierre take the question, since it's Europe.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, of course, Europe is always a little bit unpredictable, so probably that's why you've been taken by surprise. But there are probably more fundamental reasons that, indeed, as you know, we're working with large companies. So at the same time we, of course, watching carefully, we are watching carefully what's happening in Europe, from a macroeconomic standpoint. But we are putting the same attention to what's happening with our clients. And many, if not all, of our clients operating in Europe, are operating on a global basis. So they are not totally dependent, if you will, on the economic environment in Europe, per se. And we have many projects and programs we are delivering around the world which are, indeed, located in Europe and which is reflected in this 10% growth.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And that my follow-up is just on Outsourcing, in general. Just from your comments and looking at the bookings the last 2 quarters, they're really booming. So I guess what's driving that change, that we are seeing such a big delta in Outsourcing? And maybe where is that strength coming from? Is that across the board and in the segments? I know we talked a little bit about it, but it's just a little bit surprising to see it come on that strong.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I think it is indeed coming across the patch. And I think it just reflects -- I mean, first, the nature of the client demand, in terms of cost take out, and I think what we are providing both from an Application Outsourcing, or BPO standpoint, is extremely relevant in our response to the client's need. And second is the positioning we have taken in both BPO and AO, where we continue to drive a lot of innovation, compared to the competition. I think in BPO, we have now extremely good solution, we're calling fourth or fifth generation BPO, where we are bringing more value in the BPO services, to avoid commoditization. And as well, if you would think about the Applications Outsourcing, we are much more service level based, business case-driven, so I think, as well, what we are proposing is more relevant for our clients.
Pamela J. Craig: And just the way our Global Delivery Network has really gotten so strong, in terms of our ability to deliver more and more of these services, as I mentioned in my comments.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Would you mind just touching for a moment on the actual timing you're seeing, in terms of decision-making? Maybe just touch on budgets, how they are shaping up, in terms of when they should be decided? Are you still expecting January, February, maybe even, March? Or just give us some sense around that?
Pierre Nanterme: When we look at it and, as you can imagine, we are looking at this extraordinarily carefully around one of the velocity, speed to decision, and so forth. And as we speak, and what you're looking in Q1, we've not seen a significant change in clients' behavior.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and that's helpful. So I mean, I guess, bottom line is that you'd expect probably February timeframe then, right? January, February timeframe still help you, you know, guide in your planning?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we are not seeing any sort of blips in the way clients are stopping or starting projects, right? We are just not seeing anything in that. But as I mentioned, we did allow for little bit, just in terms of how the revenue kicks in after the start of the calendar year, just in case something like that does happen.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, right. No, it's just the type of contracts, perhaps. And then on the public sector, local currency growth rate, I know that health is in there also, but still, I mean, 11% was pretty impressive, considering an environment of, I guess, fiscal tightening around the globe. I think it's also been somewhat better that we've seen with peers. Can you give us a sense of what you think is maybe driving that outperformance?
Pamela J. Craig: I'll start and then let Pierre go then, but we are really, really focused on the 3 positioning, as we've been telling you for several quarters now. And I think, what is paying off for us is focus. And we are really helping or working with the governments around the world, on helping them get more efficient, right? Helping them get much more efficient, in terms of the services they're providing to the citizens. And we've really narrowed it down to a few offerings and it is starting. I mean, we're still doing it, right? So we're not done. But we're really pleased with the progress of how this is going.
Pierre Nanterme: You said that very well, Pam. I have nothing to add, that was just brilliant.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen.
Avishai Kantor - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Avishai Kantor for Moshe. First question, Telecom seems to be up very strong, 21% sequentially, and BSFI up strong with 15% sequentially. Can you elaborate on the drivers for that?
Pamela J. Craig: Sorry, you said telecom's up...
Avishai Kantor - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm sorry, operating income in telecom and BFSI -- in telecom was up 21% sequentially and in financial services was up 14.7% sequentially, the operating income of those verticals, can you elaborate on that, what were the drivers?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, there's -- just as I mentioned before with operating margin, there is a lot that goes into that. Generally, contract profitability is the major driver and then there is a few other puts and takes that go into that every quarter. We did have, just in terms of this quarter versus last year, we had -- last year, you may have seen we took a benefit from bad debts. This year, we did not have that. So there's just lots of things that go into that and there's nothing notable in those 2 operating groups.
Avishai Kantor - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on a sequential basis, revenues in Europe were up much stronger than the U.S. which grew only 1%. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Pamela J. Craig: I'm not sure I have your sequential 1%. I mean, there is always -- you know, the quarters are different just in terms of -- half of the seasonality of our business, so sequential, generally, doesn't make sense. And so I'm not sure there's anything too much you can draw from that.
Avishai Kantor - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, any change in visibility compared to prior quarters?
Pamela J. Craig: Not really beyond what we've provided in the comments. The bookings were strong and, in generally, we see clients' budgets continuing to shape up for next year, as we expected. So there's nothing really major to point out there.
Operator: You have a question from Keith Bachman with the Bank of Montréal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I understand you managed the operating margins but I did want to hear a little bit more color about the gross margins. Utilization rates were up and attrition was down. Could you just talk about, again, why gross margins were down? And then what you expect the trends to be over the next quarters? And then I have a follow-up.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay, great. Keith, well, I mean, I'm going to stick to the story and that we manage the business to operating margin. I mentioned to you that payroll was up a little bit in gross margin, but it was down a little in sales and marketing. And as I mentioned, most of our people, to the degree when they're not charging contracts, spread their time between those 2 lines, in terms of the activities that they do. So I think that you just, again, we manage the business to operating margin and I think we were -- the contract profitability was good. We had compensation increases that went in on September 1. We're absorbing those well. So there really isn't too much to add there right now.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Then if you're absorbing those compensation, would you expect the gross margins to go up over the next couple of quarters?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, again, we manage the business to operating margin, there's a lot of puts and takes, there's contracts that are beginning contracts, contracts that are ending, I mean, there's just so much that's going on in a given quarter. So, as you know, we did give annual, an annual outlook for 10 to 20 basis points expansion in operating margin and that's what we're working to do.
Operator: [indiscernible] with Morgan Stanley.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So maybe a first one for Pierre here because I'd like to turn it back to Europe. Are you guys seeing any noticeable or perceptible shift in clients' adoption of offshoring, in particular? And if so, if you could kind of speak to the drivers of that, or how they are leveraging offshore more and how it's impacting your business?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, definitely, this is a trend which is as well touching Europe. I mean, this offshore adoption, if you will, already being very vibrant if you take the U.K. with the Nordic countries. So the question has always been, what's going to be the level of penetration in more the Latin countries. And we're starting to see more adoption of offshore, or near-shore as well. And as you know, we have a number of delivery centers, some are more near-shore, others are more offshore. So we -- the possibility to leverage across our offshore centers, such as India, but as well, we can work from Romania, even from Morocco or other places. So we have a full range of possibilities when it comes to offshore so we can deal with language, with culture, as well as with time zone. But clearly, we see a higher rate of adoption from an offshore standpoint.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I wanted to turn it quickly back to the bookings number. Pam, I think you mentioned there were 9 clients who added, at least, $100 million in new bookings. I just wanted to check to see if there were any very large or chunky bookings closer to the $1 billion range like we had seen last quarter that have also benefited bookings for this quarter.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, we didn't have any giants like that and, otherwise, probably won't comment any further. But there weren't any, like, up close to $1 billion. And also wanted to say I'm still sticking to the 10 to 30 basis points. It was pointed out to me that I said, 10 to 20 basis points, and it is 10 to 30 basis points.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi..
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So it was a solid quarter, good execution in tough times, congratulations on that. Not that it might have is surprising our comments on the quarter itself, but I wanted you to go to the topic of vendor consolidation. Continued to hear that Accenture continues to gain wallet share versus competition, including, especially McTier [ph] Companies that may not have a full range of services. And I just wanted to ask what innning are we in here? How strong of a driver could this be over the next couple of years?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thank you, Ashwin, for the question and I think this is a driver for our growth. As we can see, this vendor consolidation moving forward for very good reasons from our clients. If you want on firsthand, to rationalize your IT cost and second, drive more transformational program, you need to rely -- you can lower number of providers which are able to support you on a much more global basis. So all this, especially when you're working for large companies, large and global companies like Accenture. So this one, the consolidation is still moving forward and it's still a driver for our growth and a way for us to increase the share of wallet in our existing clients.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on currency, I mean, the impact of currency, of course, is expected, but does the continued volatility change how you hedge the risk or whether you try to contractually offset some of it? Or even where you hold your cash, because there was that cash impact on the balance sheet this time, right?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, well, first of all, we're not going to be changing anything we do. What we do, do is, we do hedge certain balance sheet risks where we need to. But what was reflected in the cash balance is reflected in the cash we need around the world to run the businesses in those countries. And it sometimes goes one way and sometimes, it goes another. And that's just the way it goes. We also are going to continue to hedge part of the work in our GDN where we have revenues and costs in different currencies and we're going to continue with that practice, we are very pleased with how that's going.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Grossman with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Pierre, you talked very positively about emerging markets and, sorry if I missed this, but what percentage of revenue is emerging markets and what rate is it growing? And how does the competitive landscape look?
Pierre Nanterme: We're not giving the information to that level of detail, but I can just mention 2 things. First, I'm very pleased with the progress we are making with our priority emerging markets. Again, we've been extraordinarily focused on growing in that part of the world and putting our act together. And second, as I mentioned before, we've been growing in those markets at a significantly higher rate than the rest of Accenture.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And how about the competitive landscape, is it materially different than what you're seeing in the other geographies?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, of course, you would need to face local competition, but it's not different from what we are facing in most of the markets. At the end of the day, the market is split between the large and global companies, like us; the local providers; and what we are calling more, the Indian players, as well which are providing different kind of services. So what we are facing in those markets is the same competition we used to face in the other markets so I think we are extremely well-prepared to compete in those markets.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I see. And just one for you, Pam. It looks like the impact of currency on revenue and EPS were more or less proportionate. Does that relationship generally hold true or does it really just dependent on other factors?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, it generally holds true, I would say.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question is just on utilization. I see it sits around 87%. Are you running that a bit too hot? I think you talked about maybe potentially bringing it down. Does that inhibit her at all to servicing any business or how should we think about that in relation to your margin as well?
Pamela J. Craig: I don't think it's too hot, right? I mean it's maybe on the border of getting too hot. So we don't believe it's too hot, we like -- the mid-80s is where we look for it to be and it's really been tracking in that area. And I think we're doing an excellent job of supply and demand balancing right now.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then just secondly, and thank you for that. Just so I can kind of characterize your position right now, it sounds like there's nothing really that you're seeing in the marketplace. Would you say that your optimism was just towards the demand environment is just a strong as it was last quarter, and the element of conservatism may be coming from headline rather than what you're seeing in the market? Maybe if you could just frame that for us.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, good question indeed. I think we know we are entering fiscal '12 with the position of strength, this is what we mentioned last quarter. We were very pleased with our Q1. We are remaining extremely close to our clients and what we see, as we speak, is indeed the kind of services we are providing are extremely relevant to respond the needs of our clients. Now, on the other hand, we are very thoughtful and we're watching carefully what's happening in the marketplace and especially in the macroeconomic environment and especially, in the Eurozone. And this is what we're providing in our guidance and in our direction, is I think exactly the right balance between the confidence in our self and the services we are providing, and just being aware of what's happening outside.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I'm going to squeeze one last here, Pam. How should we think about the depreciation of rupee as we look at your margins? I know you have a larger global delivery model, but maybe you can just talk to that.
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I mean, movements of the rupee really only have a modest impact on our margins because even though we have a large headcount in India, it's really not proportional to our total cost, and we do offset them partially by hedging. So, I mean, so the whole intent is to really try to minimize that impact on our overall global results.
Operator: We'll go to the line of George Price with BB&T Capital Markets.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I guess I know that some questions have been asked and it's been circled around, but I wanted to press a little bit more on the guidance. In keeping the 7% to 10% range, in light of the strong first quarter results and the second quarter guidance, just doing upper range of the constant currency guidance range , I mean, it implies a fairly significant deceleration in the second half of the fiscal year, maybe to around like the 7% kind of range, in constant currency and, obviously, even lower, if we think of the low end of the constant currency guidance range. And then if we think Outsourcing is going to grow faster than Consulting, given what we are observing in your comments, then potentially, a real deceleration in Consulting. And so notwithstanding that, I know you want to be conservative, in light of what we're seeing in the macro environment, but I guess, if you can give a little bit more color on that because it just feels beyond just conservatism.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will start and Pam will give more color on this as well. But, again, we want to be thoughtful and balanced in our judgment. So again, we have a strong start and we are very pleased with where we are. We have strong bookings which is giving us some visibility. However, we know that there are remaining uncertainty and volatility in the market place. And when we are putting all of this together and we need to apply our judgment, then we believe that the guidance we are giving, from 7% to 10%, is the right one, given where we are, and what we know and where we are starting from. But Pam, you can further comment.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I'll probably just sort of repeat what you said. But I think similar to last quarter, I mean, we look at this very seriously, we look at puts and takes. And so Q1 was even stronger than we expected. Q2, we have factored in some prudence, in case there are some slight level of calendar year delays. And then as you look past Q2, we recognize that GDP forecast, globally, has maybe inched down a little bit, right? When you think about places like the Eurozone, the U.K. and Japan. And as I mentioned, we do have some work to do to replenish the pipeline. So we're just trying to take all that into account and be thoughtful and prudent about how we see it.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. I guess just kind of segueing to that comment on the replenishing the pipeline and the work that you have to do, I guess, what's driving that? Obviously, you are pulling a lot out of the pipeline, in terms of booking and that's a great. But in terms of having to replenish it, I mean, what's driving -- is there just slower decision-making on things coming in? I mean, just a little bit more around that would be helpful.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think coming off of 2 strong quarters of bookings, right? Then there's replenishment work to do, that's just a given. And then, as I mentioned, we also see some shifting from Consulting to Outsourcing for how we originally did our plan this year, so that's what we're focused on.
George A. Price - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, last thing, if I could. Was fiscal 1Q '12, the first quarter for year-over-year decline in the banking in capital markets consulting work? You mentioned that, that was -- that, that actually had a year-over-year decline. Was it the first quarter that we saw that, and was that driven by consulting predominantly in Europe? Or did you see that in the U.S. as well?
Pamela J. Craig: We did not see it in the U.S. and I believe this is the first quarter. I don't think last quarter had a year-over-year consulting decline then. We can confirm that with you, but I don't believe it did, if memory serves me.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I don't think so.
Operator: The final question today will come from the line of Dave Koning [ph] with Robert Baird.
Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is actually Nathan Novak on line for Dave. This is sort of just piggy back off that last question, but in the Financial Services vertical, last a couple of quarters, profitability has been a little worse than, what's called the last or the prior 7 quarters, what would it take to materially change, to get that back up to 17%, 18%? Is it a mixed shift thing, compared to some of the other verticals, or could you talk a little bit more specifically about the drivers there?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, first of all, I think Financial Services has exhibited very strong profitability in the past. So they're probably a little bit more in the pack now. And I think that, as you mentioned, operating groups go through different cycles, right? In terms of their business and big step starting up and that sort of thing. And I think, we have, as I mentioned in the comments, right, we just have lower contract profitability right now. And they're focusing on business development and we also had some acquisitions that we're integrating and had some costs related to those.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thank you. As you know, Financial Services is very close to my heart. So I'm going to work with the currently leadership to make sure that we show a good game. Thanks, again for joining us today. We are very pleased with our excellent results in the first quarter and we remain confident in our ability to drive profitable growth. We continue to invest to differentiate Accenture in the marketplace and to ensure that our strategy and capabilities are closely aligned with our clients' long-term competitive needs. In closing, I would like to thank each and every one of our dedicated men and women around the world for their commitment to Accenture and to our clients. I would also like to thank our investors for your continued support. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow-up. I wish you a happy holiday season and all the best for a happy new year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. This conference will be available for replay starting at 7:00 p.m. this evening and running through March 22, 2012. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 222491. [Operator Instructions] International participants, please dial 1 (320) 365-3844 and again the access code is 222491. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer KC McClure -  Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd also like to remind you that today's conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to KC McClure, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Kathy. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Kathy just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our marketing position and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2012, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward looking. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. It's a pleasure to be here today to present our excellent results for Q4 and the full fiscal year. I'm extremely pleased to report that we met or exceeded our business outlook for all of our key metrics from revenues and bookings, to profitability and cash flow. Here are a few highlights. We delivered record new bookings of $8.4 billion for the quarter, and $28.8 billion for the year. Revenues for the quarter increased 14% in local currency to $6.7 billion with all 5 operating groups delivering double-digit growth. Full year revenues increased 15% in local currency to $25.5 billion, a new record. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.91, a 38% increase over Q4 last year. For the full year, earnings per share were at record $3.40, up 28% over fiscal year 2010. We expanded operating margin for both the quarter and the full year. We generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion for the quarter and $3 billion for the full year, exceeding the top end of our annual range by more than $300 million. We continue to have a rock-solid balance sheet, with a cash balance of $5.7 billion. We continued to return cash to shareholders with more than $2.8 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments during the year. And we just announced a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.675 per share, which is a 50% increase over our prior dividend. Clearly, we are executing and delivering extremely well across all dimensions of our business. Now Pam will review the numbers in greater detail. Pam, over to you.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. Thank you, all, for joining today. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's fiscal year 2011 fourth quarter and full year financial results. As Pierre just said, we delivered records across the board, including very strong year-over-year revenue growth across the dimensions of our business, overall in the fourth quarter and for the full fiscal year. In addition to the strong earnings results, which reflected the highest annual EPS we've ever achieved, we also met or beat all of the elements in our original fiscal year '11 annual business outlook a year ago, including records for new bookings, free cash flow and operating margin. As we look ahead into fiscal '12, we are pleased with our progress in building market share and with how we are positioned to drive our business forward.  Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the fourth quarter were a record $8.4 billion and reflect a positive 9% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the fourth quarter last year. Consulting bookings were a record $4.2 billion and represented a book-to-bill of 1.1. And Outsourcing bookings were $4.3 billion, the highest in over 7 years. New bookings for the full fiscal year were also a record at $28.8 billion, above the upper end we signaled in June of the $25 billion to $28 billion range that we had all year. These bookings reflect a foreign exchange impact that turned out to be 400 basis points better than we originally assumed a year ago, positive 3% compared with new bookings for fiscal '10. Consulting bookings for fiscal '11 were $15.4 billion and Outsourcing bookings were $13.4 billion. Now let me give you some detail on these record-high bookings in the fourth quarter. In Management Consulting, bookings reflect client demand for our services to optimize their top line growth and drive operational efficiency. Demand continues for improving sales and marketing effectiveness to support our clients' growth strategies. We see strong activity for projects that deliver cost take-out, both near-term and structural, and we are helping our clients design and implement global operating models as they endeavor to expand their global footprints. In Technology Consulting, clients continue to value our independence and track record in seeking strategic help to plan, transform and streamline global IT operations, and to leverage and exploit new technology ways including the Cloud. System Integration bookings continue to reflect strong demand for ERP in response to business trends for globalization, regulation and operational efficiency. We are supporting clients in the global expansion in complex integration programs and to extend their ERP systems to achieve better data management and analytics. We are also seeing an uptick in demand in new technologies for digital and social, for growing needs in integrated mobile platforms and for Software as a service. Turning to Outsourcing. In Technology Outsourcing, demand remains strong, as our clients continue to focus on reducing the cost of their legacy systems and on consolidating the number of IT vendors they use. Through our continuously improving Global Delivery Network, we are better and better equipped to respond to client needs for both complex and cost-effective delivery. At many of our clients, we are expanding our relationships into more longer-term, committed relationships for maintenance, development and enhancements. BPO bookings in Q4 were very strong and the highest in 12 quarters, as we have growing demand for both horizontal offerings in Finance and Accounting and Procurement, aided in part by our Ariba Sourcing acquisition earlier in the year, as well as industry-specific offerings in Resources, Communications & High Tech and Health & Public Service. In summary, we had a bookings quarter that was strong, across both Consulting and Outsourcing, with $100 million or more in bookings at 10 clients around the world. Now turning to revenues. Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $6.7 billion, an increase of 23% in U.S. dollars and 14% in local currency from the same period last year, reflecting a foreign exchange impact of positive 9%. These revenues were above our guided range of $6.4 billion to $6.6 billion, a range that had assumed a foreign exchange impact of positive 8%. Adjusting for actual exchange rates, we were about $40 million higher than the top end of the range we provided in June. Consulting revenues for the quarter were $3.9 billion, an increase of 25% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency, and Outsourcing revenues were $2.8 billion, an increase of 21% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. Net revenues for the full fiscal year were $25.5 billion, an increase of 18% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency. Consulting revenues for the full year were $14.9 billion, an increase of 21% in U.S. dollars and 17% in local currency. And Outsourcing revenues were $10.6 billion, an increase of 15% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. We saw revenue growth across all of our operating groups in the fourth quarter. Resources revenues grew 18% in local currency. This revenue growth was driven by ERP and global operating model programs in many parts of the globe, with particularly high growth in our priority emerging geographic markets. Revenue growth was primarily driven by Consulting, with Outsourcing revenue growth lower. This trend is expected to continue for the near term. The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of a 16%, driven by strong and well-balanced growth in both Consulting and Technology offerings across the products industries around the world. Our core ERP transformation offerings continue to be the backbone of our revenue. In addition, Products revenues reflected continued growth for operational effectiveness, supply chain, CRM and an uptick in Analytics. In Financial Services, revenues grew 13% in local currency and reflected strength in both types of work, particularly for Technology Outsourcing. Clients continued to invest in replacing their core systems and initiating more cost-reduction projects and in improving operational effectiveness. Growth was also driven by global operating model programs and post-merger integration projects. Communications & High Tech revenues also increased 13% in local currency and reflected very strong Outsourcing growth, driven by clients' continued focus on improving their operations, particularly in supply chain, procurement and finance. Consulting revenues reflect a focus on operational effectiveness, improving customer service and supporting the launch of new products and services. I would also like to note that on September 1, we renamed this operating group: Communications, Media and Technology. The 3 industries that make up the operating group, communications, electronics and high-tech, and media and entertainment, remain the same. Finally, Health & Public Service revenues increased 12% driven by strong growth in our health offerings, including health administration and electronic medical records. Our growth in H&PS overall was also positively impacted by better delivery efficiency compared to last year. As we have mentioned in previous quarters, our repositioning in Public Service continues to progress. I'm extremely pleased with the net revenue results we stepped up and delivered in fiscal '11. Moving down the income statement, let me run through the components of operating income. For the fourth quarter, gross margin was 33.1% compared with 34% in the same period last year, a decrease of 90 basis points. Gross margin for the full year was 32.9% compared with 33.6% in fiscal '10, a decrease of 70 basis points. Sales and marketing costs for the fourth quarter were $821 million or 12.3% of net revenues compared with $698 million or 12.9% of net revenues in the same period last year, a decrease of 60 basis points. And sales and marketing costs for the full year were $3.1 billion or 12.1% of net revenues compared with $2.7 billion or 12.3% of net revenues in fiscal '10, a decrease of 20 basis points. General and administrative costs for the fourth quarter were $472 million or 7.1% of net revenues compared with $433 million or 8% of net revenues in the same period last year, a decrease of 90 basis points. And G&A costs for the full year were $1.8 billion or 7.1% of net revenues compared with $1.7 billion or 7.7% of net revenues in fiscal '10, a decrease of 60 basis points. This all resulted in operating income for the fourth quarter of $923 million, reflecting a 13.8% operating margin compared with $714 million or 13.2% operating margin for the same period last year, a 60 basis point expansion. I was pleased with the profitability delivered in the fourth quarter and note particularly the improved profitability and products. Full year operating income of $3.5 billion reflected a 13.6% operating margin compared with $2.9 billion or a 13.5% operating margin for fiscal '10, and within our guided range for operating margin of 13.6% to 13.7%.  As a reminder, we manage our business operating margin and manage a number of levers. Throughout the year, we worked the level and mix of our cost of delivery and sales so that in the fourth quarter, we achieved operating margin expansion of 60 basis points. At the same time, we continued to make investments in people and initiatives to fuel strong growth over the year. We were pleased with our continued progress in managing G&A costs at a growth rate lower than revenues and with our delivery as we finished out this year of the modest margin expansion we had originally aimed for. Operating income, our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27%. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 27.3%, in line with our annual guided range of 27% to 28%. Net income for the fourth quarter was $683 million compared with $510 million in the same period last year. For the full year, net income was $2.6 billion compared with a $2.1 billion in fiscal '10, also a record this year and an increase of 24%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.91 compared with $0.66 in the same period last year, an increase of 38%. The $0.25 increase is made up of $0.14 from higher revenue and operating income in local currency, $0.06 from favorable foreign exchange rates, $0.02 from a lower effective income tax rate, $0.02 from a lower share count and $0.01 from higher non-operating income. For the full fiscal year, diluted earnings per share were $3.40 compared with $2.66 in fiscal '10, an increase of 28% and at the top end of our guided range of $3.36 to $3.40. The $0.74 increase is made up of $0.42 from higher revenue and operating income in local currency, $0.11 from a lower share count, $0.09 from a lower effective income tax rate, $0.08 from favorable foreign exchange rates and $0.04 from higher non-operating income. Turning to some other key operational metrics, we hired 70,000 people in fiscal '11 and ended the year with a global headcount of about 236,000 people. Our Global Delivery Network grew from 116,000 people at the beginning of the fiscal year to 141,000 people at the end. In Q4, our utilization was 85%, flat with Q3, and in line with our targeted level. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 14% compared with 15% in Q3. Now let's touch on our cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was a record $1.24 billion, an increase of $90 million over the same period last year, resulting from cash from operating activities of $1.38 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $137 million. For the full fiscal year, free cash flow of $3.04 billion was also a record high and about $340 million above the top end of our previously guided range as DSOs were better than we expected. This reflected cash from operating activities of $3.44 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $404 million. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding was 30 days, down from 32 days in the third quarter and flat with the end last fiscal year. This metric continues to reflect the strong financial discipline of our people around the world. Turning to cash, our cash balance at August 31 was $5.7 billion compared with $4.8 billion at August 31 last year. Now an update on how we are returning cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 13.1 million shares for $731 million at an average price of $55.85 per share, including 11 million shares repurchased in the open market. For the full year, we repurchased or redeemed 42.8 million shares for $2.2 billion at an average price of $50.79 per share, including about 24 million shares repurchased in the open market. In fiscal '11, we delivered on our commitment of returning cash to shareholders through the more than $2.8 billion in share repurchases and dividend payments we made during the fiscal year. Our weighted average diluted shares came down more than 3% over the fiscal year. Since our IPO, we have returned a total of 91% of free cash flow generated to shareholders. During this time, we have also seen our public float increase from 14% of our outstanding shares at IPO to approximately 90% today. Earlier today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.675 per share. This dividend will be paid on November 15, 2011, and represents a $0.225 per share or 50% increase over the previous semi-annual dividend we declared in March. In addition, the Board has increased our share repurchase authority by $5 billion. That authority now totals approximately $6 billion. In summary, we had a strong quarter and ended the year in many ways above where we expected. I am very proud of Accenture people and their extraordinary ability to drive our business in a way that serves both our clients and our shareholders so well. Lastly, I'd just like to mention that we were also pleased to see that we were added to the S&P 500 Index on July 5. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you an update on some key aspects of our growth strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Our strong results for the quarter and the full year demonstrate that we are executing the right growth strategy. A strategy that resonates with our clients. We are operating at the heart of our clients' business and are delivering unique value propositions that are built on strong business cases. Our focus continues to be on driving sustainable and profitable growth through industry differentiation, technology leadership and geographic expansion. We continue to grow our portfolio of Diamond Clients, both the number of Diamond Clients and the amount and scope of work we are doing for them in mature and emerging markets. This focus is bringing even greater depth and breadth for our business. We are serving clients in more than 40 industries and continue to invest in industry differentiation. To accelerate the execution of our growth strategy, we have prioritized our investments around specific industries where we see opportunity for even greater return. Last quarter, I mentioned our focus on the health sector. This quarter, I'm delighted to share the progress we're making in insurance and banking, where we recently announced 2 acquisitions. The acquisition of Duck Creek Technologies, a leading provider of software solutions for property and casualty insurance companies in the U.S. and in the U.K., is enabling us to provide a complete end to end solution from underwriting through claims to policy administration. In banking, we announced our plan to acquire Zenta, one of the largest residential and commercial mortgage processors in the U.S. This should position us as a leading provider of services to the credit industry, where we see significant opportunity to help clients adapt to the changing regulatory requirements. In addition, to building on our core, we continue to expand our technology leadership through our strategic initiatives to ensure that we are positioned to capitalize on future technology waves. In Digital Marketing, we are helping clients with digital strategy, website transformation, social media and digital data management. In China, we are helping one of the largest online retailers improve user interaction and increase conversion rates to grow sales volume. In Smart Grid, we now have a more than 100 projects delivered or underway in over 20 countries. And we continue to expand our Cloud capabilities and are seeing increased demand for Software as a Service. As a client in the energy management industry, we're doing one of the largest global Software as a Service implementations involving work in 70 countries and almost 20,000 users. Geographic expansion is another key area of focus. In fiscal year '11, we made good progress growing revenues in our 10 priority emerging markets by 30% in local currency to $3 billion. We are very pleased with this result and intend to build further on this success in fiscal year '12. We continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business, managing the company with rigor and discipline. We remain focused on pulling all the levers, including improving sales efficiency, optimizing utilization, carefully managing G&A and lowering our cost-to-serve by further leveraging our Global Delivery Network. Of course, we're carefully watching the macroeconomic environment. Clearly, there is more volatility and uncertainty in the global economy as governments, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, continue to work to solve the deficit and debt issues they are facing. At the same time, the long-term trends that we previously identified, challenges of globalization, increased regulation and the need for operational efficiency are even more prevalent today than they were a few months ago. Our clients continue to take steps to adjust to this new environment and this continues to drive demand for our services. With that, I will turn it back over to Pam, who will provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2012.
Pamela J. Craig: Thank you, Pierre. To tee up our fiscal year 2012 business outlook, I'd like to first share with you some of our thoughts on how we see this fiscal year shaping up. We believe, as Pierre just shared, that our strategy and our proven ability to serve our clients' needs, combined with critical business and technology trends, position us very well as we move forward. With that said, we recognize that global macroeconomic risks have increased and global growth has slowed in the last few months. This is not lost on us. And as you expect of us, we remain vigilant about understanding any impacts and managing our global business tightly. So let's start with a couple of assumptions. First, we do continue to assume positive economic growth in the global economy, although lower than where we assumed it in April, and we have factored that in. Second, regarding the impact of foreign exchange, we have looked at how the rates have been trending over the last couple of weeks. And at this time, we assume the impact of foreign exchange on our results in U.S. dollars to be flat for fiscal '12 compared to fiscal '11. The U.S. dollar is currently strengthening and this could end up causing a headwind to actual dollar growth this fiscal year. As we have done in the past, we will update the foreign exchange assumption each quarter, based on how the rates are trending compared to fiscal '11. Our outlook components remain the same. We plan to provide annual outlook in the areas we have in the past and we will continue to update you on these measures quarterly. We will continue to provide a quarterly outlook for revenue, so that you have a basis for understanding our level of business by quarter as we progress through the year. So starting with revenue for the first quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.8 billion to $7.0 billion. This assumes a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% compared to the first quarter in fiscal '11. For the full fiscal year, we continue to expect net revenue to grow in the range of 7% to 10% in local currency over fiscal '11. Although there has been puts and takes over the past 5 months, this is consistent with what we stated at our Investor and Analyst Conference on April 14 and confirmed last quarter. For the full fiscal year '12, we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $28 billion to $31 billion. And as you know, our bookings can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. Fiscal year '12, we expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.7% to 13.9%, 10 to 30 basis point expansion. We will continue to balance profitability with making investments to position our business for the future. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as you've seen in the past. We expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal '12 to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.88, or 12% to 14% growth, consistent with what we stated at our April Investor and Analyst Conference of at least 12% growth. Now let's turn to cash flow. For the full fiscal year, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion, property and equipment additions to be $490 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion. To update you in our thinking for uses of cash, we are on course to continue our strategy this fiscal year. We will continue pursuing strategic and targeted acquisitions as a part of our growth strategy. We also remain committed to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. In fiscal '12, we now expect to return at least $3 billion through a raised dividend and through share repurchases and also now expect to reduce the weighted average diluted shares outstanding by approximately 3%. In closing, we know we need to stay very close to what generates value for money for our clients and in doing so, we will be focused on doing what we do best, drive profitable growth for Accenture, provide valuable work for our people, maintain our strong balance sheet, generate significant free cash flow, a substantial portion of which we would then expect to return to shareholders. With that, let's open up, so that Pierre and I can take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to ask about the lumpiness of bookings. In the May quarter, the bookings were solid but not spectacular. And your bookings in both Consulting and Outsourcing this quarter look really, really strong. I'm just wondering about the lumpiness of bookings on the positive side in the August quarter and what that might look like from a lumpiness standpoint as you move into the November quarter. And specifically, could you give us an idea of to what extent the Nokia deal contributed to the bookings in the August quarter as well?
Pamela J. Craig: Rod, so yes. Well, first of all, as you might imagine, we were very pleased with the bookings in -- regarding consulting, you may recall last quarter, we did expect then to tick up a bit in terms of the book-to-bill, and they did. And so that was good and I think the Outsourcing has just been building and coming on stronger each quarter. Most of those deals over $100 million that we had were in Outsourcing and saw a book-to-bill there of 1.5. So the Nokia deal was indeed in the quarter, but we don't comment specifically on that.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, do you expect the bookings trend in the November quarter to be a little less strong because potentially, not as helped by kind of chunky bookings items?
Pamela J. Craig: I think we do expect that they'll sort of build throughout the year, lumpy but do that, similar to the way they did in fiscal '11. So yes, potentially a little lighter.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then the follow-up question is really just about what's happening in the demand environment as you look forward. I mean, clearly, with your guidance, you're feeling comfortable with where things are. But I guess the question is, are you seeing any early signs of economic stress starting to affect demand patterns? Are you seeing any delays in decision-making, any projects being delayed? Are you seeing priorities that client shifting from growth or development towards maintenance and cost take-out to just to give us a gauge of whether there might be early signs of the economy starting to affect the demand patterns at all?
Pierre Nanterme: Rod, this is Pierre here. As we speak today and we have multiple conversation every day with our clients, we do not see that such things happening. We have very good discussions. I mean, clients are very well aware of what's happening outside. And indeed, they continue to think about how they're going to transform their operation to be more effective in the current environment. I mean, the trends we've talking about these last quarters are still there outside and we continue to see our clients investing.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just finally, as a clarification. I mean, your growth rate in the U.S. is remaining much stronger than in EMEA. Would you expect that to continue in fiscal '12?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, the growth rate that we provided for the Americas represented a reflected strength in the U.S. and Brazil and in Canada, all of them. And we do expect the U.S. to continue to be strong as we go forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just real quickly, when you think about the pace of bookings and what you guys have seen so far and what you're expecting for -- at least for the rest of this calendar year, how much of your visibility at this point comes from having a sense on calendar 2012 budgets or capital projections? So maybe if you could just sort of frame your own expectations for bookings, the target for fiscal '12 as it relates to any conversations you guys have had about calendar '12 tech budgets, if you will.
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, Julio, as you know, in our business, our visibility is much better in the first part of the year. And as we sit here today, we have roughly 13% more contracted revenue in place at this time this year versus last year, and that's based on strength in Outsourcing. So I think that the predictability in the second half of the year, given the macroeconomic uncertainty, especially in Europe, right, that's what we're thinking about. And but that's really -- and yes, calendar year budgets will kick in, but the visibility that we have right now is very good based on sort of the first few months, which especially affect consulting.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so that would explain kind of the back half kind of implied growth versus what you're expecting, at least, implied by the $6.8 billion to $7 billion. So sort of the tougher comps as you think about those in the back half of fiscal '11 comparing those to the back half of fiscal '12 will partly explain it, but clearly at this point, it just seems like there's some -- some element of that is just lower visibility as you really roll over into the second half of your fiscal '12 or is there anything beyond that to think about there?
Pamela J. Craig: No, I think that's fair.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Moshe Katri with Cowen and Company.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Pierre, can you talk a bit about what you are seeing out there, specifically in the U.K. and continental Europe? And again, kind of going back to some of the discussions that you're having with your customers, maybe talk about what's driving demand and what's kind of some of the concerns that you may have on those in terms of looking at those territories?
Pierre Nanterme: Of course, we all know that Europe is, as we speak, probably challenged, which are with the global economic environment, but more specifically, with that called [ph] the sovereign debt. We know, as well, that all the governments are working extremely hard, as we speak, to find the right solution. And we expect that, indeed, they're going to find the right solution, and so we can move forward. Now if you look at Europe, you have very different countries in different situations. I think the north of Europe is remaining strong, including Germany, and you have a good momentum in the economy, even France is doing well. If you look at all Europe, they are planning anything between 1% to 2% growth, and that kind of growth is probably what you have been experiencing these last years. To some extent there is nothing really new in that part of the world, who has been operating on slower economic growth for years. Now if you look at our clients, our clients are the largest and more global organization. So as you know, they are not operating only in Europe but they are operating on a global basis and when they consider their investments, they are considering investing on a scale, which is going beyond Europe per se. And that's the kind of discussion we have with them when it comes to the global operating model, merger and acquisition, global expansion, all the discussion we have are going beyond Europe per se.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Pam, just a follow-up. Regarding targets for fiscal 2012, you had a pretty big jump in your GDN headcount in fiscal year 2011. Do you have any kind of -- can you share with us some numbers?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, in fiscal '11, we hired 70,000 people and the first half of this past year was sort of on a run rate less than that. And we expect the first half of '12 to be roughly comparable to the first half of last year.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: That's for GDN and how about the total hiring?
Pamela J. Craig: That was for the total.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And how about GDN?
Pamela J. Craig: Probably similar, I don't really have that many details on that. But just in terms of -- I would expect it to be similar.
Operator: Next question is from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Pam, I wanted to ask a similar question on hiring, if I could. And if you think about any buckets of hiring, so to speak. In other words, where do you anticipate hiring in terms of -- I know you just mentioned the global GDN, but in terms of Consulting versus some of the Outsourcing areas of any kind of categorization you could give us on where the hiring will be targeted. And then the follow-up is just on the Financial Services. Look to be down a little bit sequentially, just wondering if you could help us think about Financial Services growth within the context of the guidance you provided, both for the quarter and the year.
Pamela J. Craig: Okay, great. So 2 separate questions. I think just in terms of recruiting, there's really nothing to point out there specifically. I mean, we're matching supply and demand for our business around the world, both locally and in the Global Delivery Network. So there's really not too much more color to add there. In terms of Financial Services, we do have our eye on the consulting part of Financial Services in Europe, probably for obvious reasons, just in terms of what's going on there. We have a lot of critical transformational work going on with those clients, as Pierre talked about. But we may see a little, just slight cutback in some other consulting work. And that is reflected in the Q4 results and also in our outlook.
Operator: We have Nathan Rozof with Morgan Stanley.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First off, I just wanted to ask about the pipeline, more of the velocity of deals kind of entering and moving through the pipeline. I mean, clearly, deals are still coming out in a very strong manner, but have you seen any change in the pace of new deals entering the pipeline or the speed with which they're -- you're able to convert kind of new prospects into wins?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes, I mean, I think, we of course, look at that and we look at the pipeline every which way. And the average days of the opportunities there in the pipeline is slightly up. But interestingly, with that trend, we ended up with a win rate that was higher. So that really then delivered the record bookings. And also, the way those bookings are converting into revenues is also faster at the moment. And so the conversion rate is very good, the aging, slightly up.
Nathan A. Rozof - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And are you guys seeing any increase -- related to that, are you seeing any increase in the level of scrutiny by the client in terms of number of sign-offs needed or the number of executives you have to sign off on new projects?
Pierre Nanterme: No. I mean, we've not seen any of these happening as we speak.
Operator: We'll go to Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just want to go back to revenue. You're obviously keeping the 7% to 10% revenue growth as we expected. But there is considerable investor skepticism. So is it possible to parse out in a little bit more detail, some of the sources of growth such as maybe globalization or how much of FY '11 bookings might flow through and what are you assuming for project activity maybe?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I will answer the question and I might give more color as we could. But overall, we are entering this year in a position of strength, as we mentioned before. We're pleased with the backlog we have. We are pleased with the level of the pipeline. We have good activity. And as we speak, we've not seen any change in the clients' behavior. When we look at the business, we can see growth in most of the dimension of our business, if you will. Most of the industries we are working with are on massive transformation for all sorts of good and valid reasons. We mentioned Financial Services. We all know what's happening in that industry, you have all the new imperative created with the Basel III, Solvency II and the need to change their operating model in the way which is more structural now than tactical in the past. And what I'm saying for Financial Services is true across the batch in all the industries. When you look at this from a geographic standpoint, of course, we are very pleased with our growth in our priority emerging markets, where we see as well more opportunities moving forward, and we are accelerating our growth in those markets. But as well, we continue to see good potential in the more mature economies as the need for transformation for all those big waves of globalization, regulation, more efficiency in the operations and as well, the new technology waves as being reasonably profound to carry forward in terms of the demand.
Pamela J. Craig: Just may be I'll just give you a little color on -- I mentioned the puts and takes on the 7% to 10% growth rate that we first talked about in April at our Investor/Analyst Day. And so just in terms of some of that, I mean, clearly, in the macro, we see that the forecast for GDP has ticked down, say, 0.5 point to 1 point in that time frame. And we have moderated our consulting growth in FS Europe as I had mentioned and also parts of Management Consulting. And then on the positive side, we indeed had the signing of the Nokia deal. We also had the 2 acquisitions in Financial Services, one signed, one about to be signed, that Pierre mentioned. And we also had higher run rate of revenues through the fourth quarter and with bookings, as I mentioned, that are converting at a faster pace. So that's how it all sort of kind of came out in terms of just at a high level in terms of the 7% to 10% that we see at this moment.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That all make good sense. Just wanted to ask a follow-on question on the flexibility of your cost structure, if I may. I mean, if we do happen to see fluctuations in the top line, to what extent do you retain flexibility in your cost structure today?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I think this is something that we view as job 2, after delivering revenue, which is indeed to manage our costs in line with the size of our business. And as you know, we have a lot of levers at our disposal that we manage in order to deliver operating margin. And we will, indeed, use those as necessary, both to deliver growth as we did this year where our business grew faster than we expected it to, and if it goes the other way, same thing. Pierre?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, my 3 favorite words, if you will, are growth, rigor and discipline, in that order. And I think when it comes to rigor and discipline, this is where the answer is coming. I think, for a long period of time, we have a track record of balancing supply-demand in the right way. We are extraordinarily specific in the way we forecast our business and we are looking in what's happening in every part of the world and our different organizations. And so this is what will continue to do to make sure that we are matching supply and demand in a very disciplined and rigorous way.
Operator: And next, we have Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to pick up on the comment you just made, Pam, in terms of puts and takes of where we were in April versus where we are now. And you mentioned a little bit of moderation in the Consulting revenue growth outlook. How should that or how does that feed into your expectations for the fiscal '12 bookings mix between Consulting and Outsourcing? How do you guys see that split playing out versus how it trended in fiscal '11?
Pamela J. Craig: I think we don't expect the mix of bookings to change significantly but it may tilt back towards Outsourcing slightly, that's how we see it today.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And when you think about the underlying drivers that enabled you guys to beat your original fiscal '11 guidance by the amount that you did, to what extent do you see some of those factors still being prevalent in the market as we think about the potential for upside to your fiscal '12 outlook? I mean, I guess, currency comes to mind as one and clearly, there doesn't appear there'll be as much of a lift fiscal '12 as there was in fiscal '11, but when you consider the non-FX-type factors, how should we think about those?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, if you look at this and reflect on fiscal year '11, as Pam mentioned, we have seen more deals in that range of bigger size, especially when it comes to the Outsourcing. And I think this trend is reflecting indeed the need for, on one hand, more transformation but as well, more transformation on the cost side. And I think this trend is reasonably profound in the business as all our clients will have to, one way or another, adjust the operating model to the new normal of the economy. They will need to structurally shift their cost and that's why I think we see that kind of trend around Business Process Outsourcing and Outsourcing.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So basically the big cost transformation deals in BPO, that's a continuing trend?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, we can see this trend of course is going to be important. Of course, we have many activities around working with our clients to generate more top line revenue with them, but it's the kind of balance between generating more revenues as well as continuing -- doing a better job in terms of cost-to-management and this is where all what we are providing in terms of cost management, procurement, sourcing, and Outsourcing is one of the element, is vibrant as we speak.
Pamela J. Craig: The other thing that I'll just add to that, Jason, is globalization and complexity. I mean, the clients are really trying to do some pretty big things in order to continue to invest to compete globally. And so that has really played to our strengths. And of course, what's happening with the tech wave, with Cloud, with Analytics, Mobility, those are all generating, I think, additional demand throughout this past year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question here is just, as you look back on sort of '08 and '09, maybe you could drill down on what you think is probably the most significant difference between the economic slowdown we have coming up now versus then. Is it a matter of clients having visibility now? Is it the underlying fundamental trend that you've you talked about? I wonder -- I want to give you a chance to sort of point that out to investors.
Pierre Nanterme: Joe, it's an excellent question, of course. I think what's different is, I mean, the current situation is not taking anyone by surprise. I think this is the main difference. I mean, the uncertainty is coming from a very specific situation in Europe, with the sovereign debt, in some very specific countries. And it's very public now that our governments, especially in Europe, are working hard to fix that problem. That's point #1. The point #2 is our clients are significantly stronger as we speak now. They reveal very strong cash position. They're all posting good results as we speak, if not record results. Some are much bigger and are operating on a much broader scale, so they are more resilient as well. And 3, they're getting in the current environment in a way which is, they are more fit, if you will. They are now more looking forward than on a pure short-term basis to understand what it takes to compete in the new environment in a way which is, again, probably more structural than tactical. So I think all of this is reasonably different compared to the same period in '08, '09.
Joseph D. Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then just my follow-up question. I guess, building on that, when we look at Europe, should we look at that on a country-by-country basis? And I know you talked about potentially seeing some slight cut back there, is that on a discretionary side on Financial Services? I'm just wondering how to think about Europe.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, probably, Europe, you're right, should be looked at in different countries, because when you look at this market, it is very different. As you know, Germany is doing very well, France is okay, the Nordic countries are still in good shape, the U.K. are trying to recover and then you have some very specific situation in the south. So indeed, it is very different. That being said, as we speak, and if you look at the IMF or all the economies that are still planning for Europe positive growth, slower but positive growth, that is the way we are looking at Europe, client-by-client, country-by-country and industry-by-industry.
Operator: And next, we have Arvind Ramnani from UBS.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Arvind. So you kind of initially talked about 7% to 10% growth for fiscal '12 in April of this year. And then, since then, you had 2 stronger-than-anticipated quarters, thereby kind of pushing out your fiscal '12 revenue goal post even further. So given kind of the weak macro and kind of the opportunity that you could have kind of essentially pull back some of your growth rates or as revenue goes, you will consider kind of looking at this 2 quarters and say, okay, let's get a little conservative or kind of none of the macro really is impacting you guys?
Pierre Nanterme: And as you've seen, we've been very consistent with the investor and analyst today, because I think the uncertainty on the macroeconomic environment has not happened these last 2 months. I mean, that was something which has been around for quite a while for reasons [indiscernible]. And we always have been factoring in our forecast the puts and takes in what might happen in the economic environment. We started to do that in April. We look at it every quarter to understand what's the situation and based on what we know from the client demand, what we understand from the macroeconomic environment, we continue to believe that the 7% to 10% is the right forecast for Accenture as we are entering fiscal year '12.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Also in the past, you have talked about your subcontractor costs for specialized skill sets kind of impacting margins. Now given sort of -- kind of the weaker macro, are you looking to convert more of these subcontractors to sort of permanent employees?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, you know, just on the subcontractor usage. I mean, we started out the year with using more of them, maybe than we had planned for, because of how the demand was coming in stronger and we've now backed off on that a little bit so that our subcontractor usage is not as -- is a little bit lesser part of our mix as we finished the year.
Arvind A. Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One last one, if I can slip it in. How are you kind of managing your recruiting and utilization rates given that attrition rates would probably kind of reduce over the next few months?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, like as we always do, Arvind, right? I mean, this is just what we expect to happen and sometimes, I mean, I think the level of attrition that we saw we view as a very healthy level in terms of -- and you know with, this is just -- as Pierre mentioned earlier, managing supply and demand is an extremely important part of what we do.
Operator: That will come from David Grossman with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Pam, last quarter, you talked about conversion rates improving, and I think you saw a similar dynamic, I think, you repeated this quarter. And that stands in contrast to maybe things sitting in the pipeline a little bit longer. Could you just help us understand perhaps what drives that dynamic?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, yes, I mean, things are sitting in the pipeline a little bit longer. However, in terms of things coming out of the pipeline, we were converting more, so that relates to win rate. And then also, we're converting it faster to revenue. Because sometimes things are booked but they don't become revenue for a while.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. And that's the sort of [indiscernible].
Pamela J. Craig: So that is -- I mean, we do see more contracts and work with clients that needs to get going faster in a bigger way. And in our mix, we saw that this quarter.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And is that typically a positive leading indicator when things do get finalized and closed, that they convert to revenue more quickly, in your experience?
Pamela J. Craig: Well, I believe it is, yes. I think it shows that the demand is strong, let's get started. And so clearly, I think that is a positive indicator, yes.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one other question. I know you don't manage the gross margin and you're more focused on operating margin. However, can you help us understand where the investment in the growth initiatives that started a while back, was that primary headwind to gross margin in 2011 versus '10? And can you help us understand how to think about what are the puts and takes to gross margin next year?
Pamela J. Craig: I mean, just to answer this question specifically about initiatives, most of those flow through on the sales and marketing line. So they're not in gross margin per se. And I think that just what happens between the sales and marketing line in gross margin is that there are various things that people do in addition to serving contracts that is in gross margin that goes into both of those lines. And so sometimes, you just sort of see some back-and-forth between those during the year.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And is there any sense can give in terms of how we should think of gross margin next year in '12?
Pamela J. Craig: No, because we guide and manage the business to operating margin, and so I would stick with that.
Pierre Nanterme: So thanks again for joining us on today's call. As you heard, we're very pleased with our excellent performance in fiscal year '11 and now entering fiscal year '12 from a position of strength. Our strategy and our offerings are closely aligned with our clients' long-term competitive needs, as the 236,000 Accenture men and women around the world are fully mobilized and focused on running our business efficiently and on delivering solid business outcomes to our clients. In closing, we remain confident in our ability to drive profitable growth through the focused execution of our strategy. We look forward to talking with you again on our Q1 fiscal year '12 earnings call in December. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow up. All the best.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7:00 p.m. today through midnight, December 14. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 214430. International callers, dial 1 (320) 365-3844 using the same access code 214430. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you first anticipation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-06-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Craig - Chief Financial Officer KC McClure -  Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP George Price - BB&T Capital Markets Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Nathan Rozof - Morgan Stanley David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Arvind Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
KC McClure: Thank you, Michelle, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Michelle just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2011, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, KC, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. I'm very pleased to tell you about our excellent third quarter results, which demonstrate the strong momentum we have seen in our business. Here are a few highlights. We generated outstanding new bookings of $7.1 billion, our highest in 11 quarters. Consulting bookings were $3.7 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.4 billion. We grew revenues 15% in local currency to more than $6.7 billion, our highest quarterly revenues ever.  Earnings per share were $0.93, also a quarterly record. This represents an increase of $0.20 or 27% over Q3 last year. We grew operating income 18% to $949 million and delivered operating margin of 14.1%.  We continue to have a very strong balance sheet, with a cash balance of $5.3 billion, and we continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and the payment of our semiannual dividends.  We are particularly pleased that our growth is broad-based across industries, growth platforms and geographies, both mature and emerging. And given our strong year-to-date performance, we have raised our outlook for revenues, EPS and cash flow for the full fiscal year. Now I will turn the call over to Pam, who will provide more detail on the numbers.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's fiscal year 2011 third quarter financial results. We delivered very strong quarterly revenues, hitting a new record. In fact, each of our 5 operating groups hit a new quarterly high driven by, as Pierre just said, broad-based demand. We also achieved record high EPS results for the quarter as we continue to drive and sustain profitable growth.  Now let's get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or the recalculations. New bookings for the quarter were $7.1 billion and reflect the positive 6% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the third quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $3.7 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.4 billion.  Let me give you some details first in consulting. In Management Consulting, clients are hiring us to help them target and action opportunities to deliver value in their operations, to reduce their costs, to grow their top lines through sales and services differentiation, to implement improved compliance and risk management and to integrate operations they acquire.  In Technology Consulting, our unique position in the technology ecosystem continues to serve us well. Clients value our independence and track record. We are helping our clients to rationalize their infrastructures through virtualization and consolidation and to build IT strategies for transformation and streamlining of their global operations.  System Integration bookings continue to reflect strong demand for ERP, particularly to support global expansion and to extend ERP for data management and analytics. We saw an uptick in bookings for application modernization, both through platforming and replacement. Client focus is also increasing around Web development and new technologies to support growing wireless services demand. In addition, Software-as-a-Service demand is building in key functions such as sales management and ERP.  Turning to outsourcing, in Technology Outsourcing, demand remains strong as clients continue to be focused on reducing the costs of their legacy systems. At many of our clients, we are being asked to do more in enhancements and add-on work. Also, some clients are now integrating newer mobile technologies and upgrading their networks and data centers.  Finally, BPO bookings in Q3 reflect continued demand for both our horizontal offerings, especially finance and accounting and procurement, and for our industry-specific solutions, particularly health.  Now turning to revenue. Net revenues for the third quarter were $6.7 billion, an increase of 21% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency over the same period last year. These revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of positive 6% compared with Q3 last year. These revenues were above our guided range of $6.3 billion to $6.5 billion, a range that had assumed a foreign exchange impact of positive 4%. Adjusting for actual exchange rates, we are $120 million higher than the top end of the range we provided in March. This was partly driven by Japan results that were better than we expected then.  There was strong double-digit revenue growth and record high quarterly revenues across many dimensions of our business. Record Consulting revenues were $3.97 billion, an increase of 23% in U.S. dollars and 17% in local currency. Record Outsourcing revenues were $2.75 billion, an increase of 17% in U.S. dollars and 12% in local currency.  I'll take you through some details by operating group. Resources revenues grew 22% in local currency and were dominated by very significant growth in Consulting. Consulting growth continues to be led by demand for ERP programs in many parts of the globe. Outsourcing revenues continue to be driven by operational effectiveness in IT and financial business processes.  In Financial Services, revenues grew 19% in local currency and reflected strength in both Consulting and Outsourcing. Our clients are continuing to invest in replacing their core systems and are also generating continued demand for post-merger integrations, operational effectiveness, risk and regulatory services and global operating models.  Communications & High Tech revenues increased 16% in local currency and reflected balanced Consulting and Outsourcing growth around the world. Consulting demand continues to be driven by a focus on operational improvements, improving customer service and supporting new products and services through provisioning platforms.  Strong Outsourcing revenue growth reflected clients' continued focus on improving their operations, particularly in supply chain procurement and finance.  The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of 14% that was driven by very strong and well-balanced growth across the Products' industries in consulting. ERP and infrastructure offerings provided the foundation of the growth, which also reflected demand for operational effectiveness, supply chain and sales and customer solutions.  Finally, Health & Public Services revenues increased 3% driven by health, where we continue to experience very strong demand for our health offerings, including connected health and electronic medical records.  Public Service revenues declined due to continued budget pressure and economic uncertainty, particularly in U.S. state and local and several countries in EMEA and the Americas. Modest growth continued in U.S. federal. We expect Public Service to remain challenged. Our repositioning of the Public Service business continues and will continue over the medium term.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 34.4% compared with 34.7% for the same period last year, reflecting a 30 basis point decrease. Our contract's profitability improved during the quarter as we made strides in improving pricing and resource mix on our contracts.  Sales and marketing expense was $832 million or 12.4% of net revenues compared with $714 million or 12.8% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, a decrease of 40 basis points. General and administrative expense was $527 million or 7.8% of net revenues compared with $410 million or 7.4% of net revenues for the third quarter last year. Included in G&A for this quarter were the provision for litigation matters in the amount of $75 million, which had a negative impact of 110 basis points, offset by management of other G&A costs at a growth rate lower than revenues for an impact of positive 70 basis points. We booked the provision as part of our ongoing process of assessing litigation matters and making adjustments when appropriate.  Operating income was $949 million, reflecting a 14.1% operating margin. This compares with $804 million or 14.4% operating margin in the third quarter last year, a decrease of 30 basis points.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27% compared with 29.8% for the third quarter last year. This difference was primarily due to a number of factors that impact the geographic mix of income, partially offset by a net increase in reserves related to ongoing tax audits.  Net income was $699 million for the third quarter, an increase of 24% over the same quarter last year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were a record $0.93, an increase of 27% compared with $0.73 in the third quarter last year. The $0.20 increase is made up of $0.08 from higher revenue and operating results in local currency, $0.04 from a lower effective tax rate, $0.04 from favorable foreign exchange rates, $0.03 from a lower share count and $0.01 from higher nonoperating income.  Now let's turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was a record $1.24 billion, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $1.35 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $113 million.  Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding were 32 days, consistent with 32 days in the second quarter and up from 30 days at the end of last fiscal year. Our total cash balance at May 31 was $5.3 billion versus $4.8 billion at the end of August.  Now turning to some key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global headcount of more than 223,000 people, with close to 130,000 people in our Global Delivery Network. In Q3, our utilization was 85%. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 15% compared with 14% in Q2. Lastly, we are on track to hire at least 66,000 people around the world this year.  Before I turn things back to Pierre, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. On May 13, 2011, we made our second semiannual dividend payment for fiscal '11 in the amount of $0.45 per share, bringing total dividend payments for the fiscal year to $644 million. Also in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 11.4 million shares for $644 million at an average price of $56.40 per share and are on track to deliver the 3% reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding this fiscal year. Year-to-date, we have purchased 29.7 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion and $48.57 per share. At May 31, we had approximately 1.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  To sum up, our strong results in the third quarter of fiscal '11 are evidence of our consistent ability to drive profitable growth across the dimensions of our business and notably in technology-related services. As fiscal '11 draws to a close, we remain focused on positioning the business for continued profitable growth in the future.  Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you an update on some key aspects of our growth strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pamela. Clearly, our excellent results in Q3 so that we are leveraging marketplace opportunities and executing our growth strategy with great discipline. Our focus remains on superior execution, driving sustainable and profitable growth through technology leadership and industry differentiation and delivering value to our clients and shareholders.  We continue to bring the best of Accenture to our clients, growing both the number and depths of those relationships. We are the partner of choice for the world's leading companies, helping them with their most complex mission-critical issues. We are supporting our clients in every major geographic market in which they operate, including our 10 priority emerging markets which together, grew at a significantly higher rate in Q3 than Accenture overall.  We are expanding our technology leadership through our new initiatives, leveraging our unique position as the leading partner for preeminent technology companies. In Mobility, we just announced a major agreement with Nokia to shape up their strategy to transition to the Windows Phone. This agreement will greatly enhance the scale of our Mobility parties through the addition of highly skilled technologies who complement our existing Mobility resources and capabilities.  In Analytics, we opened new innovation centers in Dublin and Barcelona to develop assets and solutions. These new centers, combined with our Analytics capabilities in Milan, Delhi and Mumbai form the core of the growing global network of Analytics innovation centers.  In Cloud, we are developing the leadership position in implementing Software-as-a-Service solutions, helping our clients with everything from creating their cloud strategies to implement public and private clouds.  We are investing in our industry expertise, which continues to be a key differentiator for Accenture. We have an unmatched depths of industry skills, with more than 100,000 people in our operating groups and growth platforms aligned with specific industries.  To accelerate the execution of our growth strategy, we have prioritized our investments around specific industries where we see opportunity for even greater return. One of these is health where this year, we have made great progress in accelerating growth through our differentiated asset and offerings.  Finally, we continue to run Accenture as a high-performance business. As a result, we've been able to deliver strong financial performance and grow market share in virtually every segment of our business.  Before I hand over to Pam, I would like to comment on the macroeconomic environment. Clearly, there is still volatility and uncertainty in the marketplace as governments, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, deal with the days of deficits and debt. However, we also note that the global economy is forecast to grow in the range of 4% this year, and the Global 2000, our clients, are accelerating their investments to compete on the global stage. We are dealing with the challenges of globalization, increased regulation and the need for operational efficiency.  Transformation continues to be an imperative for our clients, and this is driving demand for our services. Now let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Pierre. This business outlook for fiscal year 2011 includes fourth quarter revenues and our final view on the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.4 billion to $6.6 billion or local currency growth of 10% to 14%, reflecting some moderation in the year-over-year growth rate as we had expected. This range assumes a foreign exchange uplift of 8% for the quarter that is based on the rates over the last couple of weeks.  Turning to the full fiscal year. We are now assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% for the full fiscal year, which has trended up from the positive 2% assumption we provided last quarter. Based on our year-to-date results of 16% revenue growth in local currency and the outlook just provided for Q4, we now expect our fiscal '11 revenue to be in the range of 14% to 15% growth in local currency.  Turning to bookings. After 3 quarters, we have over $20 billion in bookings year-to-date. We now expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land at the upper end of our previously guided range of $25 billion to $28 billion.  Turning to operating margin. We are at 13.5% year-to-date. We do expect year-over-year operating margin expansion in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect operating margin for the full fiscal year to be in the range of 13.6% to 13.7%.  We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%, a reduction of 1% from our previously guided range.  We now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $3.36 to $3.40. This increased range reflects U.S. dollar growth of 26% to 28% year-over-year and includes our latest, more positive assumptions on revenue, foreign exchange and the annual effective tax rate.  Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion, with property and equipment additions now expected to be $400 million and free cash flow in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. This represents a $100 million lift in our cash flow outlook.  At our Investor and Analyst Day on April 14, I provided a preliminary view into our fiscal '12 targets for revenue growth in local currency, the growth rate of our earnings per share in U.S. dollars and cash to be returned to shareholders. These targets, including annual revenue growth of 7% to 10% in local currency, continue to be our preliminary view at this point. Our business is expanding, and we could expect this to continue to, albeit at a lower rate of growth going forward.  I will provide our full business outlook for fiscal '12, including any impact of updated currency assumptions when we do our Q4 earnings call at the end of September.  In summary, we are pleased with how well growth has returned to our business this fiscal year, particularly in the 4 commercial operating groups, as well as in the health part of Health & Public Service. Of course, we are vigilant and prepared to navigate the economic volatility and uncertainty in markets around the world. We believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth based on our commitment to industry differentiation and technology leadership and our proven ability to manage our global business at scale.  KC, let's take some questions.
KC McClure: Thanks, Pam. I would ask that you each keep your questions limited to one question and one follow-up to allow as many participants as possible to ask questions. Michelle, would you provide instructions for those in the call please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A couple of questions. First, just on the, I guess, the guidance, obviously, you gave in the first quarter 10% or 14% is pretty strong, better than we expected despite a tough comp. I mean, given this run rate, I'm curious. Should we be changing or taking on the 7% to 10% growth in fiscal '12 at all? I know you're not going to give us guidance now but just at a higher level, given the higher run rate but also the tough comp that it creates. Just trying re-think about recapping that fiscal '12 number.
Pamela Craig: Well, no. I mean, as I just said, 7% to 10% is where we see it at this point, and we have taken into account that the year is coming out a little stronger.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. Yes, I figured that out, just given the strength is definitely there. My follow-up is, I guess, on the Consulting side. Obviously, the revenue number there was quite good, but the book-to-bill actually came in a little bit lower than we expected. It looks like below recent trends. Anything to read into that, Pam?
Pamela Craig: No. I think I may have even mentioned last quarter that we were expecting that this quarter in Consulting. And the bookings last quarter $3.8 billion, this quarter $3.7 billion, but our Consulting business does continue to expand and we expect it to tick back up next quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. Because it looks like just based on your bookings guidance and positive prepaid booking number for the quarter -- so anything chunky in there that is already booked that is worth calling out?
Pamela Craig: Well, we announced the deal this week with Nokia, and I'm not going to tell you the size of it but it is one of those ones that's over $100 million.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. Good stuff, appreciate it.
Operator: Rod Bourgeois of Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great to see the revenues continuing to come through. A question on the bookings front. Were your May quarter bookings affected by any year-to-year change in duration? Or are there other factors causing your recent bookings to convert into revenues at a faster rate than what is normal?
Pamela Craig: It's interesting, Rod. We did see the bookings convert quickly to revenue, maybe a little bit more than we expected, which I think makes up for the other part of why the revenues came in a little higher than we -- even more over the top end of the range. But there's nothing else to the first part of your question that we see in there.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Well, I mean, at this stage of the cycle, it would seem natural that you would be seeing somewhat of a shift from the high end Consulting business, where you're helping clients plan things, more into the Systems Integration business, where you're helping clients implement things. Is that sort of a transition that's now occurring that's affected the near-term bookings but then as the year wears on in Systems Integration and the implementation work picks up, is that sort of why you signal that bookings, I think even in consulting next quarter should be stronger? Is there a transition happening along those lines? Or is there some other factor that causes bookings to improve as you move into the next quarter on a year-over-year growth basis?
Pamela Craig: It was really just about the pipeline and how we saw the stuff coming through. I think in Management Consulting and Technology Consulting this year, we've been running really, really hot. And so it's just sort of kind of a catching up piece that's happening here. But we continue to see strong demand across all 3 parts of our Consulting business.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a real quick clarification on the margin front. I'm assuming your guidance for operating margin, which is you're guiding to slight expansion for the year, that's after including the impact of this litigation reserve that you took in the recent quarter?
Pamela Craig: Yes.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. So that's a true GAAP operating margin expansion number?
Pamela Craig: Yes, it is.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: All right. Perfect.
Operator: Julio Quinteros, Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the revenue part, maybe I'll just start with Pierre on this one because actually, it's primarily directed to you. The revenue productivity per head looks like it's actually up a little bit both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. I'm trying to get a sense directly about what this means in terms of pricing. Or is this more mix shift as you kind of think about Global Delivery versus Consulting? Maybe you're seeing more Consulting work. Can you talk a little bit about the environment for pricing and maybe what's driving some of the benefits to the revenue productivity on a kind of a per headcount basis?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. To comment on our productivity, indeed from a pricing standpoint, as we mentioned probably in the prior quarter but we can confirm that in this quarter as well, we definitely see stabilization when it comes to the pricing and even some potential uplift in some parts of our business. But definitely, it's moving in the right direction.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then on the headcount plan for the year, I believe that the 66,000, that's up a little bit from the previous number that you had. I think it was 64,000 before, if I'm not mistaken, for gross heads.
Pamela Craig: That's right, Julio.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And is there a sense on where that mix is going? It looks like a big part of the headcount addition is still very overweight, the Global Delivery model. Should we think about that as still kind of the plan here relative to sort of building out the SI [System Integration] capabilities on the offshore side? Or is there something different to be thinking about there?
Pierre Nanterme: I think the answer is indeed, I mean, we continue to grow our people in our Global Delivery Network, and we will continue to do so next year as well. Now that being said, given the nature of the demand we are facing and the nature of the work as well, we continue to hire people on more onshore and country basis so it's a mix of both, but clearly we continue to hire very significantly in our Global Delivery Network.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. Okay, guys. I'll yield the floor.
Operator: Jamie Friedman, Susquehanna.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: You're lifting the free cash flow by about $100 million just in the near term. I know the board meets this summer to discuss. I was wondering if you could talk at least philosophically about what to do with the $5.3 billion in cash when you're balancing the consideration between the repurchase as the [indiscernible] continue to reduce [ph] the dividend, talk between the repurchase and the dividend.
Pamela Craig: Sure. And as you correctly stated, we will be meeting with the board next month and doing our planning for fiscal year '12, where we will indeed plan both of those pieces and look at the allocation between both of them so it would be premature for me at this point to signal anything there. We're certainly well aware that we do have this cash balance. We do believe it's a nice problem to have, and we will continue to look for tactical tuck-in acquisitions to use that cash as well.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, and then maybe if I could just follow up, Pierre, on the operating side. Look, these numbers were tremendous. It's just human analytical nature to focus on the one. How bad is the Public Service sector because you don't -- you don't decompose that between healthcare? So how bad is that? Is it going to get worse in fiscal '12?
Pierre Nanterme: It's declining. It's not that bad. It's just not moving in the right direction given the overall environment. People will be, "Oh no. What's happening with the government?", especially in some specific regions. And I think about U.S., some parts of Europe and even some parts of Latin America is raising some question around investors or investment. Now that being said, we are repositioning that practice with our Public Sector leadership to make sure that we're going to capture the opportunity for growth moving forward. And especially we're doing that in 3 areas, all going to be related to the human services, especially all around the welfare benefit and pension, which are going to be growing market moving forward. All is related to operational management, all the finance and HR operations. And as well, we see some good opportunities in all the defense and public sector, especially around border protection and other activities. So we see some future areas for growth, and we are repositioning our practice to take those opportunities in the coming months.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: That's a great answer.
Operator: Ashwin Shirvaikar, Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And my first question is the CapEx of $400 million, modestly lower than what you expected earlier even though you see pretty good Outsourcing bookings here the last couple of quarters. Can you comment on some of the things you might be doing around capital efficiency and what should we expect going forward?
Pamela Craig: Yes. That was really just a tweak, and most of that capital does indeed go into building out our Global Delivery Network. And again, that's where most of that goes and has gone and will go.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And Pierre, you had a comment about the top and emerging markets growing much faster than the core. I guess that's why they're emerging. But how big are they put altogether? And what changes should investors expect in either operating or financial metrics as that becomes an increasingly material part of the business?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, thanks for the question. And indeed, in the IA [Investor and Analyst] Day I think we mentioned that those 10 markets put together representing the range of $3 billion in Accenture revenues to give you a sense of what that is and our objective is to move from $3 billion to $6 billion in the next horizon of 2015.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And the second part of that question, if you could, what changes should investors expect in either operating or financial metrics as that becomes -- $6 billion is a pretty big number. That's very good build in 4 years.
Pamela Craig: I think, I mean, as you know philosophically, our objectives in terms of revenue for Accenture overall are to grow ahead of the market. And in operating margin, balancing all the puts and takes and everything that goes in there, including investments, which we will make in these emerging markets, is to strive for modest expansion.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. If I can squeeze in a housekeeping. The higher share count, even though you did a pretty big purchase of 11 million shares, can you explain what's going on?
Pamela Craig: Yes. What happened there was we actually didn't go into the market until after our IA Day on April 14. So the repurchases that we made this quarter were very weighted to the end of the quarter, and so that just -- the way that calculation is done, it looks that way but you'll see it go down next quarter.
Operator: Nathan Rozof, Morgan Stanley.
Nathan Rozof - Morgan Stanley: One thing I wanted to delve into here, just to kind of focus back on demand. In particular, when you guys were going through the drivers of growth on the operating group level, you kept referring back to ERP as being one of the primary drivers. I think that might surprise some folks just given that the kind of lingering concerns about the macro environment, just since ERP projects tend to be larger and more complex. So I was wondering if you could give us any color on the client behavior that's driving those investments in particular. And are you seeing some really strong demand from ERP in your bookings as well as revenues?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So on this and what's happening in terms of drivers, we have been seriously working with all those large companies belonging to the G2000, so you need to figure out what their needs are. And indeed, they're facing a huge transformation when it comes to globalization. They made acquisitions they need to integrate now and as well to significantly improve their operational efficiency in order to compete against the new world. So indeed, they need to rationalize their operation and the one way to do it is through ERPs. But when we talk about ERPs as well, they're all developing new features, if you will, especially around Mobility and Analytics, so it's a natural extension of the ERP implementation we are doing. But you need to put that in the context of acquisitions and globalization that the need for them to better run their operation with more efficiency.
Nathan Rozof - Morgan Stanley: And then I just wanted to follow-up with you on your strategy of expanding the business and Accenture's footprint more into developing countries. I just wanted to follow up and see; one, can you give us any update on the regions that you've highlighted before that may or may not be growing the fastest? As well as are you seeing any impact from buyers in those countries as it would relate to concerns about contagion for macro concerns in the developing world?
Pierre Nanterme: When you look at this, I mean, 10 countries, I mean, you will find the usual suspect of the BRIC and you would add South Korea, you would add Mexico, Turkey, Middle East, South Africa and you're getting to the kind of 10 core emerging markets, and we want to have a footprint in each and every continent as well, which is very important for us. They're growing faster than the average of Accenture. We want to be in those economies because indeed, they're growing as well, faster than the more mature markets. And today, we are very pleased with our progress so far.
Operator: Arvind Ramnani, UBS.
Arvind Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank: A couple of quarters back, you talked about your transformational type concerning deals being funded in a more piecemeal fashion. Has there been any change in the dynamic given sort of the macro scenario?
Pamela Craig: Not really, Arvind. I mean, I think that funding them in sort of more smaller chunks more carefully is indeed the trend and we see that continuing. And we do see transformation projects indeed continuing.
Arvind Ramnani - UBS Investment Bank: Great, great. And is there any notable change in the duration of your Consulting bookings?
Pamela Craig: No. There really isn't at this point. We looked at that and it was roughly stable.
Operator: David Grossman, Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You've had great results and your business is frequently viewed as late cycle. However, given this backdrop of concerns about economic growth slowing, can you help us understand how we should think about the risks or the buffers that are already incorporated in your 2012 guidance in a slowing environment?
Pamela Craig: Well, I think -- I mean, as you know, I think we really try to be as thoughtful as we can about that. And one of the things that's just clearly the case -- and certainly, we all recognize how much uncertainty and volatility there is out there. But as Pierre mentioned earlier, I mean, we work with the Global 2000, and all of them are focused on very strategic agendas when it comes to globalization, all of the new regulation that's going in, the need to innovate, the need to compete on the global stage. And so we see -- I mean, all of this planning is done very bottom-up, top-down sort of every which way, based on the kinds of things we do, the kinds of offerings we have and the kinds of needs of these clients. So we do our best to take all that into account and also recognize that demand patterns do change. For example, in Japan, there will be different things that our clients there will need, both the public sector as well as their commercial clients. So part of that is anticipating that, being proactive about that and then being positioned for that.
David Grossman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's actually very helpful. One other question I have is on Global Delivery. And the proliferation of Global Delivery has had a fairly prolific impact on the delivery of professional services in developed countries over the past several years. Perhaps you can share with us your view of how Global Delivery is evolving within those markets and contrast it to the role Global Delivery will play in the emerging markets given how important those are becoming?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I mean, Global Delivery Network for us is where we are delivering, is our industrial's strength, it's all about the manufacturing of the technology of Accenture, if you will. And it's going to remain extremely important. We want in our delivery network to move to the next level of operational efficiency. We want to drive more and more end-to-end programs. We want to deliver to develop key roles around very specific assets and solution or around very specific technology such as the Mobility and the cloud or even the analytics, as I mentioned, with the Mumbai and the Delhi delivery centers. So that's playing a big role in supporting our expansion into mature markets. But as well, when you look at the more emerging markets, we are leveraging our Global Delivery Network because for us, as you know, it is in multiple countries so it's not only India, but we have the Philippines. We have as well the Global Delivery Network in Latin America, in Brazil, in Argentina and as well in China. So this is the way we see the Global Delivery Network in the way to support mature and emerging markets.
Operator: Dave Koning, Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: In EMEA, you had one of the strongest Q3s ever. I think the strongest Q3 ever sequentially in terms of revenue growth. And I would imagine, I know some of that's currency related but regardless, very strong. I'm just wondering, any change in tone out of Europe later in Q3 or into June? Or has that growth maintained a very strong pace?
Pierre Nanterme: I think so far we see a strong demand in Europe, double-digit growth when you look at the result we have delivered. We do not see any dramatic change in the buying pattern over there. Again, we're working mainly with the large multinationals in Europe, and many of those companies are, of course, operating outside Europe as well, and we are supporting them. Yes, indeed from Europe but in many of their programs, which are much more global.
Pamela Craig: Yes. And it was very strong growth in Consulting and, interestingly, nearly every country posted up growth.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And then just as a follow-up, BPO, you mentioned bookings were also strong in the quarter. Some of the pure-play Indian BPO firms talk about strong pipelines, but they've had longer sales cycles. And I'm just wondering, I'm sure your pipeline's also strong. I'm just wondering, has there been any change in, I guess, sales cycle shortening now and getting deals signed?
Pamela Craig: I think that trend of longer sales cycles, we have seen a bit of that as well. And it doesn't particularly concern us, I think, from the standpoint of we're confident about how those bookings will come on, but we have seen a little lengthening there.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, great.
Operator: Darrin Peller, Barclays.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Pierre, just first on the big picture, can you help us understand? When we saw a very, very strong growth again in Financial Services and in Products and some other areas, it seems like there's some underlying drivers that some might argue are less sensitive to the macroeconomic picture than others. Could you just talk a little bit about the drivers that should theoretically continue to support growth regardless of sort of the macro picture and how it plays out, given how uncertain things are at the moment into next year? Is there enough power in these drivers to support growth, even mild growth, if there was a scenario where the economy turned down?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. And we see, as a minimum, 4 main drivers -- that's coming in my mind as we speak. I mean, the first one is the power of globalization. I mean, despite all what we could hear on protectionism, we believe that globalization will continue and is a key trend and force for clients. To be more specific, they've all been making some significant acquisitions in the past couple of years, and now, they would have to integrate those acquisition to drive more synergies and more efficiency. Of course, the second big driver is around the increased regulation, and that's something which is a kind of must-do. Clearly in Financial Services, you all know about the Solvency II, about the Basel III but you can take the same imperative in the chemical industry, in the pharma industry and in many of the industries outside, especially in energy as well. And most of those clients, especially the big one, are close to complying with those regulation. The need as well for operational efficiency. I mean, productivity is the name of the game. If you want to compete, you need to drive more efficiency out of your operations. And if you're operating on a global stage, I mean, that requires a lot of work and this is why you see more BPO, more Outsourcing kind of work, more of those activities. And finally, especially in the efficiency, all those new technologies are kicking in. And you should combine the Cloud, the Mobility, with all the Analytics, all our clients that need those technology in order to drive more efficiency. So efficiency, globalization, regulation, I mean those are big trends and big forces which should be outside there for quite a while.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Yes. I mean, it just seems like there's enough drivers underlying the business today that might make this somewhat of a different time in terms of resilience in almost any cycle. Pam, just a quick follow-up for you. You maintained a margin guidance of 10 to 20 basis points despite the year-over-year decline in the quarter, and just you noted the underlying contract profitability improved during the quarter, given pricing in the mix and improvement, I think. But can you help us understand the trend of the cost structure underlying that? Maybe just higher-level also, is there an opportunity for that to really see a further benefit down the road from the GDN?
Pamela Craig: Well, as we discussed on Investor and Analyst Day, and Kevin [Campbell] was there, I mean we never will give up on continuing to drive efficiency and productivity in our cost to serve. And that did indeed yield well for us in the third quarter, and we expect that trend continue in the fourth. And that is why I feel confident at this point about our operating margin expansion for the year.
Operator: Joseph Foresi, Janney Montgomery.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I guess my first question here is we've seen Consulting and people characterize it as sort of a late-cycle recovery. I wonder if you could characterize for us what stage you think that the demand for that offering's in? And are we are in the early stages of the rebound? Are we peaking? I know you reported record numbers again this quarter and maybe you could give some color on why you feel that way.
Pierre Nanterme: Well, we could tell you the demand is remaining robust because of those big trends I mentioned before. So I'm not sure we can characterize whether we are early in the cycle or late in the cycle. We are in the cycle, we're indeed. And again many of those large corporations, they have to act now, they have to do something in order to again compete at those regulation, being compliant with those regulation. So we are in a cycle which seems to be providing good demand for our services.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then just secondly. I know we've talked about the public sector, but is there any other area that, I guess, is potentially concerning to you, either from a macro perspective or on the ground to any of your services, verticals and offerings, something that maybe you're keeping an eye on right now and maybe why that is?
Pierre Nanterme: We're probably keeping an eye on all our babies, but clearly, we're putting a stronger eye on public sector, and we are working around this repositioning and we will get there. I think what we are investing in, in terms of differentiated offerings will be, I think, very spectacular in that field. If you look at the other commercial operating group, as we say in Accenture, they're all providing extraordinary strong today revenue growth.
Pamela Craig: Yes. They're all firing well and it's broad-based across the world as well.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, great.
KC McClure: Michelle, we have time for one more question, and then Pierre will wrap up the call.
Operator: George Price, BB&T Capital Markets.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: A lot of questions around demand, so I'm going to switch over to something else. Can you talk a little bit more about the litigation reserve and kind of what's going on with that? Is that for one or a small number of specific matters? Is that related to tax matters at all? Why the timing now? Just a little bit more color around that?
Pamela Craig: Yes, it's not on taxes. The reserve was primarily related to one matter, but we're not going to comment specifically on any matter. And we don't expect to be accruing at that level going forward, and we don't see a significant change to our profile at this point.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: Is this matter a recent matter or more ongoing?
Pamela Craig: Not going to comment on it, George, okay?
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. Then I guess maybe I guess I will switch over back to...
Pamela Craig: Go back to demand, we like demand.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess I can't help a little bit maybe in feeling like the tone -- a little cautious, maybe a little hesitant despite everything that's going on. And just in talking about fiscal '12 and at this point you still see things the way that they are. There are a lot of concerns, a lot going on out there. And looking back in Consulting bookings, sometimes you see fiscal 3Q as the strongest one, sometimes fiscal 2Q. And I guess what I want to get to is did you see anything unusual in terms of moving around? Any cancellations, any deferrals? Because you mentioned that you expect Consulting bookings to kind of tick up next quarter. So is that, that you had some stuff slip and why did it slip and if you can maybe comment on that?
Pamela Craig: Yes, I'd be happy to. There was nothing unusual. I think I signaled last quarter that I thought the Consulting bookings might moderate a little bit, and I think it was just -- when you're running so hot as we have been this year, we just expected just a little kind of breath catching and then back to it. So there really isn't anything unusual that we see at this point. Even looking at last year, I'm just looking at the Consulting bookings, the third quarter was the lowest of the year. So there's nothing really funny happening here. And there really isn't anything. As I said, we expect them to tick back up next quarter.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then just in kind of follow-up to that, our clients -- when would clients be making -- would clients be making any sort of midyear decisions maybe on budget or spending plan? I mean, if some of these macro concerns did start to weigh and did start to influence their decision-making, would you expect to see any of that midyear, possibly as you go through reporting next quarter? Or any thoughts on that just in terms of what we should kind of listen for?
Pamela Craig: We haven't seen anything on that. Of course, if we did, we'd share it with you. But we haven't seen anything on that.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. What country in Europe didn't grow or countries? Sneak one more in.
Pamela Craig: The Netherlands.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: Interesting. Okay, great.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you for -- I think it's time to wrap up probably at this time. So thanks a lot for joining us on the call today. As you heard, we are extremely pleased not only with our strong performance in the third quarter, but also with the good momentum in our business. Next month, on July 19, we will mark the 10th anniversary of Accenture's IPO. Many of you on the call today have been shareholders in those early days. And to you and to all of our investors, I want to say thank you for your continued support. Of course, our success over the past 10 years will not be possible without Accenture's dedicated team of 223,000 men and women around the world who are incredibly committed to the success of our clients.  In closing, we believe that we have the right positioning, the right strategy, and we are executing at scale and at speed to drive our growth agenda forward. We look forward to talking with you again on our Q4 earnings call. Until then, if you have any questions, please feel free to call KC to make arrangements for follow-up. All the best.
Pamela Craig: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 7:00 p.m. today until September 28 at midnight. You may access AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, entering the access code 204978. International participants, dial 1 (320) 365-3844 and again that access is 204978. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-03-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Craig - Chief Financial Officer Company Speaker -  Pierre Nanterme - Chief Executive Officer and Director
Analysts: Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley George Price - BB&T Capital Markets Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank AG Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'd like to turn the conference over to Managing Director of Investor Relations, K.C. McClure [ph].
Company Speaker: Thank you, Doug, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Doug just mentioned, I'm K.C. McClure [ph], Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer.  We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter.  Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2011, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliation of those measures where appropriate to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Pierre.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, K.C. [ph], and thanks, everyone, for joining us. It's a pleasure for me to be with you today on my first earnings call as Chief Executive Officer. I'm pleased to report that we had a very strong second quarter, continuing the good momentum of the past few quarters. Let me share a few highlights. We generated outstanding new bookings of $7 billion, our highest in 10 quarters, including our second-highest Consulting bookings ever. Revenues were $6 billion, exceeding the upper end of our guiding range. We had very strong growth in both U.S. dollars and local currency across our operating groups and geographic regions.  We delivered very strong earnings per share of $0.75, an increase of $0.15 or 25% over Q2 last year. Operating income was $772 million, an increase of 19% over last year and operating margin was 12.7%. And we continue to have a very strong balance sheet, with a cash balance of $4.7 billion.  In addition, we just announced a semiannual cash dividend of $0.45 per share, bringing the total dividend payments for the year to $0.90 per share. Our very strong results in the second quarter, on top of our strong results in Q1, position us very well for the remainder of the fiscal year, and give us confidence to raise our revenue and EPS outlook for the full fiscal year. Now, I will turn the call over to Pam, who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Pierre, and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's fiscal year 2011 second quarter financial results. We delivered strong bookings, revenue growth, and EPS in Q2 and saw growing momentum in the business while gaining market share.  Year-over-year, local-currency revenue grew double digits in both Consulting and Outsourcing, and our strong performance established in the first half of the year positions us well to deliver double-digit top line growth and outstanding bottom line growth for the full fiscal year. Now let's get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or within the calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $6.98 billion and reflect a negative 1% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the second quarter last year. Consulting bookings were $3.8 billion, and Outsourcing bookings were $3.18 billion. This level of bookings was the highest in 10 quarters.  On Bookings, in Management Consulting, clients are engaging us to help them identify and create critical value in their businesses, driven by their needs to take out costs, to drive more top line growth or to change to meet new compliance requirements. We continue to see healthy demand for our offerings in finance and performance management, supply chain optimization, customer service effectiveness and sales and marketing transformation.  Technology Consulting bookings grew again this quarter. Our strength in this part of our business reflects our unique position in the technology ecosystem. Clients value our independence and skills in design and integration. There is significant activity in application modernization across our client base. We are helping our clients to rationalize the operations of their infrastructures through virtualization, and large companies are also engaging us to help them with their cloud computing initiatives. [indiscernible] Integration bookings were strong again this quarter and the highest in 10 quarters. The primary driver is ERP, as clients are streamlining their operations and reducing their costs due to globalization, M&A and regulation. This work reflects implementations on SAP, Oracle and Microsoft platforms, as well as package enhancements, and add-on industry-specific software, including analytics, that need to be integrated.  Additionally, we see demand for Web-based applications and portals, including delivery on mobile platforms in order for clients to interact with their customers or to promote e-commerce.  Turning to Outsourcing, bookings were solid, with good demand across our breadth of offerings. In Technology Outsourcing, cost optimization remains paramount, and we continue to benefit from the vendor consolidation that has occurred over the last couple of years. We are being asked to expand in many clients where we already have an established footprint for more volume, more scope, expansions to new geographies as well as new work.  Finally, BPO bookings were up significantly and reflected continued demand for our horizontal offerings, especially finance and accounting and for our industry-specific solutions, particularly health and insurance.  Now turning to revenue. Net revenues for the second quarter were $6.05 billion, an increase of 17% in U.S. dollars and 18% in local currency from the same period last year. These revenues reflect a foreign exchange impact of negative 1% compared with Q2 last year. These revenues were above our guided range of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion, a range that had assumed a foreign exchange impact of negative 2%. So adjusting for actual exchange rates, our revenues came in about $200 million higher than the top end of the range we provided in December. Consulting revenues were $3.51 billion, an increase of 20% in both U.S. dollars and local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.54 billion, an increase of 13% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency. It was strong double-digit revenue growth across the dimensions of our business.  Before I get into the operating groups, let me note the record high revenues in the Americas, driven primarily by the United States, with Brazil and Canada also posting exceptionally strong year-on-year growth.  Now turning to our operating groups. Resources revenues grew 25% in local currency this quarter and reflected exceptional growth in Consulting. Consulting growth was driven by demand for ERP programs, global operating model design and rollout, supply chain optimization and smart grid projects. Similar to last quarter, outsourcing revenues are primarily for cost takeout in IT and financial business processes.  In Financial Services, revenues grew 20% in local currency and were well balanced across all industry groups and reflected renewed strength in outsourcing. Our services to help clients achieve compliance with risk and regulatory changes drove momentum this quarter. Demand for our services also continued in the areas that business transformation, post-merger integration and investment in core systems for banking, insurance and trading.  Communications & High Tech revenues increased 16% in local currency and reflected strong growth in both Consulting and Outsourcing around the world. Consulting demand continues to be driven by cost takeout, customer acquisition and retention, Web development as well as deploying new technologies to support growing wireless services demand.  Outsourcing revenues in C&HT experienced very strong growth as well in Q2, as clients continue to be focused on cost takeout and improving operations efficiency. The Products operating group had local currency revenue growth of 15%, that was driven by very strong growth in consulting and was well balanced across the products industries. Management Consulting and ERP continued to be major themes. More clients are beginning bigger ERP transformation programs, particularly in North America. Our Products operating group is also doing some of our most pioneering and innovative work.  Health & Public Service revenues increased 14%. Starting with Health, we experienced very strong growth, reflecting demand for cost reduction services and for our offerings in back-office transformation, health administration and electronic medical records. In U.S. Federal, we are seeing increased volumes on existing transaction-based outsourcing contracts, as well as increased demand for ERP services.  Our progress to reposition our business in the public sector continues, particularly in EMEA. The second quarter revenue growth in Health & Public Service was positively impacted significantly by the compare to Q2 last year when we had inefficient delivery on a contract. In summary, we continue to see revenue results that are evidence of healthy and balanced demand globally for our offerings across the industries we serve. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 31.7%, down from 32.7% in Q2 last year, a 100 basis point decrease. Our contracts' profitability was lower than the same period last year, particularly in Consulting as we continue our efforts to absorb higher annual compensation increases and subcontractor costs with improved pricing and a more efficient resource mix.  Gross margin also includes the impact of higher recruiting and training costs from the addition of a larger number of new employees to meet demand. Sales and marketing costs were $710 million or 11.7% of net revenues compared with $623 million or 12% of net revenues for the second quarter last year.  General and administrative costs were $435 million or 7.2% of net revenues compared with $413 million or 8% of net revenues for the second quarter last year. We continue to focus on driving efficiencies in our cost base as we grow our business. Operating income for the quarter increased 19% to $772 million, resulting in a 12.7% operating margin. This compares with a 12.6% operating margin in Q2 last year. The operating margin in Products was negatively impacted by lower contract profitability compared to the prior year, as we have not yet fully recovered higher cost increases through pricing for our services and products. Products operating results were also impacted by expected lower margins on certain contracts. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.9% compared with 27.8% in the second quarter last year. The lower rate this year was due to a number of factors that impacted geographic distribution of income. Net income was $566 million for the second quarter compared with $462 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 22%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.75, an increase of $0.15 or 25% compared with $0.60 in the second quarter last year. This difference reflects an $0.11 increase from higher revenue and operating results in local currency, a $0.03 increase from a lower share count, a $0.01 increase from a lower effective income tax rate, a $0.01 increase from higher non-operating income, offset by a $0.01 decrease from unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Now let's turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $523 million, rounded, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $601 million, net of property and equipment additions of $79 million.  Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding were 32 days, down from 33 days in the first quarter and up from 30 days in the same quarter last year. Our people continue to deliver very strong cash flow. Our total cash balance at February 28 was $4.7 billion versus $4.8 billion at the end of August. Turning to some key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global headcount of more than 215,000 people, and we now have more than 122,000 people in our global delivery network. In Q2, our utilization was 86%. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 14%, down from 15% in Q1. Lastly, we are on track to hire more than 64,000 people around the world this year. Before I turn things back to Pierre, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 3.6 million shares for $177 million at an average price of $48.90 per share. Year-to-date, we have purchased 18.3 million shares for $797 million. At February 28, we had $2.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Earlier today, our board announced the second part of our semiannual cash dividends in the amount of $0.45 per share. This dividend will be paid on May 13, 2011. This is in line with the semiannual dividend of $0.45 we paid in November and represents a $0.075 or 20% increase over the dividend we paid in May of last year. We continue to expect to return at least $2.6 billion to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends in fiscal '11. In summary, I am very pleased with our strong results in the first half of fiscal '11. We continue to be well positioned in the markets we serve as we go into the second half of our fiscal year. Now let me turn the call back to Pierre to give you his thoughts on how we are executing on our growth strategy.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you, Pam. Since becoming CEO on January 1, I've been meeting with our clients and our clients' service teams all over the world and across many different industries. And I'm hearing a very consistent story from our clients about the trends that are affecting their businesses and as a result, driving demand for our services.  Some of the key trends include globalization, which is driving more consolidation and fueling demand for our M&A services, as well as demand for global operating model transformation. Operational excellence to achieve greater productivity is driving demand for our core capability in ERP, process re-engineering and technology rationalization. Increasing regulation is driving growing demand for risk and regulatory compliance activities, the development of new capabilities, and an accelerated focus on sustainability-related solutions.  In innovation, whether helping our clients bring new products to market, navigate new technology ways or enhance the customer experience, innovation is driving demand for next-generation solutions. These trends continue to present tremendous opportunities for Accenture across our business. Including in our core business, and the many new initiatives we've been focusing on and investing in, and for our geographic expansion agenda. I am very pleased with our discipline and execution. We continue to drive the business with consistency and deep focus, and we are capturing profitable growth opportunities everywhere. Our client teams are incredibly engaged and committed to the success of our clients. Our people are executing exceptionally well across our business and geographies. We continue to bring the best of Accenture to our clients every day. Going forward, I feel good about our business and our opportunity to sustain strong performance. The world is changing at pace, and this is accelerating the change and performance improvement agenda for the industry leaders who know they have to act now to seize opportunity. And we're operating at the heart of our clients' businesses, from tactical performance improvement to the business transformation agenda. Clients are increasingly turning to us for their most mission-critical programs. It's very clear to me that Accenture is the go-to partner for the world's leading companies. We are executing our growth strategy in a way that differentiates Accenture from the competition. We are bringing unique industry expertise. We are investing in differentiated offering and assets. We are riding the new technology waves. We are driving growth in both emerging and metro geographic markets, and we are recognized as the leading system integrator for ERP implementation. We've never been better positioned for the future. Now let me turn the call back to Pam, who will provide our business outlook.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Pierre. As a reminder, each quarter, we provide an outlook for the next quarter's revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As we've stated throughout this call, we are pleased with the strong results we delivered this quarter and for the first half of fiscal '11. In this ever-changing environment, we continue to be vigilant, on the lookout for what may impact our business. Although events around the world may create more uncertainty going forward, we remain focused on helping our clients achieve higher performance and on delivering value for money, while managing our business tightly.  That said, I would now like to share with you some thoughts on how we see the remainder of this fiscal year shaping up. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.3 billion to $6.5 billion, which assumes a foreign exchange uplift of approximately 4% for the quarter. This range reflects the rates we've experienced over the past couple of weeks. Turning to the full fiscal year. We are now assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 2% for the full fiscal year, which has trended up from the flat assumption we provided last quarter. Based on our year-to-date results of 16% revenue growth in local currency, the Q3 outlook I just provided and how we see the year as a whole, we expect growth to continue in most areas of our business, although moderating, particularly in Outsourcing from the very strong growth we experienced in the second quarter. We now expect our fiscal year 2011 revenue to be in the range of 11% to 14% growth in local currency. Results were stronger in Q1 and Q2 than we expected them to be, and we do see the latter part of the year more clearly at this point. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $25 billion to $28 billion. This is a broad range that continues to reflect our outlook for future business even though we have updated both our outlook for revenue growth and our foreign exchange assumption. The range also reflects: first, some scenario planning for how new bookings for Japan will land; and second, some potential site moderation in Consulting bookings, given that parts of our Consulting business had been running very hot. Taking all of this into account, we currently expect that it's likely that our bookings this fiscal year will hit at least $26 billion.  We continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 13.6% to 13.7%, a 10 to 20 basis point expansion over last fiscal year. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we've seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 28% to 29%. We are updating our outlook for earnings per share to reflect the increased revenue outlook and new foreign exchange assumptions. We now therefore expect EPS for the full fiscal year to be in the range of $3.22 to $3.30, an increase of $0.14. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3 billion; property and equipment additions to now be $420 million; and free cash flow to continue to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion.  As we move into the second half of our fiscal year, we are positioned well to continue to drive top line and market share growth for our broad and durable base of services. We remain fully focused on profitability and the generation of strong cash flow, and we continue to be committed to return a substantial portion of our cash to shareholders over time.  I will just take a moment now to thank all of the people of Accenture, and particularly our people in Japan at this challenging time for them, for their outstanding performance on behalf of their clients and Accenture. I look forward to seeing many of you in person at our upcoming Investor & Analyst Conference on April 14. Let's open it up now K.C. [ph], so that Pierre and I can take your questions.
Company Speaker: Thanks, Pam. [Operator Instructions] Doug, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Pam, I want to ask the revenue upside in the quarter, I guess the timing of how that developed in terms of the upside, I'm curious, did you see a pick-up in the month-to-month run rate as we crossed the calendar year? Because obviously, you set the guidance in December and the $200 million of upside was quite large so I wanted to ask you about the timing of how that developed.
Pamela Craig: Yes, well, of course, in December, we didn't have any results yet for the quarter so it may have ticked up a little bit in February, but it wasn't, I don't think, real big across the quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So relatively smooth. And then just my follow-up in the share repurchases, it was a little, I guess, light this quarter, it's the lightest actually I've seen in a while. So I know Q1 was pretty strong in terms of share repurchase but anything to read into the latter activity on the repurchases?
Pamela Craig: Not really. I mean, our share repurchases were very high in the first quarter. As you know, the markets went way up in the second quarter. Our stocks hit an all-time high a few times, and we were intentionally a little less active. On a year-to-date basis, I think we're about where we want to be at this time, maybe 40%, and we still are on track to repurchase in the third and fourth quarters and to return at least $2.6 billion even at current price levels.
Operator: Our next question from Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Just quickly on the gross margin, just the pressure from contractors, can you just describe a little more on how long you see that playing out?
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean, for hot skills, we always have contractor needs, and those are higher now. And what we try to do over time is if we can replace them with our people. And it's just again because things are running so hot that's why we have this phenomenon right now but we are focused on it because it is part of what we'll do in the latter half of the year to improve the gross margins.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Just one follow-up. On the local currency outlook, obviously, we're happy to see that. How much of that incorporates Japan and other geographic risks that we've been seeing obviously develop?
Pamela Craig: Well, Japan, if you look at our business right, we're about 13% in Asia Pacific and Japan, I don't know, roughly a third of that. And so it's not as giant part of our business. And actually, a lot of our work in Japan, Pierre and I were just talking with our leader there last night. And some projects stopped but have restarted. There'd been a handful of cancellations just because certain of our clients were very impacted by the earthquake and there may be some delays. So we've tried to factor in what we know at this point. Our Middle East businesses, well, we just had very little business there so it's a negligible impact.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: So Pierre, after the quarter you just put up, I think it's time to consider retiring as CEO maybe while you're on top here. But seriously, if we look back over the last 10 years and the prior two CEOs, Joe Forehand had the growth of the Outsourcing business under his reign, among other things. And with Bill, we obviously had the growth of the GDN, two initiatives that really built on the core business of the company but also changed it dramatically. So I guess given that the quarter was obviously pretty good and the stock's reacting strong in the aftermarket, I thought I'd focus on a big picture question first and Pierre, what's the big initiative that you want your tenure to be marked by?
Pierre Nanterme: I'm of course, extremely pleased with our results in Q2 and it's definitely a strong start for me. You mentioned the GDN, you mentioned the core, you mentioned the Outsourcing. Probably I would mention the geographic expansion. You know what our old plan to move from West to East and North to South, and this is definitely an agenda where I'm putting a lot of attention, and to be honest, I'm extremely pleased with the progress we're making so far with that agenda, which is very important for Accenture. So if I have to mention one, this is probably the one I will mention.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: And then the second question I had is my follow-up, we tracked and wrote about a spike in your job postings during the quarter. What areas are you hiring most aggressively, whether it be skill set or geography? And you said you're running hot in a bunch of places so what areas are there? And you mentioned a bunch of things but if you could just focus in on the hiring areas that would be helpful.
Pierre Nanterme: Maybe I can jump on this one as well because we are probably hiring in the different dimension of our business, to be honest. So that's probably the good news and why I'm so pleased with our results because we see growth from the multiple dimensions in our different businesses operating group as well our geographic units, if you will. Now we continue to be aggressive in hiring in our GDN, given the demand in system integration and our will to continue moving our work offshore to make sure we are remaining extremely competitive in the marketplace. As we continue as well to hire people in our more onshore business to make sure that we can put in front of our clients highly differentiated skills and caliber and talent, if you will, probably with more focus on Management Consulting, deep experts in Technology Consulting, as well as probably the best technology architects. So this is where we are making our hiring. But of course, we are seeing extraordinary robust in the GDN and the offshore from a number of perspective, if you will.
Operator: Our next question from Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Is it safe to declare that we've now moved into a demand phase where more transformational services are now in vogue? And if you believe that's the case, which would be a great thing since Accenture is very differentiated in that part of the market, what's your sense for how long that transformational demand phase will last?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, I would say we see more transformational work. Now let me define what we mean with this transformation because sometimes, we mean transformation equal very large jobs. What we mean by transformation is probably what I would qualify as mission-critical, things our clients are doing to change the trajectory of their business and to be more competitive in the marketplace. And it might not be a question of size, it's more a question of the quality of the work. And indeed, if you accept that definition, if you will, yes, I personally see more of those with our clients. That would be my point number one. Point number two is it's kind of durable, it's our pattern there. Frankly, I've been meeting with many clients from Asia to Europe and Europe to North America. And as I mentioned previously, I was just amazed, to be honest, with the consistency of the trends that have been reflecting to me. All these globalization, regulation, innovation, operational excellence and you can add a couple of other things around digitalization that the new technology wave, if you put all of these together, yes, I believe those points are probably durable and should drive the demand because there is a need for our clients to move now and I mentioned to act now as they first see the opportunity to grow in the marketplace, as they need to see those opportunity in order to drive their business and at the same time, they continue to rationalize their operation and to be more effective. And I think those are big trends, to be honest. Now we're going to watch that carefully over time to see how it's going to evolve. But I think those are underlying big trends.
Pamela Craig: I would just add one thing. We do have eight deals over $100 million this quarter and again, we see a continuation of the pattern that there's more transformational work but being arranged in more manageable chunks so that trend also continues.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Well, I think investors will give you credit for the nice growth that's coming through but in light of the growth, Pierre, are there a certain set of risks that you need to manage more closely, maybe more closely monitoring for problem contracts and execution on deals? And also related to the question about what risks you're going to be monitoring in the upcoming quarters, is the stronger growth making you more or less comfortable with your ability to expand margins? Will you see some leverage in the business or will that all be offset with the need to pay higher bonuses and wages? So how do you think about the risks in the margin equation here?
Pierre Nanterme: At the end of the day, growth is a good problem to have and to deal with. But indeed, I mean, there are things you need to get right when growth is back. And the first is indeed to get the right talents and the right people on board. I mean, this is what we've been doing this last, frankly, six months, even more. And we need to make sure that we continue with not only hiring people but hiring talented people. And so we're investing a lot in hiring, in training, in retaining. I'm very pleased to see that our retention is better, and so our attrition is a little bit lower, which is good for us. But it's probably certainly an element of attention for us in the business we are. And then the second point is, we will never trade execution risk against growth. So our job is to monitor the business extraordinarily tightly and to make sure indeed, we are capturing the best part of the growth, and we are putting the risk a little bit outside. But from that risk perspective, it's probably more around the people and our ability to continue hiring, training and deploying the people. Now over time, we mentioned our guidance regarding the margin. I think we are comfortable we will deliver against our guidance.
Pamela Craig: I mean, I think the phenomenon of how fast it was, which was more than we expected. And this year, salary increases were significantly more than last year's rate, and then we did have bonuses coming out of last year so the compare there was tougher from the standpoint of managing that turn. Now in the second half of the year, that does -- the heavy lifting on that is behind us. And so we feel good about that, Rod, as we continue through the year here.
Operator: Our next question from Tim Fox of Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank AG: The first question I had was sort of a high-level question relative to your comments earlier about taking market share. Could you talk a little bit about where you're seeing most of that market share gain, whether it be in the Consulting or Outsourcing business or any particular trends that we should look for? And how is it that your ability to gain market share is improving here as the market improves overall?
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean just, Tim, we do see really good market share growth in both Consulting and Outsourcing, in both Management Consulting as well as what we do in technology. And so really it's across that just in terms of the numbers but let me let Pierre give you some color.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. With market share -- and thanks Tim for the question. I think it's a very important element. I mean, market share is the sign of whether we are driving new healthy business and we're doing better than the competition. And at the end of the day, indeed, we are very pleased with where we are because we are gaining market share in most of the business we are operating in as we speak, which I think for me is a very important signal around our differentiation. Are we different from our competitors? Are we bringing something unique, which is really resonating with our clients? Are we relevant in the business? And the answer seems to be yes. So we are monitoring that very carefully. I'm pleased with the fact that we are getting market share in Management Consulting, that as well in Outsourcing and system integration, which is an extremely competitive market as you know. And again, I think this is an administration that in this highly competitive market, we are not moving ourselves to the commodity world, but we're still bringing some differentiation in what we do, and that differentiation is recognized with our clients and we are gaining market share, which is extremely important for us.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank AG: And the follow-up would be relative to the competition and pricing, you mentioned very strong growth in bookings for BPO in particular. Could you just comment on how the pricing environment is shaping up in the recovery here? And we've heard some significant pressure on some of the larger BPO competitive bids out there. So any color you could provide on the pricing environment would be helpful.
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean, I think you're exactly right, Tim. I mean, it is still competitive out there. There are some places where we do have some pricing power but I would still characterize it as competitive and stable. But Pierre?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes, it is definitely stabilizing. I think we have evidence of this. Now, if we are looking in just the recent past or as we speak, we're starting to see sign of pricing improvement. So we need a little bit more time to fare up whether it's going to be a kind of durable pattern but I would say stabilizing, yes, early sign of improvement in the marketplace in pocket of the markets we are doing.
Operator: Our next question is from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So just a couple of quick things, I guess, as it relates to margins and thinking about this more longer term. I think where you guys currently stand, your utilization is running really hot, not sure that that's a big benefit to margins going forward. But it feels like attrition's improving, wages seem like at least we're over that, that big hump in terms of the spike up in wages and potentially pricing to benefit the models. As we're thinking about margins longer-term, Pam, any sense on what other puts and takes to think about for the margin profile as we move into fiscal '12?
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean, the ones you mentioned are certainly on our minds. And I think just picking up some of the other pieces of operating margin, we continue to look to hold the line as much as we can on G&A costs as we grow. We continue to look for ways to be more efficient in our selling, and we have continuing programs being led by our COO on that. And I think in contract margins, right, we're going to be forever focused on cost to serve and how do we always look for productivity and efficiency and in terms of how we do that as well as pricing power where we're really getting the differentiation. And as Pierre is certainly establishing leadership for us, I mean, that's clearly going to be more and more our focus. So I think those are the places where we continue to have opportunity. And as you know, we also need to invest in the business, and those investments primarily go through the P&L. So that's why I've been focused on modest margin expansions so that we can indeed continue to make those investments and yet at the same time, post up modest margin expansion over time.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe just one follow-up and two quick points. How are you guys thinking about the offshore contribution or global delivery, that's now 56% to 57% of your headcount? When does that begin to sort of show up, I guess, in terms of margins? Or is it kind of helping but it could be more if you were investing, just trying to think sort of that part specifically? And then longer term, what is the thinking around leveraging more platforms, more IP, maybe thinking about that in the way of, I guess, non-linear context for margin expansion as well?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. So I will pick up on that one and thanks for the questions. I mean, indeed, we want to continue investing in differentiation. I mean, that's something which is very important for us, differentiation and competitiveness, those are the kind of the two key pillars, if you will, in everything we do. In order to differentiate, indeed, we need first to have the best qualified people, and I mean onshore as I mentioned before was extremely deep and unique skills as necessary to put in front of the client but we need to continue expanding the Global Delivery Network in our offshore. And it's a kind of permanent dynamic we're trying to strike right, growing on both sides so I think we will definitely continue to grow our offshore people. Now in order to drive more differentiation, indeed, we need to bring in our solutions and offerings something different and you mentioned asset IP. I think that's something I referred to as well. I'm probably a big fan of this. This is something I've been driving significantly when I was leading our Financial Services operating group. I think with a really targeted view of what we could do, we can make that happen. And I can refer to the recent acquisition we've been making in Germany, it was a software solution called CAS. I don't know whether you've seen that one, but I think it's a naturally good illustration of what we want to do when we are talking about targeted tuck-in acquisition in asset in order to drive differentiation. This acquisition is telling all. I can elaborate on this, if you will, but it's about -- this acquisition, it's all about customer relationship management, with deep focus on trade promotion in consumer products. When we mean focus, this is what we mean, taking a high growth industry consumer good, understanding where we can make the difference, trade promotion because it's going to create value and an outcome for our clients. How we can do that, we are targeting that company, which fits exactly the goal post, bringing asset and IP the competition can't match and can't copy. We're putting that in the context of our System Integration solution bundled with Management Consulting and then you're getting to the market, with something which is unique. I think this is the kind of recipe for success, if I'm taking kind of French language, if you will.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess just in terms of numbers, could you put any numbers around how big that would be as a part of your business today? Or if not, maybe I guess we can wait until April to get some sense on that. But that actually would be very helpful to get some sense on what percentage of your business is actually leverage-able that way today.
Pamela Craig: Yes, it's a small but growing part.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I had a question, just I think in your preliminary comments, you talked about Outsourcing maybe moderating in the guidance towards the back half of the year. How should we think about that? Was there some lumpiness in some contracts this quarter? Did it come in faster than you're expecting? Maybe you could just help us understand the momentum of the general business.
Pamela Craig: Yes. I think it's more just the moderation of the year-over-year growth rate more than anything else and just intended to say that we expected that. But nothing really lumpy. I think it's more in the compare.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then maybe you could just talk broadly about sort of obviously, this was a very good quarter. As you head towards the back half of the year, I know we talked a little bit about Japan and maybe you could give a little more color on the U.S. government? But if you could talk about just what you have for any concerns that you have in the business right now as you look in sort of the second half of your fiscal year?
Pierre Nanterme: I mean, I will let Pam comment on U.S. because she's definitely a specialist on this. But I mean, more broadly, I mean, you've seen our guidance. We're updating the guidance, which is the most right thing that we believe in the growth, we believe in the momentum in the marketplace. We believe that our clients are investing, and we have opportunities in front of us. We're, as well, looking at the global environment. We're not blind. We understand what's going on in the world. We are all traveling including myself the world to understand what's going on and to get our information first-hand, if you will. We are taking all that in good. We're talking with our clients a lot. We're talking with our clients' team. We're understanding the world dynamic, and then we put our best estimate for what might be our second part of the year, and we feel good about the guidance we are giving to you today.
Pamela Craig: Yes. Just going federal, that's roughly 5% or 6% of our business. And I guess continuing resolutions have become a way of life for us here in the U.S. I mean, if it shuts down for a few days or something, it would not have an impact on us. But I think in the unlikely event that there was an extended shutdown, then it would, but we're not expecting that and we factored in to be able to handle a few days.
Operator: Our next question from Ed Caso with Wells Fargo.
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I was curious if you could give us an update about the United Kingdom? Obviously, they did some changes in their approach last summer and brought all the larger providers in and sat them down. How is business now as starting to pick up again and maybe some areas of focus that you could talk about?
Pamela Craig: Do you mean in the Public Service business, right, when you asked that question?
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, the U.K. government.
Pamela Craig: We do see our business actually returning nicely in the U.K. We've had double-digit growth in the quarter. It was driven primarily by the commercial operating group, and we are repositioning indeed there in terms of our Public Service business. So we do have some good opportunities there and are working it.
Edward Caso - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And I was curious, it looks like you're on track to distribute roughly the amount of cash that you generate in a year but you have almost $5 billion on the balance sheet. Has there ever been thought of maybe a special dividend?
Pamela Craig: Well, we work with our board every year on the dividend. And again, I think we're more in the vein of developing the balance of share repurchases and dividends over time versus doing special stuff. And we'll be working again with them coming up here as we look at our dividend planning for next year.
Operator: We'll go back then to George Price with BB&T Capital Markets.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: I did drop for a period, so a couple of things may have been asked. I apologize for that, but I wondered if you would, just on the segment operating margin side, could you go into a little bit more detail about kind of what was going on with the Product margin down 9%, down from double-digit levels for quite a period of time? I think you mentioned a little bit in your commentary about some contract issues. But I wondered if maybe you could give some more color to that, if you hadn't already.
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean, part of those product's portfolio and just part of it, right, I would say, was more challenged just in terms of absorbing the salary increases and sort of getting the right resource mix and pricing than the others. And so that did impact to them this quarter. We also intentionally had planned for lower profitability in Products on certain contracts this year. And we do expect them to return to higher profitability over time. It's always been an extremely high-performing part of Accenture.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: What about, I guess on the other hand, I'd say it was nice to see Health & Public Service, the operating margin continuing to move up, hitting 9% now. You think that business is on track to get back to double-digit operating margin in the second half?
Pamela Craig: No. The Health & Public Service, I mean, it was -- we're still doing a repositioning there, and we did say it would take this year and do expect that it will. So we had a good margin result this quarter, but I do expect it to continue to be single digits this year. Wait one second, Pierre's going to add something.
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, this is where we are profitability perspective but I would like to acknowledge the work which is being done with our leadership in HPS with [indiscernible] because the H part is doing extremely well. As you'll remember, we presented in the last investor conference that we had a kind of plan around growing Health, and we are executing against that plan and we are very pleased with the results so far. We're getting pleased in that we are repositioning that business especially in EMEA. We are making good progress. So indeed, on HPS, we have more work to be done but we have a plan. We are executing. We have the right leadership in place, and I'm sure we're going to drive the right outcome.
Pamela Craig: Yes, it's going quite well.
George Price - BB&T Capital Markets: And if I could just maybe one more, any potential -- I mean, obviously, with all the cash flow that you have, any potential for stepped-up M&A? It's using the cash that way at all. I mean, I guess another way to ask it is do you feel that you have what you need right now to continue to grow as well as you're growing organically? Or do you think that acquisitions over the next year or two might play more of a role in your use of cash?
Pierre Nanterme: Yes. I mean, on this one, and I think we are demonstrating that for two quarters, our DNA has a lot to do with organic growth. I think we are doing organic growth better than anyone else. I mean, for the simple reasons that there are opportunity to grow organically in different parts of the world and different part of our business. And we will never trade organic against inorganic. Organic growth is good, it's driving good business, it's driving good cash and it's positioning us very well. And so we can return some cash to people like you. Now indeed, here looking at acquisition in a way that is going to differentiate, we're not going to spend our precious cash just for the sake of making acquisition but we're going to look at what's going to make us different. I mentioned this cash acquisition. We're probably going to make other but exactly with the same spirit to make us different from the competition and bring something unique to our client in a way that will complement our organic growth. Cash is precious and we're going to take a lot of care with it.
Pamela Craig: I mean, what we're trying to do is sharpen the strategy where we can do these focused tactical tuck-ins, right? I think we can do that a little better. But it's not going to change the rigor or the evaluation, but just more, I think we like to see a little bit more focus in some certain areas so we have -- so we are doing that but in the end, these things are hard to do, and we only want to do the right thing.
Pierre Nanterme: Thank you for joining us on the call today, and thank you very much for your questions. As you've heard, we continue to see solid momentum in our business, and we're well positioned as we enter the second half of our fiscal year.  Compliments of [indiscernible] results goes to the incredibly talented team of more than 250,000 Accenture men and women around the world. But I want to specifically acknowledge the dedication and commitment of our people in Japan, who despite the most difficult circumstances, have continued to serve our clients during a very challenging period. I'm also very proud that in true Accenture fashion, Accenture people around the world have mobilized to support our colleagues in Japan.  In closing, I feel good about our business. I strongly believe that in this fast changing environment, we have the right positioning, we have the right strategy, we are executing at scale and at speed and with the right leaders in place to drive our agenda forward. We look forward to talking with many of you in person at our Investor & Analyst Conference next month in New York. If you have any questions, please feel free to call K.C. [ph] to make arrangements for follow up. All the best.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call is being made available for replay starting today at 7:00 p.m. in the Eastern time zone. It will run until June 23, 2011. You can access our service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 within the U.S., or outside the U.S. at (320) 365-3844. Enter at the voice prompt today's conference access code, which is 192444. That does then conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-06-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark – Managing Director, IR Bill Green – Chairman and CEO Pamela Craig – CFO
Analysts: Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley Edward Caso – Wells Fargo Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference. At this time all lines are in a listen only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions and you may queue up at any time during the presentation by pressing star then one on your touch tone phone. If you should require assistance from an operator please press star then Zero. I would also like to remind you that today’s conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Clark: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we are seeing in the market and how we are positioning ourselves for business for future growth. Pam will provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2010. And then we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10K and other SEC filings. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at Accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you, Richard, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our performance in Q3 which showed positive growth, strong overall results, and building momentum in our business. Equally exciting, we see increasing demand for many of our new services and offerings across both management consulting and technology. Here are some of the highlights from the quarter. Revenues were 5.6 billion squarely within our expected range of 5.5 to 5.7 billion. We grew operating income 10% and increased operating margin to 14.4%. We delivered earnings per share of $0.73, an increase of $0.05 over Q3 last year. New bookings were strong at 6.4 billion with consulting and outsourcing each exceeding 3 billion. We generated more than 900 million in free cash flow and we continue to have an exceptionally strong balance sheet. Everywhere you look at it, a very good performance. While there is still pockets of uncertainty in the global economy, we continue to see signs of positive momentum as clients are again looking to their future and focused on improved growth and business performance. We are right there, working closely with them and are helping them shape and launch their initiatives which create exciting opportunities for Accenture. We continue to make targeted investments in new offerings and services and are aggressively recruiting high quality talent to ensure we have the breadth and depth of capabilities to serve our clients today as well as tomorrow. I believe that as a company, we have never in our history been better positioned for growth and expansion than we are today. With that I will turn the call over to Pam who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill, and thanks for listening in today. I am pleased to tell you more about our strong third quarter results. We did our planning for fiscal year 2010 a year ago in a challenging and unpredictable environment, and as we wind down the year, we are delivering. We are driving the business and getting the results. Our pipeline has strengthened considerably since the start of the year. We are aggressively recruiting talent, and bookings are coming through well. We have the revenues we projected, some margin expansion, exceptional cash flow, and a rock solid balance sheet. In this environment, this is an excellent result. Now let us get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are US GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were 6.43 billion and reflect a positive 5% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the third quarter last year. Notably, Financial Services new bookings are at an all-time high year-to-date up 35% in local currency. Consulting bookings were 3.18 billion, and outsourcing bookings were 3.25 billion. Looking at how consulting bookings have trended over the last couple of years, I believe we have reached a new level with the volume and consistency of consulting bookings. Even with contract sizes trending smaller, we are consistently booking 3 billion or more a quarter. As you know, this is where we have a clear competitive advantage, and benefit not only from working in the suite but also from the downstream work that originates from consulting. In management consulting demand is broad based and strong as I said after Q2. We continue to see demand for services related to business improvement, particularly strategic sourcing, customer relationship management, risk management and post merger integration. We also see a pickup in demand for offerings around revenue growth and talent and organization performance. In technology consulting we see robust demand with record bookings for the Second Quarter in a row. Clients demand continues to be for what makes their technology more efficient and effective, through infrastructure consolidation, virtualization, security, and IT governance projects. In systems integration we see a broad pipeline of opportunities. Bookings continue to reflect demand for custom work as well as for ERP rollouts, country expansions, and new modules. We see custom development on multiple next generation platforms, both on premise and cloud based. The bookings sparked solid SI revenue growth in some of our larger countries during the quarter. We are aggressively leveraging our global delivery network to broaden our footprint at existing clients and at the new clients we are adding to our portfolio, and to all clients, we are delivering more value for money. Turning to outsourcing. Our outsourcing bookings reflect a steady recovery. In Q3, we closed five contracts in excess of $100 million each. We saw a solid demand for technology outsourcing offerings and technology consulting is helping to drive the design build run of next generation infrastructure and the consolidation and renewal of application platforms in order to drive value for our clients. In addition, we are seeing demand build in our BPO business, particularly in products and communications and high-tech. So in summary we had a bookings quarter that was strong across the consulting and outsourcing dimensions of our business. Now, turning to revenue. Net revenues for the third quarter were 5.57 billion, an increase of over 8% in US dollars and almost 4% in local currency over the same period last year. These revenues, which reflect a rounded foreign exchange impact of positive 5% compared with Q3 last year were solidly in our guided range of 5.5 to 5.7 billion. Consulting revenues were 3.22 billion, an increase of 9% in US dollars and 4% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were 2.35 billion, an increase of 7% in US dollars and 3% in local currency. As we expected, year-over-year revenue growth turned positive in local currency in Q3 lead by-products, financial services, and resources. Financial services net revenue growth was 7% in local currency with notable 17% growth in consulting. We saw growth across all three geographic regions, particularly in banking and capital markets. As clients grapple with the dynamic environment we are providing services related to post merger integration, core banking replatforming, risk and regulatory compliance, and business model transformation. Products net revenue growth was a strong 9% in local currency. Consulting growth was lead by consumer goods and services as we respond to client demand for cost management and post merger integration around the world and notably in the emerging markets. Outsourcing revenues increased significantly across all geographic regions and in most of our industry groups. Resources net revenue growth was 5% in local currency with strong consulting growth in the Americas coming from all industry groups and driven by demand for global operating models, CRM and ERP. We also saw an uptick in post merger integration and smart grid related projects. Outsourcing revenues also increased as we saw strong growth in our energy industry group. Communications and high-tech revenues reflected a decline of 3% in local currency. Our consulting revenue declines moderated significantly since the first half of the year and at this point reflect a return to significant growth in the Americas but continued lagging performance in EMEA. A modest decline in outsourcing revenues reflects the impact of last year’s cancellations. The activity building in communications in high-tech is largely focused on next generation networks, strategic sourcing, content delivery and innovations in marketing and customer service. Health and Public Service revenues were flat in local currency. We are seeing growth in our outsourcing business lead by increased volumes at existing clients in our US federal and our health practices. We experienced declines in consulting revenue in the public sector as continued uncertainty and challenges in the public sector remain, particularly in the US and the UK. We are seeing strong growth in emerging markets such as Brazil and Mexico. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 34.7% compared with 32.5% for the same period last year reflecting a 220 basis point improvement. Sales and marketing expense was 714 million or 12.8% of net revenues compared with 525 million or 10.2% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, an increase of 260 basis points. The 220 basis point improvement in gross margin was offset by a corresponding increase in sales and marketing expense due to the implementation of our sales effectiveness model put in place at the start of this fiscal year. The additional 40 basis point increase in sales and marketing expense was due to our efforts to grow our sales pipeline. General and Administrative expense was $410 million or 7.4% of net revenues compared with 411 million or 8.0% of net revenues for the third quarter last year, so while G&A dollars were flat year-over-year, they were down as a percentage of revenue. We continue to hold the line and work our G&A costs down as a percentage of net revenues. Operating income was 804 million reflecting a 14.4% operating margin. This compares with 732 million or 14.2% operating margin in the third quarter last year, an increase of 20 basis points. Our financial services and resources operating groups posted growth in operating income and operating margin compared with the third quarter last year. This was due primarily to revenue growth, notably consulting revenue growth which also brought higher utilization. Health and Public Service operating margin declined in the third quarter compared to the same quarter last year due to lower contract profitability and increased selling costs. Net-net, adding up all the parts of Accenture, we achieved an expansion of 20 basis points in operating margin. As you know, we manage our businesses operating margin and are pleased with this result. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.8% compared with 28.2% for the third quarter last year. Net income was 564 million for the third quarter compared with 537 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 5%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.73 compared with $0.68 in the third quarter last year, an increase of $0.05. Here is how that breaks down. A $0.03 increase from higher revenue and operating income in local currency, a $0.02 increase from a lower share count and a $0.03 increase from favorable foreign exchange rates compared with the third quarter of fiscal 2009. Offset by a penny decrease from lower non-operating income and a $0.02 decrease from a higher effective tax rate compared with the third quarter last year. This strong earnings performance reflects our rhythm of continued disciplined management of our business and positions us well. Now, let's turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was 903 million resulting from cash generated by operating activities of 961 million net of property and equipment additions of 58 million. This very strong cash flow reflects the continued focus on managing our industry leading DSO. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding were 28 days, down from 30 days in the Second Quarter and consistent with 28 days at the end of last fiscal year. Our total cash balance at May 31 was $4.3 billion, even after 1.3 billion of share repurchases and 824 million of dividends paid year-to-date through the third quarter. Turning to some key operational metrics. We ended the quarter with global head count of more than 190,000 people. In Q3, our utilization was 88%, still higher than our targeted level. We are there for very focused on where we need talent and we are on our way to hire more than 50,000 people around the world this year. Attrition which excludes involuntary termination, was 17% compared with 15% in Q2 this year and 8% in Q3 last year. This is higher than we would like but not uncommon for when we come out of a downturn. Before I turn things back to Bill, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. May was the first time we paid dividends to our shareholders on the semi-annual basis. As I mentioned last quarter, the dividend payment of $0.375 per share was exactly half of our previous annual dividend of $0.75 per share. Also in the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 11 million shares for 447 million at an average price of $41.97 per share, including approximately 5 million shares repurchased in the open market. At May 31st, we had 3.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. In summary our strong Q3 results reflect the upturn we are seeing in our business. It continues to be and will continue to be a challenging environment and we need to keep executing. Thanks to the focus and determination of all of our people around the world, we delivered great results this quarter and are on our way to achieving our full year business outlook. Finally, I would also like to mention that we were pleased to see that we were added to the S&P total market index and to the preliminary list for inclusion in the Russell 1000. Now, let me turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Before Pam takes you through the outlook of Q4 and the full year, I just wanted to take a moment and talk about where we are and how we are positioned for the future. Some of this we shared with you at our investor meeting in April. While economic recovery remains under way it is uneven as you know, in spite of this, our results in Q3 show a clear return to growth for Accenture, and quite simply we are excited about the future growth opportunities we see. The imperative for improved business performance for our clients is increasing and our positioning to serve them is excellent. We have managed our business very well through the economic challenges. We have also sharpened our ability to differentiate our offerings to compete, to win, and to grow. Fiscal 2010 is about delivering results and getting back to the momentum and growth we are executing as planned. In April, we set out our strategy to the investment community. In short we see growth coming from three dimensions. The first dimension is our core business. This includes the vast majority of consulting, technology and outsourcing services we have traditionally provided to our clients. We have refreshed and renewed our core. It is alive and vibrant, incredibly differentiated and powerful. Our core business is and will continue to be our primary growth engine. The second dimension, our new initiatives and businesses. This is a set of services that we are building both within and on top of our core. Things like analytics, digital marketing, mobility, smart grid and sustainability as well as new technology areas such as cloud computing and cyber security. We believe many of these have the potential to become new billion dollar services for Accenture. And finally the third dimension is geographic expansion. This is about taking all of the elements of our business and providing those services in more places around the world. We are dialing up our focus on our six strategic growth markets as well as entering and expanding in new markets. We have the unique ability to provide consistent service to the world's biggest companies anywhere in the world they operate. Our core is executing well but we still have incredible head room even in our most penetrated markets. We are seeing real traction in our new business areas with a growing pipeline of opportunities and our geographic expansion strategy is well under way. In fact over the past few months I visited Accenture offices and clients around the world including in China, Mexico, Africa, and the Middle East and I'm excited about the growth opportunities for Accenture and these important markets of the future. Of course, what makes the difference for Accenture are two things; our talent, having the best people in our industry and our superior execution, being better at what we deliver than our competitors. We continue to have an unyielding focus on recruiting and retaining the best people with the deepest and most relevant skills and breadth of experience, and we continue to instill discipline and a culture of performance excellence in everything we do, for our clients and then how we run our own business. In fact we have recently created a new role of Chief Performance Officer to further our commitment to this important area. These are among the many reasons we are better positioned than ever for the future. Now I will turn it back to Pam who will provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. This business outlook for fiscal year 2010 includes fourth quarter revenues and our final view on the year. For the fourth quarter we expect revenues to be in the range of 5.15 to 5.35 billion which reflects local currency growth of 5 to 9%. This revenue range assumes a foreign exchange drag of 5% for the quarter that is based on the rates over the last three weeks. Turning to the full fiscal year, we are now assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 2% for the full fiscal year which has trended down from the positive 3% assumption we provided last quarter and from the positive 4% assumption we had when we began the fiscal year. Based on our year-to-date results and the outlook just provided for Q4, we continue to expect our fiscal year 2010 revenue to be at the low end of our previously guided range of a 3% decline to a 1% increase in local currency. We continue to expect new bookings for the full fiscal year to land in our previously guided range of 23 to 26 billion. Given where we are in the year and over 18 billion of bookings year-to-date, we expect to end up toward the middle of that range. This is even with the additional 2% foreign exchange drag we have experienced since we first provided our bookings outlook in October. We now expect operating margin to be 13.5% for the full fiscal year, given year-to-date performance and our projection for Q4. This is 10 basis points higher than what we last communicated. We are updating our annual effective tax rate to now be in the range of 29 to 30%. We now expect earnings per share to be in the lower half of our previously guided range of $2.61 to $2.69. This includes our latest assumptions on foreign exchange and the annual effective tax rate. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of 2.5 to 2.7 billion with property and equipment additions to now be 240 million and free cash flow to now be in the range of 2.3 to 2.5 billion, an increase of $200 million from our previously provided range. This completes our business outlook for Fiscal 2010. At our investor and Analyst day on April 8th, I provided a preliminary view into our fiscal year ‘11 targets for revenue growth in local currency, the growth rate of our earnings per share in US dollars, and cash to be returned to shareholders. We continue to expect local currency revenue growth to be in the range of 7 to 10% for fiscal year ‘11. This level of business expansion and all of the key underlying planning assumptions about our business remain the same, except of course for foreign exchange dancing around. As I also mentioned on April 8th, I will provide our full business outlook including any impact of our currency assumptions when we do our Q4 earnings call at the end of September. In closing, as I consider how our business is positioned for fiscal year ‘11 and beyond, we recognize that global economic and geopolitical challenges we will continue. Right now, the economic and currency uncertainty in Europe has become center stage. We have become very agile responding to the markets around the world. We will continue to leverage the best of Accenture; our very experienced leadership team, our scale, our market position, and our client relationships. Through our unique ability to combine consulting and outsourcing services, we will focus on value for money for our clients and in so doing, we do what we always do, drive growth in revenue, growth in operating margin, and growth in cash flow. Richard, let's take some questions.
Richard Clark: Thanks, Pam. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Rod Bourgeois with Sanford Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein: Okay guys, great. Thanks for the update here. I guess I wanted to inquire a little bit about the outlook for the next year. I'm wondering if you feel better or worse about your 7 to 10% revenue growth guidance for fiscal 2011 compared to how you felt at the Analyst day and specifically, where we are seeing a lot of questions is in the area of Europe. Do macro issues in Europe cause you to worry a little more about that fiscal 2011 guidance or does having a good quarter under the belt make you still feel pretty comfortable with that range?
Bill Green: Rod, this is Bill. Good to talk to you. We feel good about the 7 to 10, as good or better as we felt back in April. The level of business activity I think in the US, we see we are getting through the recovery and into sort of an expansion. Europe of course is uncertain, but we haven't seen it impact our business at all, and in Europe, we have great market penetration and great clients and we see the leading companies continuing to invest for their future, so I'm sure Europe will bounce along a little bit, a little less certain in the United States than North America broadly but on balance we feel very good about the business and as good or better as we felt in April.
Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. And I guess on the margin front I'm hoping the fact that you are now committed to some modest margin expansion for fiscal 2010 I'm hoping that's a reflection that Accenture is in an ongoing way committed to trying to pursue margin expansion every year rather than the idea of holding back on margins.
Pamela Craig: I think that's a fair statement, Rod.
Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein: All right, great. Specifically also on the margin front, I was interested that you increased your sales and marketing expenses 40 basis points to drive a better pipeline. I'm wondering if that's a function of having pulled back on your sales and marketing expenses last year given the downturn, or so is it a function of an easy comparison versus last year on your expense basis, or is it a function of seeing a better pipeline, but also a pipeline where you have to fight pretty hard with the competition?
Bill Green: Well, I think there's no question that there's still plenty of fighting with the competition. That will never go away, but frankly the few basis point increase there is just in the normal course of things. Our people generate the business and then many of our people get into delivery mode and the business is very busy right now, and so that will fluctuate around a little bit but it's certainly not engineered in any way and we are pretty relaxed about sort of the yield we are getting from the sales and marketing effort that we are putting in.
Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein: So it's not a reflection of tougher competition or a reflection of a, sort of, recent big, big jump in the pipeline?
Pamela Craig: No, not particularly.
Rod Bourgeois – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thanks guys. I will turn it over.
Bill Green: Yeah.
Pamela Craig: Okay, thanks, Rod.
Operator: We have Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Darrin.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Hi, how are you guys doing? Thanks. Just a quick follow-up on Europe. Would you mind giving a little more disclosure on the revenue generated from governments in Europe versus corporates just and any sentiment that they've given you? And then just a quick follow on.
Pamela Craig: Yeah, the government or what we call Public Services is the smallest part of Accenture in Europe, and I think that we do see isolated impact from the UK, which is our largest market there.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Okay, so there is an isolated impact being seen there at this time?
Bill Green: Yeah, I mean, in the UK, it's very public knowledge that they are scrutinizing all of the public expenditures very closely. I think you got to go to the Prime Minister in order to get blessing, so as they continue to deal with their challenges, you have to have a good business case and a solid payback and a near term one that recognizes that you are going to deliver value for money. That said, there's still a lot of services that are provided and supported in the UK that need to go on, and so the business volume there will continue but a lot of the opportunities for the new things. I think we could safely say will probably be put on hold in the UK, and maybe one or two other countries as time goes on.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: All right thanks. And then quickly on consulting, book-to-bill came down to about one-time. Would you say trends are basically faster or revenue conversion there, or higher quality contracts beginning to convert, and do you see more coming through in the second half?
Bill Green: Well, the level of activity is intense I think would be the choice of words that I would use. I think we do see smaller pieces. There's no question so the velocity is much higher, and many times, you agree it on a Friday and you start it on a Monday, so there is a lot of spin in there, and we are pretty comfortable with the 1.0, we looked at that very hard, but the thing we are excited about is sort of the level of consulting activity, particularly the new things in companies that really haven't been investing in their business over the past 12, 18, 24 months are starting to put a toe in the water or up to their knees at least in terms of new initiatives they want to get under way so they can hit their calendar 2011 with some momentum and some new projects.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: That's great. All right thanks, guys.
Pamela Craig:  Thank you.
Operator: Next is Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Hi, Pam. Thanks so much. Just kind of a nick question first, what's driving the difference in revenue outlook in the fourth quarter of the 5 to 9% versus the fiscal ‘11 outlook of 7 to 10, what was driving the lower end of the range difference there?
Pamela Craig: Well, the 7 to 10 is of course over the whole year versus the quarter and I mean I think that this is just reflects how our business is ramping, it was almost four this quarter and it's trending up a little next.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay, so nothing unusual?
Pamela Craig: No, no.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay. And then just in the quarter itself, the bookings allocation between consulting and outsourcing, how did that compare versus plan? Just any kind of color there would be helpful.
Pamela Craig: I mean, it was right about what we expected and really pretty consistent with the way it has been over the recent past.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay, last one, just on the gross margin. I know you said that some of the improvement was due to the sales effectiveness model, Pam, but it was still the biggest year-on-year increase we've seen in quite a while, so I'm curious if there's anything else that's driving some of that gross margin expansion beyond the sales effectiveness?
Pamela Craig: No, there's not at this time. As you know, I will never give up on that and we will be continuing to push that in fiscal 2011 but for right now, we saw some very good progress with that last year but and we will be pushing again on it next year. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: All right. Good stuff. Thanks a lot.
Pamela Craig: Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Next we have Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Joseph.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: Hi, how are you doing? I guess my first question is I guess a little bit surprising to see utilization up around the 88% range. I was wondering – is that holding you back from addressing revenue opportunities at this point and how do you manage that potentially coming down in an effort as you still try to kind of raise your margins here?
Bill Green: Well, as we have said, 88 we view as hot and we continue to hire aggressively and shovel coal in the engine, if you will, to keep the train moving down the tracks. We would like to see that come down a little. Our supply and demand balance is in very good shape right now, but we want to continue to get great talent which will give us more people to create new opportunities as well as learn some new skills for the things we see in the future, but we continue to focus on that. We've been holding at that 88% level, and if we took a few points off it, that would be great but that's how the result came out, so I think it just speaks to the fact that the business has picked up and we are recruiting good quality talent in a smart way, as best we can, but the business has rebounded and we are keeping a lot of people busy.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: Has there been any change in the size, length or the pricing on any of the deals over the last couple months?
Bill Green: Really, no. I mean if you stand back in the law of large numbers, pricing continues to be challenging around the place. In Europe right now it's particularly challenging. We have our places where the pricing is getting better, but on balance, it's still very competitive out there, as people focus on the highest quality work. And other than that, I think it has been pretty consistent for the last couple of quarters in terms of the activity and the momentum that we see. The good news is, I think we are getting some better choices in terms of the nature of the work. We are starting – the mix of work is starting to change a little, particularly the new next generation kind of technology stuff has really taken hold and that's been in the last quarter and that's a place where we think we have very distinctive experience and capabilities and we hope to be able to get better pricing leverage in some of those specialty areas as we move into the next quarter or so.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: And just maybe my final question here. I wonder if you had to describe sort of the (inaudible)  here in North America versus that in Europe, I wonder if you could maybe place that, are we at full recovery in the US, maybe actually pushing new opportunities and what (inaudible) would you consider Europe to be in at this point?
Bill Green: Well – I don’t know
Pamela Craig: They are in different innings.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: I know that. I am just trying to get – sort of the best answer I can out of you guys.
Bill Green:
 :
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: Oh, I'm a Red Sox fan.
Bill Green: Okay, thank you for that. No, I guess I would look at it this way. If you look at the US, the recovery is solidly under way but it has, it is not widespread yet, but in a lot of industries, we are starting to move from recovery to expansion and expansion takes a little off the speed, but it broadens the nature of things people are working on. In Europe, I think it's very safe to say that we haven't seen the recovery kick in yet, and so I think there is still plenty of runway to go in Europe, and I think Europe has been in a little bit of a pause, just based on the debt situation and the Euro situation as people are trying to figure out, like what are the economics of things and what are the decisions they are going to make. But if you look at statistically, you will see whether you look at the conference board, the business round table or whatever, you will see in North America an increase in hiring over the last period, an increase, a modest one in capital spending, and people's expectations for increases in sales, and you can't correlate the same economic look at Europe at this point in time.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: But just to be clear, it's (inaudible), it's not a reversion backwards?
Bill Green: No, no, I don't see any reversion backwards and in fact, you really have to separate the global companies from the local companies. Many of the global companies need to compete all over the world and those companies are continuing to invest and move out because they are seeing business recovery in terms of their sales in the US or the Asian markets. What they don't see is the European companies that primarily sell on a pan-European basis, have not seen consumer spending kick in, and so I think they are just pausing waiting to see how that's all going to unfold.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Pamela Craig: Julio.
Bill Green: Julio.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys, how are you? So it sounded like Europe is more like the Celtics and the US is more like the Lakers right now?
Bill Green: Or a little bit like the Knicks.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Just real quickly on the headcount plan, I think you had said 50,000 plus and just based on some quick calculation it looks like you guys are running at least in terms of net headcount that’s around 10,000 for this quarter. Is that a rate we can expect for the next one or two quarters from here or how do we think about the ramp of headcounts to kind of balance that against the utilization levels today?
Pamela Craig: Well I think at least for the next quarter, I mean, we are probably something around 40,000 hires year-to-date and do another 10 next quarter, so I think that's at least fair for the next quarter.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: That gets you to the 50,000, got it, and then the 7 to 10 for fiscal 2011 in terms of revenue growth – is there any way to sort of break that up a little bit if there's any – any more visibility in terms of what the assumption implied in that is for Europe potentially? Is Europe – I guess in other words is Europe expected to grow, is it flat, down, how are you guys thinking about that?
Pamela Craig: Europe is expected to grow, and we probably aren't going to provide that exact background bit of detail, but just to sort of complement what Bill just said, Europe is ramping slower than the Americas right now and we expect that to continue.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: I think even this quarter would mark a pretty big turn where you were down 9 constant currency and now back to flat in terms of European trajectory for constant currency growth?
Pamela Craig: Right.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Got it, and then just lastly, anything to the consulting numbers, relative to our numbers at least the consulting revenues and the consulting bookings were a little bit lighter than what we were looking for, still pretty good in terms of the sequential improvements.
Pamela Craig: Yeah, I mean, I think as I mentioned we had record bookings in technology consulting, management consulting very good, maybe the upside bookings were a tad light but again, we had very good growth in a couple good – couple of big countries in SI and revenue, so that's really the color on that.
Operator: Thank you. And next we have Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good afternoon.
Bill Green: Hi, Adam.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to – most of my questions have been asked and answered already I just wanted to kind of tie in maybe a couple of the questions that were asked though. If there was any blemish in the quarter I would say it was maybe consulting bookings were a little bit lower than we were expecting but you guys are speaking very bullishly obviously fourth quarter growth is accelerating. So I just wanted to know if there was anything in this quarter’s consulting bookings that were maybe kind of one-time-ish like a push out, some delays or anything like that but just wanted to know what the impetus for you guys being so bullish about the next couple of quarters are?
Bill Green: Well we were pleased with the bookings that we reported but in every quarter there's some push outs, there’s things that didn't come through, things that drifted into the fourth quarter that we were sure we are going to get then, but I wouldn't say it was out of the ordinary, I mean, that happens all the time. So we were pretty comfortable with the bookings we have. We do like the trajectory and the momentum and the other thing that is important to me as you know is sort of the nature of the work, and the nature of the bookings that we got in terms of new things, transformation with a small (inaudible), not a big one but things that are defining (inaudible) that will have downstream impact for the firm hopefully for years to come, and so those are the things that we feel good about the quality of the bookings.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Okay, so things that we talked about also at the Analyst day when the kind of markets that we are through – changing going from more of a conservative cost cutting mentality to more of a growth mentality, are you still seeing positive trend and things like shorter sales cycle, less C-level sign off required, less focus, obviously pricing is always up there but it's not necessarily the first thing that people look at, are you starting to see the underlying factors ease up a little bit or is that trajectory continuing?
Bill Green: Yeah, I would say on balance, yes. It's interesting, I don't know if it's C-level sign off but it's C-level involvement. I mean, as executives are sort of starting to turn to look to the future they are getting involved very directly in a lot of these new initiatives, so they are very close to it and in fact they are the sponsor of half of them, and the thing that also going through our analysis, things around how do you compete on the global stage has continued to be more important and how do you focus on customer service in sort of a next generation way has been another thing and we hadn't seen a whole lot of that four quarters ago, but that is what has turned so there's a better mix of the cost performance and the revenue and growth enhancement in the portfolio of new bookings than there were say two or three quarters ago.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Bill Green: Thanks Adam.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Next we have Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Ed.
Bill Green: Hi Ed.
Edward Caso – Wells Fargo: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to look at the outsourcing, about 42% of revenue. Curious about how much of that comes up for renewal in the next four or five quarters and what you are seeing as far as changing attitudes on the part of your clients, in other words are they looking for more offshore and is that creating a greater competitive wedge [ph] from some of the established and offshore players?
Bill Green: Well I guess I would say this. I'm not satisfied with our consulting bookings, and our outsourcing bookings, I will just start with that. I want them to be higher. I expect them to be higher. The good news is outsourcing has come back. The downturn was so severe that people just stopped doing anything and so when we look at the pipeline, when we look at the activity levels, when we look at the bookings we see people back focused on this but there's no question that people are looking for real value for money. And so it's incredibly competitive out there. I think what's important though, Ed, is you don't let the things go to renewal time. I mean, many of the things you do if you take an initiative in how to put a better proposition on the table to extend the relationship you have and we very much leverage our offshore capability. We now have 100,000 people in the global delivery network, 50,000 people in India as of May 31, and we leverage that in order to put a proposition on the table that improves the economics for our client, and works for Accenture economically as well, and so that's the approach we pretty much have taken to the anniversaries of some of the contracts.
Edward Caso – Wells Fargo: Okay. Could you give us a sense for how many points of revenue growth that takes out now that – as you cycle through these larger contracts, and how much of a headwind is it to your growth rate?
Pamela Craig: What do you mean by a headwind?
Edward Caso – Wells Fargo: Well as you move from say maybe all on site personnel to a greater percentage of people offshore, you are obviously billing less per hour, so the $1 billion contract has become an $800 million contract and just a sense for sort of the mix shift you are facing?
Pamela Craig: Yeah, I mean, I think in outsourcing I think you are referring to technology outsourcing primarily, right?
Edward Caso – Wells Fargo: Technology and BPO.
Pamela Craig: Okay, well one of the things that we talked about on April 8th was that in Business Process Outsourcing, I would say there's really not any headwind there because really we are pretty much all the parts that can be in lower cost locations are. In application outsourcing we are also well down that road. It's really in system integration where we have more of that to go.
Edward Caso – Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Pamela Craig: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: We will go to Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Hi guys and congratulations.
Bill Green: Hey, Bryan, how are you doing?
Pamela Craig: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: I'm doing well.
Bill Green: FX, right, Bryan?
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Yeah, I'm going to ask about FX, but I'm saving it until last. You guys reiterated your 7 to 10% outlook in constant currency for fiscal year ‘11 but I'm just curious as your assumptions in Europe changed for fiscal year ‘11 due to some of the uncertainty or is Europe plans the same as when you gave the guidance in April?
Pamela Craig: Well, Bryan, as I mentioned in April and I remember you were right out of the chute with the FX question there then too, we will confirm all of this in the fall and I think the most important thing is because you know we run our businesses in local currency, we plan them in local currency, we manage them in local currency and all of the key underlying business assumptions we have remain the same. And yeah, foreign currency in Europe has been jumping around. We plan for some room in our earnings per share, but really don't see any point right now in providing the FX assumptions for fiscal ’11 because it may change again come September.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: I was just asking about constant currency in Europe. Has that plan changed?
Pamela Craig: No, it has not.
Bill Green: We haven't changed that, and one of the comments Pam made is about agility and we learned a lot in the last sort of six quarters about how to be agile and how to have the offerings that clients are looking for and so when we look at Europe right now, we recognize there could be some changes in terms of demand patterns and things over there, but our job is to just make sure we respond to those as directly as we can, and so we feel very good about Europe broadly. I mean, we know there's going to be some bumps over there just – by everything you need but at the end of the day, it's just do you have the right offerings for the right companies and are you getting in front of those, and that we feel pretty comfortable with, so when we look at our business plan for Europe for next year, we intend to execute it as we had when we first conceived it.
Pamela Craig: Yeah, so there has not been a change since April 8th.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just two last clarifications on Europe. One is just can you let us know your exposure to kind of that (inaudible) region and has that region been a little bit weaker and then just to be clear, over the last month or so, have you seen Europe start to be different, kind of a different trajectory in growth or it's kind of sluggish and it continues to be sluggish so there's no real different change?
Pamela Craig: We have not even anything over the last month. And in fact if anything it has been more of a sort of gradual pick up, and in terms of those countries and that acronym, we do have large businesses in Italy and in Spain. Those have always been extremely well managed businesses for us and continue today.
Bill Green: I would just add, we see Ireland bouncing back ahead of the game in some ways in terms of a lot of Ireland has taken the medicine and I think the other thing we look closely at is sort of the big global clients – are our clients in these countries, and so a lot of them even though they happen to be in Spain, they are big global banks and they react more to the global market than they react to the market in Spain and that serves them exceptionally well and it serves us well also.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: And I will just leave it with the FX question. I'm calculating about today's rates maybe five to six points of headwind for fiscal year 2011. Have you done any math and does that seem about right, Pam?
Pamela Craig: Our math would say it's a little less.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go to Karl Keirstead with Kaufman Brothers.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers: Yes, hi. I've got a question to follow-up on Adam's about consulting and revenue. I will ask it a slightly different way. Maybe it was coincidence but in constant currency your bookings growth in fiscal ‘09 was about equal to what your constant currency revenue growth will be this year, and yet if you hit the midpoint of your bookings guidance for this year, it will be about flat bookings and yet that needs to drive the 7 to 10% revenue growth next year, so I guess my question is, is the revenue guidance dependent upon a real uptick in bookings, or has something changed in the business such that the bookings this year are simply going to convert a little faster next, thank you.
Pamela Craig: Hello, Karl.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers: Hi.
Pamela Craig: Yes, regarding the bookings, things are converting faster. Things are smaller and have shorter duration which means then you can't really make that comparison that you made, and we do have visibility as we look forward into fiscal ‘11 that's very similar to what we had at this point last year.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers: Okay, that's good color, thank you.
Richard Clark: Operator we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Moshe Katri with the Cowen Group.
Pamela Craig: Hey, Moshe.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co.: Hey, thanks for taking my call. Just briefly on pricing, some of the Tier 1 offshore companies are talking about the scenario where they are actually planning to go back to their customers and trying to reprice some of the existing engagements, getting better pricing, maybe you can touch base on that. Thanks.
Bill Green: Well, I haven't seen one of those. I think it's a good theory. It's a good story. I do think – frankly, when you look at the pricing on the new work given the resources you have, given the competitiveness, given whether it's sole sourced or not and whether you want to open the door to people coming in. I think there's just a lot of people who have taken mental possession of the pricing that's been in the market, and I think fundamentally the pricing has changed and that's why we look really hard at our cost to serve, and we drive our cost to serve down all the time, because that's where we create lift. We think we have opportunities to get better yield out of the stuff we do offshore, particularly the things we move from onshore to offshore, than we do today and we are going to focus on that in our 2011, but I haven't seen a lot of initiatives of anybody repricing stuff out there, and frankly we are looking ahead at the work but not looking back at the work that we might have had.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Bill Green: Well, let me just wrap up and say a couple of things in closing here. First, I am delighted with our performance in the third quarter and it has been a rough ride around the place in terms of the environment. It's been a tough environment for our clients, but what was most important to me is that we execute in 2010 and maybe more important than that, we get Accenture back on its trajectory of increasing growth, and we have done that. We couldn't do that without the more than 190,000 men and women of Accenture whose focus and commitment to their work and their clients is what enables us to deliver real value, not only to our clients but our shareholders as well. So, I want to thank you very much for joining the call today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to talking to you again in our Q4 2010 earnings call in the fall. All the best.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7 PM tonight through midnight, Thursday, September 30th. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 158013. International callers dial 320-365-3844 using the same access code, 158013. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-03-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark – Managing Director, IR Bill Green – Chairman and CEO Pamela Craig – CFO
Analysts: Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley George Price – Stifel Nicolaus Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros. Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Jason Kupferberg – UBS Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan Tim Fox – Deutsche Bank Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’ll now turn the conference over to Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Clark: Thank you, operator. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we are seeing in the market and how we are positioning our business for the upturn and future growth. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2010, and then we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call today are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We include reconciliations of those measures to GAAP in our news release or on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you, Richard, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are very pleased with our results in Q2. We delivered a solid quarter, driving our business with discipline while positioning it for growth. And importantly, we are beginning to see positive signs and increasing demand for many of our services. Here are some highlights from the quarter. We generated revenues of $5.2 billion within our expected range of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion. Operating margin was 12.6%. We delivered earnings per share of $0.60. We achieved very strong new bookings of $6.5 billion, with consulting and outsourcing each exceeding $3 billion. We generated $616 million in free cash flow, and we continue to have an exceptionally strong balance sheet with a cash balance of more than $4 billion. In short, a very good performance. In addition, we just announced a dividend of $0.375, which is our first semi-annual dividend in part of our ongoing commitment to return cash to shareholders. While there are still uncertainties and challenges in the global environment, we are seeing signs of positive momentum in the market, as our clients are once again looking to the future. We are very well positioned to benefit accordingly with the return to positive growth. We are staying close to our clients helping them with their most important initiatives. We have enhanced our offerings for today’s demands and we are recruiting high quality talent aggressively to ensure that we have the breadth and depth of capabilities to capitalize on future growth opportunities. With that, I will turn the call over to Pam who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. And thanks to all of you for listening today. I’m pleased to tell you more about our second quarter results. Before I get into these results in detail, let me provide some perspective on how our business is trending right now. First, we were pleased with the trajectory of new bookings. Consulting bookings came in at a strong level, similar to Q1, and total bookings were up 19% in local currency over Q1. Second, net revenues on a year-over-year basis are now just about through the cycle of negative year-over-year comparisons. Our consulting business continued to strengthen during the second quarter and reflected sequential growth on a per net workday basis compared with the prior quarter. We believe that the outsourcing revenue comparison reflects the bottom of the impact of last year’s terminations and that outsourcing revenues will turn up next quarter. Lastly, we continued our strong cash flow delivery through the quarter. Now let’s get to the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are US GAAP, expect the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $6.52 billion and reflect a positive 6% foreign exchange impact compared with new bookings in the second quarter of last year. Consulting bookings were $3.39 billion, and outsourcing bookings were $3.13 billion. This level of bookings was the highest in three quarters. On bookings, good, steady demand for our services and our consulting business continued. In management consulting, our bookings were broad based and strong around the world and across four of the five operating groups. Demand continues primarily in strategic sourcing and customer relationship management in addition to risk management and post merger integration. While cost take-out remains a priority, we did see an uptick in demand for projects focused on strategies for revenue growth. In technology consulting, bookings were driven by continued demand for projects in infrastructure consolidation and virtualization, security, and IT governance. This quarter was our strongest yet for bookings within technology consulting. In systems integration, our bookings reflect client interest and services for custom application development as well as for ERP add-ons and extensions with an increasing level of work with emerging technologies. We continue to work with our clients seeking cost relief to shift more of the mix of resources to our global delivery network to deliver more value for money. This results in work volume growing faster than revenue, a trend we expect to continue over the medium term. Turning to outsourcing, our solid bookings were driven by technology outsourcing, as our clients continue to seek improved costs and service levels. Included in these bookings were five contracts in excess of $100 million each. So in summary, we delivered a strong bookings quarter across the dimensions of our business for both consulting and outsourcing. And even after recording $6.5 billion in new bookings, our pipeline grew in Q2. Now, turning to revenue, net revenues for the second quarter were $5.18 billion, a decrease of 2% in US dollars and 8% in local currency from the same period last year. These revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of positive 6% compared with Q2 last year. These net revenues were solidly in our guided range of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion, a range that had assumed a higher foreign exchange lift of 7%. Consulting revenues were $2.93 billion, a decrease of 3% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.24 billion, flat in US dollars and a decrease of 6% in local currency. The year-over-year consulting revenue decline continued in Communications & High Tech, Products, and Resources, but moderated when compared to Q1 and in fact turned positive on a sequential revenue per net workday basis. Health & Public Service operating results reflect a significant decline in consulting revenues due to delivery inefficiencies on a contract in public service, which negatively impacted both revenues and operating margin for the quarter. The results also reflect the growing uncertainty and challenges in the public sector around the world, and we expect this to continue for some time. The momentum we saw in Financial Services during Q1 continued to build into the second quarter, and the consulting revenue grew 6% year-over-year in local currency. This was driven primarily by demand for finance and performance management services, post-merger integration, and risk and regulatory work. Turning now to outsourcing, revenues declined 6% in local currency due largely to the terminations and restructurings we experienced in FY ’09. We continue to expect to be impacted by these terminations until the anniversary in the second half of fiscal 2010. Otherwise, outsourcing revenues had begun to trend positive, while at the same time continued to reflect patterns we have mentioned in recent quarters, as clients are focused on driving down costs through the use of lower cost resources and closely managing scope on new and existing projects. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 32.7%, up from 30.8% in Q2 last year, a 190 basis point increase. The majority of the year-over-year increase can be attributed to the implementation of the new sales effectiveness model I mentioned after Q1. Sales and marketing costs were $623 million or 12.0% of net revenues compared with $519 million or 9.9% of net revenues for the second quarter last year. This increase in sales cost was primarily due to the implementation of our sales effectiveness model I just mentioned and our efforts to grow our pipeline. General and administrative costs were $413 million or 8.0% of net revenues compared with $439 million or 8.3% of net revenues for the second quarter last year. We continue to work our G&A cost down as a percent of net revenue. These results primarily reflect savings due to our consolidation of office space. Operating income for the quarter decreased 4% to $651 million resulting in a 12.6% operating margin. This compares with a 12.9% operating margin in Q2 last year, which included a 30 basis point benefit from a reduction in our re-organization liabilities in that quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.8% compared with 28.1% in the second quarter last year. This quarter included some final determinations resulting in a rate in the quarter below our guided annual range of 30% to 32%. Net income was $462 million for the second quarter compared with $502 million for the same quarter last year, a decrease of 8%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.60, a decrease of $0.03 compared with $0.63 in the second quarter last year. This difference reflects a $0.05 decrease from lower revenue and operating results in local currency, a $0.01 decrease from re-organization benefits that were included in last year’s operating income, and a $0.03 decrease from lower non-operating income, offset by a $0.02 increase from a lower share count and the $0.04 increase from favorable foreign exchange rates. Now let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $616 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $660 million, net of property and equipment additions of $44 million. This strong cash flow reflects the continued great performance managing our DSO. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding were 30 days, down from 32 days in the first quarter and up from 28 days at the end of last fiscal year. Our total cash balance at February 28 was $4.1 billion versus $4.5 billion at the end of August. Turning to some key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with global headcount of more than 181,000 people, and we now have more than 88,000 people in our global delivery network. In Q2, our utilization was 88%, in line with Q1 but still higher than our targeted level. Attrition, which excludes involuntary terminations, was 15%, up from 12% in Q1 and 9% in Q2 last year. Lastly, we now plan to hire more than 50,000 people around the world this year. Before I turn things back to Bill, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed approximately 10 million shares for $434 million at an average price of $41.89 per share, including approximately 2 million shares repurchased in the open market. At February 28, we had $4.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Earlier today, we announced that our Board of Directors has declared our first semi-annual cash dividend in the amount of $0.375 per share. This dividend will be paid on May 14. This is in line with our Board’s decision to move to semi-annual dividends beginning in fiscal 2010, as indicated on the Q4 earnings call. At that time, I noted that it was our intent to announce the Board’s declaration of the first semi-annual dividend when we announce Q2 earnings, and to assume that the first semi-annual dividend would be roughly equal to half of the previous year’s annual dividend of $0.75 per share. The Board’s decision today is right in line with that. You should think of this first semi-annual dividend as a bridge to our new semi-annual dividend program. Looking ahead, it is the Board’s intent to establish an annual dividend target once final fiscal year result turn on in the early fall. The Board would then declare and we would announce at our Q4 earnings call a semi-annual dividend that will be sized to half of this annual dividend target. The following spring when Q2 earnings are announced, we would follow with the Board’s declaration of the second part. In summary, our Q2 results reflect the hard work and focus that our people collectively demonstrated in working with our clients to meet their needs in what has been a challenging time for everyone. Demand for our services is broadening and strengthening, and we find Accenture well positioned for profitable growth in the future. Now let me turn the call back to Bill for some comments about how we are positioned for that future.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Before Pam takes you through our outlook for Q3 and the full year, I just wanted to take a moment to give you my view on where we are and how we are positioned for the future. The economic environment we’ve always gone through has of course been extremely challenging. But it’s also been an excellent opportunity for leading companies to demonstrate their management shops and, more importantly, to sharpen their ability to compete, win and grow in the future. Over the past year, we have done just that. We laid out a new human capital strategy. We refreshed our business strategy. And we invested to gain more depth and breadth in everything we do. In short, we positioned ourselves for the future – this future. Looking at our track record, thus far as a public company on every measure is something we are extremely proud of. But I believe our time for the next level of market leadership is squarely in front of us. When I look over the past 12 months, I see a time not of recovery, but of renewal. We are incredibly excited as we look to the future. Taking stock of where we are, let me share a few observations. Our people, 181,000 and counting are the best people on the planet in terms of skills and experience. And we continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars a year in training them. Our clients, 96 of the Fortune Global 100, three quarters of the Fortune Global 500, and closing in on 100 diamond clients with relationships based on trust, confidence and delivery. Our brand, one of our top 50 brands in the world and synonymous with high performance and business outcomes. Our global footprint, providing global clients with consistent service anywhere in the world they operate in more than 120 countries and building leadership positions in the markets of the future. Our delivery model, which ranges from high touch and locally responsive to the global efficiency and industrialization of our global delivery network, supported by an incredible ability to leverage worldwide learning, knowledge and assets. Our breadth and depth of service, few, if any, can work with clients from envisioning solutions to designing and building them, to operating them on behalf of our clients, all with unparallel depth by function, industry and technology. Our 4,500 senior executives’ deep experience with their personal skin in the game tied to our results, and our commitment to shareholders, a durable company, pristine balance sheet, a shareholder focus, and on a daily basis running our company as a high performance business. We have great confidence in our position. It is one of leadership. It’s one of success. Our 2010 results are on track with our expectations. We expect to end the year on a trajectory that shows us back to altitude in driving our business. As we look forward, we feel very good. As the market for our types of services moves up, we outperform. Look at the track record in the history. We are of course focused on delivering 2010, but we will share some of the facts supporting what I’ve just covered at our investor and analyst conference on April 8th. Now Pam will provide our business outlook for the third quarter and the rest of the year.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarter’s revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As I mentioned in the last two quarters, we knew that the first half of fiscal 2010 will be challenging year-on-year, given the 6% local currency revenue growth in the first half of fiscal ‘09. With the first half of fiscal 2010 now behind us, we believe we have turned the corner, but remain cautious about the pace of the upturn, given continued economic uncertainty around the world. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion, which assumes the foreign exchange uplift of approximately 5% for the quarter. This range reflects the rates over the past two weeks. Turning to the full fiscal year, we are assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 3% for the full fiscal year, which has trended down from the positive 5% assumption we provided last quarter. For revenue, we see improving demand for our services and good future business taking shape. Based on our year-to-date results and the outlook just provided for Q3, we now expect our fiscal year 2010 revenue to be at the low end of our guided range of a 3% decline to a 1% increase in local currency. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $23 billion to $26 billion, even with the additional 2% foreign exchange headwind. We continue to expect operating margin to be 13.4%. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, as we’ve seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 30% to 32%. We are updating our outlook for earnings per share only to reflect the new foreign exchange assumption. We now therefore expect EPS for the full fiscal year to be in a range of $2.61 to $2.69, a decrease of $0.06. Finally, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion, property and equipment additions to be $290 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. In closing, we see an improving demand environment. Demand patterns have changed a lot, we have responded, and our business is poised for growth. We remain fully focused on revenue growth, earnings, and the generation of strong cash flow with the objective of returning a substantial portion of that cash to shareholders. We look forward to sharing more with you at our investor and analyst day in two weeks. Richard, let’s take some questions.
Richard Clark: Thanks, Pam. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Bill Green: Hi, Adam.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Adam.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: How are you? Just wanted to ask a couple of questions here. Obviously the quarter was okay, was pretty decent considering everything that was going on, but it just probably is really about looking forward and what’s going to happen in the next several quarters. So maybe I was wondering because booking, you had two consecutive good ones on the consulting side, how do you see year-to-date revenue guidance? But looking out maybe a little bit further, talk about the lag between the bookings rebound and the revenue rebound and ultimately when margins could tick up a little bit as well.
Pamela Craig: Okay, Adam, I’ll start here. I mean, as you know well, there is a lag in the sense of getting people on board and getting them going and trained and going. But nonetheless we have seen a good sequential progression in consulting in particular. And so consulting was actually up on a per workday basis 4% in Q2. So I think that it’s already starting to kick in and we are expecting that will continue over this year, that we will see something similar in the next two quarters in terms of some acceleration. Sorry, what was the second part of your question?
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: When do you think margins would tick up? How long will it take until you let a little bit out there?
Pamela Craig: You will never give up, neither will I. The – we have guided 13.4% for this year. We are sticking to that. That’s with the investments we are making in the business in terms of the training and the hiring on the investments in our offerings. And I think that given that when we originally put together our revenue plan and we provided that original guidance of negative three to positive one, we did expect that we would be hiring that. And I think the fact that we have maintained on that margins well and expect to continue to do so is a good statement. So that’s where we are with margins. Like you, I’ll never give up. But that’s where we are for this year.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Okay, cool. And then if I could just ask one for Bill, obviously the pickup in turnover at this stage of the cycle could actually be viewed as a positive data point in the sense that people do have places to go, other firms are hiring because there is more demand out there. So maybe, Bill, if you could just talk about the current trends and the relationship between turnover and hiring, waging and pricing, and how the four of those things are kind of jiving together at this point?
Bill Green: Well, I guess, Adam, first, there is nothing good about turnover in my book. But it is a fact of life in this business. Right? And our people are very attracted to our clients, and some of them choose to move along. I think us hiring 50,000 people says a lot about how we see the outlook and what we see going on out there. And I think leading companies are starting to look to the future, and companies are starting to invest in their businesses again, and we see it in a pipeline. I think we see it in the momentum we see in the business. We’ve responded with hiring as we have. And a lot of the relationships that we tend to very carefully through challenging times are going to start serving us very well. All of that is going to create more opportunities for people in this profession, and particularly Accenture pedigree people. But we feel really good about what we’ve been seeing in the last quarter, and we hope to be able to bring in some real talent in this market and combine it with the incredible folks that we have and drive the revenues and profits from that.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Is the uptick in the hiring because of the increase in turnover, or were you going to increase the number anyway from the – I think it was 42,000 on the last call? Will you increase that anyway to refine the demand?
Bill Green: No, I think it was 45 on the last call. We are comfortable with 50 now. We have brought over 20,000 people onboard already this year. Attracting and bringing onboard and training and deploying talent is one of the core competencies of the firm. So frankly, the hiring is just in response to the demand we see and the pipelines that we have in front of us.
Adam Frisch – Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks, guys. Good to be back with you. Thanks.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: We will go next to George Price with Stifel Nicolaus.
Pamela Craig: Hi, George.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks very much for taking my couple questions. Wanted to start off just with the GDN shift, when does that start to anniversary, Pam? That is, the moderation of revenue with the GDN shift.
Pamela Craig: Well, I mean, it’s been going on for some time. I would say that we are further along in the outsourcing than we are in system integration. We do see more interest in the system integration area from our clients in being willing to do more work remotely, which is good. So we do expect that will continue for some more time, say, in medium term.
Bill Green: Yes. I think – you know, we’ve looked hard at that. We managed that. But in reflection, we’ve done that for five years.
Pamela Craig: Yes.
Bill Green: And so I think there was above acceleration this year. Whether that bump continues, flattens out, who knows? But I think it’s something that we manage and just bring in the whole thing together in terms of the operating margin we deliver in our revenue profile. So we are going to keep watching it closely and frankly get more efficient and better at how we manage it.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Just to kind of clarify, medium-term, Pam, I think you just said that’s going to be something that is going to be there more or less at least the next year or two?
Pamela Craig: Yes.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, okay. Second question is on good bookings, by the way.
Pamela Craig: Thank you.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: But wanted to just kind of follow up something you talked about how there was a higher mix of revenue in some of the past bookings numbers, even though they look pretty good that there was a higher amount of revenue that was out beyond fiscal ’11. And I was wondering if that trend, if that changed at all.
Bill Green: No. In fact, if you look – I mean, we look really hard at that. And the quality of the bookings this quarter were exceptional in terms of, if you combine the nature of the consulting stuff plus if you look at the outsourcing stuff in the shorter duration, a lot of it is more near-term revenue than our profile has been frankly historically. I know exactly what you are asking. We look real hard at that as well in terms of how quickly the bookings convert to revenue.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right. So that’s actually reversible. But I guess the last question then I wanted to ask is on pricing. I’ve heard that pricing in the competitive environment is still going to be kind of aggressive out there giving resources away or discounting resources. Where do you guys stand on pricing, particularly on the consulting side? And how are you addressing the competitive dynamics out there?
Pamela Craig: In the high value consulting, management consulting, technology consulting, the pricing is really very stable. And we did take a hard look at that, as we were looking at the quarter. Meaning, the system integration business, as we just talked about, with the shift offshore, that means lower costs and therefore lower prices. And the key there, I think, is to be very proactive about how we are managing that, as Bill mentioned, and to maintain margins.
George Price – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Karl Keirstead with Kaufman Bros.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros.: Hi, thank you for taking my question. And at the risk of the laboring the point if I could just go back to bookings, I just want to make sure we all understand because bookings seemed to be coming in fairly strong for the February quarter and yet you lowered the top-line guidance to the low end of your range. I just want to understand if it’s not a bookings conversion issue, what was it that incented you to tilt to the low end of the top-line constant currency guidance? Thanks.
Pamela Craig: Hey, Karl. I don’t think it really is different from last quarter. I mean, last quarter, I saw a tilting there and really see it coming out at about the same place at this point above the bottom, but tilted towards the lower end.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros.: Okay. And if I could ask a quick follow-up, on the outsourcing business that hasn’t rebounded or held up as well as, I think, some might think, I think you touched on the issue around some of the contract run-offs and terminations anniversarying in the second half, so things should get better. But perhaps you could touch on a little bit of the offshore apps outsourcing. I think that’s a pretty good component to Accenture‘s outsourcing revenue stream. A number of firms, the Indian vendors, IBM are exceedingly [ph] posting good numbers there. We’re not yet seeing it in Accenture’s outsourcing business. Is that because it’s being masked some of the pressures from fiscal ’09? Maybe a little color there would be helpful.
Bill Green: Yes, we did have to get that last year sort of terminations and restructurings behind us, which we’ve done. We get great momentum in the apps outsourcing business. I think it was interesting – apps outsourcing, you’re going to look also – what we look at is the quality of the business, not just the meat moving, if you will, of the business. And frankly, we feel good about the deals that we have. There are good deals that work with our economics. They average up our portfolio and, frankly, see good momentum in that space. It was interesting I think everyone thought outsourcing would be more robust in the last 12 months. But I think we had the very unique thing, and that was people aren’t making any decisions. And I think people are just starting to make those decisions now and we expect that the application side of the outsourcing is going to continue to get momentum.
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros.: Okay. Thank you both for the color.
Pamela Craig: Thanks.
Operator: We have Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Hey, guys. Just wanted to talk a little bit about how the demand environment has changed since the last time you guys spoke to us about three months ago. I mean, it looks like on the positive side, I mean, excluding the impact of current, at least the move in currency in the last three months, your revenues for the February quarter were at the very top end of your range. You’re taking your headcount hiring plan up about 5,000 people, which is at least 10%. And in the bookings, particularly being short cycle deals, that also seems fairly positive. Yet the guidance is at the low end of the range, which is probably what you guys were signaling [ph] three months ago. So I see a handful of positive and I see guidance kind of at the low end of the range, which is probably a fairly unchanged outlook. Are you seeing an obstacle that’s still holding you back or that that might be something that could offset some of the recent positives, or are you kind of just keeping the bar low? How do we gauge that?
Pamela Craig: Well, I think it’s fair to say, Rod, at least for me being a sort of conservative one on the phone here is that I do still have some caution about pace. And that is reflected in there. And – because you’re right. The February bookings, when you took into account – sorry, revenue, when you took into account foreign exchange, it was near the top end of the range. And I think our people still have a little caution in there. Right? There is still uncertainty out there. It is moderating, I would say. But it’s still out there. But I think that is in the mix, but we looked at this six ways to Sunday, and we really tried to just call it as we see it in terms of where we believe it will come out this year.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Are the deal sizes in the pipeline starting to get larger. And at the same time, are you seeing some of the short-term – or the smaller deals lead into a healthy flow of follow-on work as an encouraging sign of some of the momentum that might be building?
Bill Green: Yes, I think that’s true. As we mentioned, people were taking more bite-sized pieces, and once they do that and that’s successfully delivered, they expand that. So some of it comes from that. I think the deal size is modestly larger, but what it is in – are those big deals or those big transformational things that we might have known from a few years back. But frankly, this is better business. It’s near-term business, and it’s stuff you can get started on and get delivered and then expand as you go.
Pamela Craig: One of the things we did see this quarter, Rod, is that transformation as a concept has not gone, and we just see that it is being ranged in smaller chunks and we did see sort of an uptick in transformational components of the strategy work that returned in management consulting. And those management consulting, technology consulting, the higher value consulting area, the average contract sizes were up a bit this quarter, outsourcing more steady.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: That’s good to hear. And then in the outsourcing pipeline and the win rate, it sounds like the pipeline is building. Can you gauge the pace of the build in the outsourcing pipeline and then has the win rate improved, Bill, to your liking on the outsourcing front?
Bill Green: It will never be at my liking. Don’t let Salvino off the hook. You know, what’s important in the outsourcing pipeline is the economics of the deals there. There is billions of dollars of profitless deals out there. I mean billions. And there is billions of dealers of single-digit economic deals. And so the key thing is the ones you get. I mean, we are just delighted with the profitability and the execution capability of our outsourcing stuff. And we’ve been trying to make sure we average up our portfolio and not just tell about. And so I think that’s a distinction that we make. We are grateful that we have a chance to make some of those choices.
Pamela Craig: One notable thing about the outsourcing pipeline is the infrastructure outsourcing, which is part of technology outsourcing, of course, that part of our pipeline is up the most. It’s up quite significantly.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: And are volumes on the outsourcing deals starting to terminate and become a little more positive. You saw downward scoping last year, Are the volumes on existing deals starting to get better?
Bill Green: I guess I would – it's marginal, really. I mean, there is still a lot of small beachhead foot in the water up to the knee kind of deals as opposed to sort of the big – take all there, there are also deals were people are splitting the work between two suppliers. And so all of those things have some impact on the dynamic of the size.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Thank you, guys.
Bill Green: Thanks.
Pamela Craig: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: We have a question from Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon.
Pamela Craig: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Hi. It’s just backing into the constant currency revenue guidance for 3Q ’10. I’m getting positive to 6% constant currency. I guess if my math correct and then a little help on its outsourcing or consulting will be stronger than the other or about the same?
Pamela Craig: Positive 2% to 6% in Q3, as you just calculated. That’s right. And the control thing will be – we believe will be higher than the outsourcing in that mix.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Okay.
Pamela Craig: The consulting more in low-to-high positive single digits and outsourcing more flat to mid positive single digits.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then how about the fourth quarter? Will it be about the same constant currency if we back into it or it should be a little stronger than 3Q?
Pamela Craig: Stronger.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Stronger.
Pamela Craig: Yes, more like mid positive single to low-double.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then last question from me, we get the question a lot just about operating margins. I guess instead of asking when will it take, I guess what would be the key to get back to an environment where we can see the operating leverage going to the bottom line. Thanks a lot.
Pamela Craig: Yes, you know – I mean, last year, as you know, we brought 50 basis points in – after you took out the restructuring charge. And of course that’s the level that we said we maintained this year. And I think from where I sit, I just want them to be sustainable. I want what we delivered there to be something that we can sustain and deliver and build from over time. And this is a time of renewal, and rebuilding of our business. We do need to invest in our business. And there is still uncertainty out there in some of these dynamics. And so we just thought this is the responsible level to do for this year. Now in terms of next year, we will update you in September, I guess, when we do our guidance for next year. I mean, it’s obviously always a mix, right? Because we know it’s important, but we are just trying to balance everything and really just get to all the levers that we have for operating margin and continue to push on them and see what we can do.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Good seeing the momentum change to the positive. So congratulations on that.
Bill Green: Thank you.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: We will go next to Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Pamela Craig: Julio, hi.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Hey, Pam. Hey, Bill.
Pamela Craig: Are you going to ask me about the dividend?
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: No, no. I’m happy. If there is not (inaudible) direction. A couple of quick things. So you’re sort of playing through the numbers. I think the plus exactly where we were coming after the constant currency. And then it sounds like you are pretty clear in terms of what you think. So the trajectory has definitely gone from negative first half to a positive second half. But it seems like some of the parts are kind of moving in the wrong direction. Asia-Pacific definitely took – looks like it took a turn for the worse while Europe looks like it improved. I guess if you were to look at the last two quarters of this year and taking into account your cautious – some of the cautious that you still want to factor in. Are you more worried about Europe or are you more worried about Asia-Pacific at this point?
Bill Green: I’m not worried about Asia-Pacific. I mean, it’s still a little bit of a frontier out there. And frankly, two or three deals can really swing this thing one way or another. If you look at the pipelines and the activity, we made some leadership changes this year. We get some great new people in place. And so I’m not worried about that all. Just on the geographies, what matters a lot is North America. And I’m delighted with some of the momentum we are seeing in North America. The other thing we have to do is we’ve got to get people in the road. Right? I mean, if you look at our utilization, if you look at the demand, one of the things we’re very focused on was making sure we have a great opportunity in this market to get some real talent. And we got to get them in the door and get them underway. I mean, that’s a big part of this. And so we’ve dialed up the recruiting machine a lot and our training engines and things like that. But you know, we got to just make sure we get them through and deployed. And that’s an important element. In Europe, I think there is a mixed bag. If you just go through the countries, we are not worried about it, but we are cautious because they are cautious and there is a lot of uncertainty over there. And frankly, when I look at Europe, it’s more on a client-by-client consideration than it is on a country-by-country by consideration. And that’s kind how we are managing the business over there.
Pamela Craig: Just one other comment on Asia-Pac, Julio, I mean, with the (inaudible) sort of going into the decline, it was maybe the countries you would expect; Japan, Australia. But we do expect that they will prop up faster, and there is good growth in the more emerging kind of countries in Asia-Pacific.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just lastly, because there has been a lot of controversy around this target of negative three to plus one, what would have to go wrong from here in order for you guys to come in below the negative three? Is it a geographic thing or is it an operating group of sorts that could actually result in and you guys missing the negative three to plus one guidance at this point.
Bill Green: They don’t let me answer that question. So Pam, I’ll let you answer.
Pamela Craig: Well, needless to say, Julio, I mean, it’s always a little easier halfway through than when you start just in terms of visibility. And the visibility has improved a little, which – and certainly in terms of near-term visibility, it’s better than it has been. So I mean, we are more confident about it. And again, the pipeline is up, the bookings are up, so the pieces that we look at to project that or indicating that we are confident about the range.
Bill Green: Yes. Julio, I think we’ve just – we're just trying to be thoughtful. Right? We get surprised a year ago. We don’t want to be back to that. As Pam mentioned in our comments, there is still lot of uncertainty out there around the world. But if you just sort of triangulate the hiring and the pipelines and all that stuff, we believe around the right trajectory. We’re just having a little in a world it seems like anything can happen. So we are just going to be thoughtful about it.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: A minute ago hard ball [ph] with the numbers, but we are not there yet. So – I haven’t commented – all right, guys. Thanks.
Bill Green: Thanks, Julio.
Pamela Craig: Thanks, Julio.
Operator: We have a question from Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
Bill Green: Hi, Jason.
Pamela Craig: Hey, Jason.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: I had a question on utilization to start in 88%, obviously running pretty high. What’s kind of surprising you guys were able to keep it flat quarter-or-quarter despite the fewer workdays over the holiday season. Can you talk about some of the drivers? I think in the past you suggested these levels really aren’t sustainable, but has anything changed in your thinking there?
Bill Green: No. I mean, it’s too high in my opinion. The people we brought in and we have brought in over 20,000 people so far this year. We’ve put them to work and the utilization continues there. As Pam mentioned, our plan is 50,000 across the year. We expect we will get all of them busy and hopefully that will give us some room on the bench, if you will, to have a little few points off of that market just as we do more training and investments and things like that in our talent. But it’s just something we are balances but the business continues to charge away and we are bringing them people. It’s fast as we can in order to make sure we are getting the highest quality talent. And so we haven’t caught up with the utilization rate. So just a follow-up on that, if utilization rate was perhaps a little bit of an upside surprise in the quarter, where there any margin factors that went against you, more than you would anticipate it, because the margins overall at least relative to what we were expecting or a little bit lighter. Well, I mentioned that one delivery inefficiency we had. So that was one thing that went against the margin. And the 88%, I mean we knew it was going to take a little bit of time for that to come down. I mean, it doesn’t just instantly come down. So we were actually expecting at that level.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay, okay. And then have you guys taken a look at – just coming back to the attrition questions, the reasons that people are leaving, I mean, obviously the economy is better than it was a year ago, but the attrition is up 9.15, may be a little more than people would have expected. Is there anything concerning if you guys analyze the reasons why people are leaving, whether it’s competitors or the clients or they are going back to graduate school, any changes that are discernible are noteworthy there. I mean, 9 is a fluke. We live, and we always used to see we wanted it in the 12 to 15 range, as we look back over the last six to seven years. That was kind of the range. We are a little surprised that the fewer points up in that range. But it is a market where talent is the premium. I mean, there is just no question and frankly the Accenture pedigree, our clients (inaudible) with some of our folks. And people want a different lifestyle and all that. So it’s something that we are used to dealing with. We have incredible insights on all of this. And I think that we probably had a time last year where people didn’t move but might have moved. And so I there is a little – probably a little catch up going on in there.
Pamela Craig: Yes. That’s what I was just going to mention is that it’s not unusual when things turn out to have it pop alone.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay. And if I can just sneak in one last one, I think last year in the IP services industry, one of the key themes was vendor consolidation and you guys seem to benefit from expense management, as well as maybe up or other competitors. But are you guys seeing that trend continue at a similar pace so far in 2010 or do you think that most of that glory of vendor consolidation is kind of behind us now that the economy has stabilized somewhat. I think we still see it, but it’s not as – it became very, very compact in terms of timeframe last year, and now it’s sort of back to where it always was. And so it just various, still a lot of that going on, but it’s not sort of the feverish level almost that it was last year.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: We will go to next to Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Hello. I just wanted to ask, where specifically have you seen the uptick in consulting and maybe you could talk about what has changed in the last couple of weeks.
Bill Green: Well, I mean – actually the (inaudible) fair term. When we closed the quarter for (inaudible) doing the state of the business call, as we delivery two weeks, which we’d get on Monday morning. We just feel great about the consulting business, because what’s happened is we’ve moved from an environment where we are doing a lot of work focused on operational improvements and cost efficiencies. And now people are starting to raise their sites and look at growth, revenue enhancement, customer service, sort of next generation marketing. A lot of things to work on the revenue line and as opposed to working on the costs. And so some of that is even new supply chain things, front end, CRM, look, seize and strategies, different ways to market, channel strategies. And so what’s come back is sort of people have raised their sites and said, you know, “Growth is going to come back. We have opportunities in the market. The market is coming back and it doesn’t look exactly like the one that we left. And we need to refresh and renew how we do some things.” And so it’s very straightforward stuff around supply chain, customer service and things like that. And then of course, we continue to benefit from the merger integration things that we do in a lot of places. And the technology consulting businesses doing gain busters, as people try to sort out where they are infrastructure-wise, where they are as it relates to ultimately moving to the cloud, and where they are as it relates to security. And so that element of consulting on the technology side is a big thing as well.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Have you completed sort of the budgeting process with most of your clients at this point for 2010?
Pamela Craig: Probably.
Bill Green: Yes, I – I mean, I guess I’d say everyone went into the year with a plan, and I think the clients by and large were cautious about their spend profile, as they saw how their own business came to be. And I don’t know if the healthcare thing will send any of them back in the United States, but there is still some uncertainty out there. But I think by and large, people have selected the things they are going to make investments in and have started or just beginning to start making the investments in those. And I think some of what you see in our consulting business is exactly the result of that.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: And just one last question, I think maybe you could just talk about what you are seeing this year, as you go to that process versus what you saw last year. I think a lot of what we are hearing is that maybe the budgets are a little bit more fixed and that might lead to maybe some upside in spending going forward, and maybe you could just talk about sort of the comparison of the two years.
Bill Green: Well, I guess the only way I compared is this. Last year, if you hadn’t already started spending it, you aren’t going to start spending it. And what we have now, I think, is a budget that people are operating to, but also companies aren’t afraid to initiate things that aren’t in the budget. And very often some of the strategic programs and the some of the front end consulting work, which will ultimately involve the IT expense and other expenses, are in the budgets that people are initiating those projects. And last year, none of those things got initiated. If it wasn’t in the budget and you hadn’t started spending money on it, for the most part, people didn’t initiate anything. And so we’ve seen a lot of initiation in the last quarter. And if you just look at the nature of the pipeline, the conversations around the world right now, a lot of thing is around initiation of new initiatives.
Pamela Craig: That’s currently happening in the higher value consulting really across the whole commercial client base around the world. And also interestingly, in system integration, I mean, there is very good demand for custom, as I mentioned, ERP and SAP as well. So even though the FI [ph] projects maybe are a little smaller now, there is a lot of them, and we’re responding to that.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go to Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Pamela Craig: Hi, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Hey, Pam, thanks. Just a few quick follow-ups. Just on the SG&A, it’s at 20% now. Do you expect that to stay at this rate for a bit or – and when can we get back to the old 18% level that we’ve seen?
Pamela Craig: Yes. I mean, I would be glad to see the G&A coming down, so of course that’s the one that you most want to continue to try to manage down. I mean, I think in the sales and marketing side, we’ve put some emphasis on selling and spending money there, investing money there. And at least at this point, we are going to keep doing that.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay. That’s (inaudible) where we have. The other question I have which is EPS is pretty much in line where we had although the penny difference is really in the other expense line. It’s about $14 billion below the line. What’s driving the volatility there? Is it the hedge, Pam?
Pamela Craig: Yes, it’s foreign exchange clearly. I mean, basically last year we had foreign exchange gains and this year we have 14.65 losses, and it’s driving the swing there this year.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Any suggestions on what it could look like in the back half of the year that other others jump on [ph]?
Pamela Craig: That’s a big question. Does foreign exchange is a difficult thing to predict. I guess giving what your – given the implied guidance as you’ve sent up, Yes. We decided not to change that really, just in terms of what had had. We thought about because it did swing a little negative this quarter, we decided not to.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay, okay. And then just two more quick ones. Will you be giving us your fiscal ’11 outlook or answer that in your third quarter earnings. I know you’ve done that in the distance past but not recently.
Pamela Craig: At this point, no plans to do that, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay. Last one, sort of more of a high level question for Bill. Just I get a lot of questions about cloud and virtualization, sort of what’s the latest thinking around that and implications for Accenture (inaudible) if you can hear me.
Bill Green: Yes. No, I can. I get the same disease. I mean, we feel great about – you go through the high phases on a lot of this stuff, but this cloud stuff is real. Right? The serious of which the providers are looking at it, the seriousness of which the clients are looking at it, the virtualization as a science, if you will, let alone the technology in the total cost of ownership profiles are real. Addition I think you see some leading companies. Obviously the VMWare, VMC connection, you see what Microsoft is doing. We have lots of engagements underway. But as I always say, it’s not like you put your stuff in the pickup and drive it to the cloud. I mean, this is complex stuff. There is a lot of work to do getting repositioned in that environment. But we’ve got dozens and dozens of early stage things going on. And I think that as the technology gets betters and if the cost profiles get understood, and as a few pioneers get out there, this thing is going to be a bona fide technology wave. And we are excited about how we are positioned really with all the providers as it relates to that.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Okay. So it sounds like its additive. We talk more about at the analyst day?
Bill Green: Yes, actually we are – Kevin will be in. Don Rippert, our Chief Technology Officer, those guys have been immersed in there, and that will be their analyst day to give you some color on that.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JPMorgan: Very good. Thanks to you then.
Pamela Craig: Great. Thank you, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: We have Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox – Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. Just one quick question. You mentioned, Pam, the health and public service line was seeing some uncertainty. Could you give a little bit more color around that commentary. And it’s been obviously a strong sector for you over the past 18 months or so. What’s driving some of the uncertainty you are seeing in that line.
Pamela Craig: Well, I mean, buying patterns have changed due to growing uncertainty and challenges in the public sector around the world. And so we do expect that to continue sort of as we work through it. Now there is continued demand for health and human services type work, and also in our health segment, it’s different. We are expecting sequential growth to start. But in the public sector, there has definitely just been a change given all that’s happening with these kinds of organizations around the world.
Bill Green: I think – it's no secret the public finance is already where you look. One day after the next, there is challenges at the state and local level. There are challenges in the reimbursement of federal, out of the state, and local things. And if you are obviously looking through Europe, you’ll see some huge challenges and public finances over there. And so I think we think the environment is going to be a tad cautious, as people are trying to decide do they have the funding for some of the bigger initiatives, not the garden variety stuff, but the bigger and more important things. On the other side, the health – the health business, the activity levels picked up. The pipelines have picked up. And the question everyone asked in (inaudible) so it just in case is, what is the impact of the recent legislation? And regardless of what you think of the legislation, the impact on the health insurance exchanges helping attract members into the individual markets working to improve the Medicare advantage business improvement stuff that will need to be done in there. And just frankly, we ensure cost improvement work. I think it’s going to be significant, and those companies have already turned their sites to living in what, for them, I guess is their new normal.
Tim Fox – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. That’s all I had.
Robert Clark: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Reik Read with Robert Baird & Company.
Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Hi, good afternoon. Just a follow-up on the health side that the profitability there was below, I think that probably has to be Pam with the inefficiency of the delivery you were talking about. Is that something that you get fixed in short order or do some of these weaknesses caused that to persist?
Pamela Craig: Yes. The type of contract that is it’s a consulting contract. So it’s a matter of going in, re-estimating, which we’ve done, and then you take the full brunt of it in the quarter.
Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Okay. So that should rebound in the next couple of quarters?
Bill Green: Yes, that should rebound from that. And then what we are just – we are just trying to be cautious on is, given the state of public finances, there is – not the sales cycles, it’s the contracting process of getting people to say yes and no that they have the funding with some of the big things that are out there. It has been a little challenge in the last three to four months for obvious reasons. We read it in the paper every day I guess.
Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just one other question on the tech consulting side, you guys have talked about these record bookings and you talked about virtualization, consolidation and things like that driving that. Is that – is the growth that you are seeing there a function of those specific areas growing further or are you starting to add more with what you were talking about before, Bill, the architecture strategic stuff like cloud?
Bill Green: In that area, in technology consulting, it’s more companies initiating projects to evaluate their technology infrastructure and do consolidation and experiment with virtualization in some area of it. Right? So that’s just sort of core consulting things people trying to get a more efficient, better value for money, IT environment. Those early stage things, which is more rationalization, will lead to hopefully series of cloud services that lasts three to five years, as you move someone to application to a private club for the most part is a lot of what we are looking at. In creating – the companies creating their own private cloud is just a big deal.
Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: But I guess that what you are saying is that more companies are still focused on that area to drive costs out and a little bit is more on the strategic side.
Bill Green: Yes, I know. I think it’s like people getting their minds around us. Right? And so they are getting started, and they are starting by evaluating what they have, and they are looking at the near-term improvements. Right? The short-term quick-hit things, virtualization is something that many companies could be taken more advantage of them than they are. And so we are helping a lot of them with that. From that work we’ll lead people to a strategy that says, “What is my go-forward platform environment look like?” and that comes with having to call all the applications move here, which is a bigger bite and obviously something that you got to go to the big table to get the money.
Reik Read – Robert Baird & Company: Great. Thank you, guys. Have a great day.
Bill Green: Okay, thanks. Let me just say a couple of things in closing, if I might. I am incredibly pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Just as important, I’m excited about the science, a positive momentum we are seeing in the market, and in our business. I do want to thank that more than 181,000 men and women of Accenture whose hard work and dedication is what enables us to deliver value, both to our clients and our shareholders alike, I appreciate all of you joining the call. We appreciate your continued support and very much look forward to talking with many of you in person that our investor and analyst conference. And of course, we will speak again in June with our Q3 earnings call. All the best. Thank you.
Pamela Craig: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7:00 PM today through midnight Thursday, June 24th. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Center at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 148470. International callers dial 320-365-3844 using the same access code 148470. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-12-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Green - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Pamela Craig - Chief Financial Officer Richard Clark - Managing Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Jason Kupferberg - UBS Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Ed Caso - Wells Fargo Securities Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture’s first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) With that, I’d now like introduce your opening speaker for today Managing Director of Investor Relations, Richard Clark; please go ahead.
Richard Clark: Thank you Doug and thanks to everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I’m Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights and what we are seeing in the market and how we are positioning our business. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2010 and that we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and disclosed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to, Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you Richard and thanks everybody for joining us today. We continue to drive our business with discipline this quarter, but also with an either the future. This enabled us to deliver strong profitability and solid cash flow for the quarter, well at the same time positioning us to ride the wave of economic recovery. More than ever we remain keenly focused on our clients and their needs and on generating real value for them and for our shareholders. Here are a few highlights for the quarter. Revenues were $5.4 billion within our expected range of $5.3 to $5.5 billion. We achieved very solid operating margin of 13.9%. Earnings per share were $0.67; new bookings were $5.5 billion with particularly strong consulting bookings of $3.5 billion. We generated free cash flow of $184 million and we continued have an exceptionally strong balance sheet with a cash balance of $4 billion after returning more than $1 billion to shareholders during in the quarter. While the economic environment remains challenging we are beginning to see signs of improvement in certain industries in markets. Overall we feel good about our position in the market and are seeing positive momentum. We are staying very close to our clients enhancing our relationships and helping them with their most important initiatives. Our focus remains on delivering value, expanding the breath and depth of our services with current clients, attracting new clients to Accenture and leveraging our strong marketplace position. With that, let me turn call over to Pam, who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. Happy holidays to you all and thanks for listening today. Before we get into the numbers, let me provide some further context about how we see our business right now. While we continue to work through the economic challenges that began to affect our business in January 2009 and that are clearly evident in the revenue comparisons year-over-year for this quarter. Our pipeline of qualified opportunities has continued to expand and it’s now at a higher level than it was before the downturn. This is most evident in our consulting bookings, the highest in the year and up over 20% since Q4. So while we are continuing to manage our business through a challenging environment, we are now taking clear steps, such as in recruiting and business development to position our business for growth. Although this quarter was tough on a comparative basis, our revenues were within our expected range, we delivered strong operating margin and we continued our track record of cash flow generation. So let’s get into the numbers. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are U.S. GAAP, expect the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. New bookings for the quarter were $5.53 billion and reflected a positive 3% foreign exchange impact, compared with new bookings in the first quarter of last year. Consulting bookings were $3.51 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $2.02 billion. On bookings in consulting, we’ve recorded a highest level of bookings in the last four quarters. In management consulting, our bookings reflected heightened, client interest in projects, focused on risk management, strategic sourcing, and global expansion activities, and cost takeout remains a priority. In technology consulting, bookings grew significantly, as client have sought our services to consolidate data centers, virtualizes their infrastructures, and address cyber security. System integration bookings were strong, across our spectrum of services including ERP add-ons and extensions, as well as small and medium sized custom built. Outsourcing bookings were lower than expected in the quarter, as clients are still cautious about signing large multiyear contracts. While the number of sings was up, they continue to trend smaller in size, be tighter in scope and have the higher proportion of services to be performed by our global delivery network. That said, our qualified pipeline and outsourcing is the highest, it’s been in six quarters and we do see scope expansions on existing contracts starting to loosen up. Now, turning to revenue, net revenues for the first quarter were $5.38 billion, a decrease of 11% in US dollars and 12% in local currency from the same period last year. These revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of positive 1% compared with Q1 last year. Consulting revenues were $3.12 billion, a decrease of 15% in US dollars and 16% in local currency. Outsourcing revenue were $2.26 billion, a decrease of 4% in US dollars and 5% in local currency. The year-over-year consulting revenue declined with influence most by two of our operating groups, Communications & High Tech and products. Their consulting revenues declined significantly in local currency due to clients continued caution about initiating new work and expanding the scope of existing projects. Products results also included a significant reduction in revenues at two large clients as a result of completing several large projects and transitioning from front end consulting to outsourcing services. I was pleased to see the beginning of the turnaround in financial services, where we saw a significant up tick in demand for consulting services. That group’s pipeline and bookings were at the highest levels in five quarters and the revenue run rates were up sequentially on a per workday basis. As we assess where we are, with our consulting business overall, the up shot is we believe that we’ve hit the bottom on a sequential revenue per net workday basis and that we will now begin to turn positive. Turning to outsourcing revenues, the 5% local currency decline reflected last years higher than normal level of contract terminations and restructurings. These events impacted our results after the first quarter last year, primarily in financial services and to a lesser extent in Communications & High Tech and resources. Outsourcing revenues in comparison to last year continue to be effected, what we began to see in the third quarter last year. We responded to our clients needs to reduce their overall cost through the shift to lower cost resources and reduced price levels, fewer scope expansions on existing contracts and contracts operating at lower volume levels. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 33.1% up from 31.4, 170 basis points increase over Q1 last year. The change primarily reflects the recent implementation of our news sales effectiveness model. This led to the re-class of some non-contract activities previously in cost of services to sales and marketing. Additionally this quarter’s gross margin reflected further improves contract profitability and outsourcing. Sales and marketing costs were $622 million or 11.6% of net revenues compare with $563 million or 9.4% of net revenues for the first quarter of last year. This increase in sales cost is due to the implementation of our sales effectiveness model I just mentioned, including our efforts to build our pipeline. General and administrative costs were $412 million or 7.7% of net revenues compared with $507 million or 8.4% of net revenues for the first quarter last year. Last years G&A expenses did include a $72 million provision for bad debt, a 120 basis point impact. Excluding the impact of the bad debt provision, G&A cost in relation of revenues rose 50 basis points. Although we continue to monitor and managed G&A cost to lower level in local currency than last year, they decreased at a rate less than revenue. Nonetheless G&A cost under 8% of revenues or a very strong result. Operating income for the quarter decreased 8% to $746 million resulting in a 13.9% operating margin. That is a 40 basis point improvement over Q1 last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.5% compared with 26.6% in the first quarter last year. Last years first quarter tax rate reflected the impact of favorable final determinations. Net income before non-controlling interest, formally known as income before minority interest for the quarter was $525 million compared with $593 million for the first quarter last year, a decrease of 12%. On September 1, 2009 we adopted guidance issued by the SAFB on non-controlling interest. Diluted earnings per share with $0.67 compared with $0.74 in the first quarter last year. This difference reflects at $0.07 decrease from lower revenue an operating income in local currency, a $0.04 decreased from a higher effective income tax rate. Offset by $0.02 increase from a lower share count, a $0.01 increase from higher non-operating income and $0.01 increase from favorable foreign exchange rate. Now let’s turn to some key parts of cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $184 million resulting from cash, generated by operating activities of $219 million, net of property and equipment additions of $35 million. For the same period last year free cash flow was $396 million, the reduction in free cash flow was driven primarily by an increase in DSOs since August 31. Turning to DSOs our day services outstanding were 32 days up four days from last quarter historically lower level of 28 days. We continue to focus on strong working capital management. Our total cash balances in November 30, was $4 billion versus $4.5 billion at the end of August. Turning to some key operational metrics, we ended the quarter with global headcount or 176,000 people and we know have 83,000 people in our global delivery network. In Q1, our utilization was 88% up 200 basis points from Q4. Attrition which excludes involuntary terminations was 12% up from Q4 and down from 13% in Q1 last year. Lastly we’ve currently plan to higher approximately 45,000 people around the world this year. Before I turn things back to Bill, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the first quarter we repurchased or redeemed approximately 12 million shares for $451,000 at an average price of $38.17 per share, including 250,000 shares repurchased in the open market. At November 30, we had $4.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also in November, we paid our fifth annual cash dividend to holders of Accenture plc Class A ordinary and Accenture SCA Class 1 common shares. The dividend payment of $0.75 per share was $0.25 or 50% more than the dividend we paid last year for a total of $551 million. We are on track to begin our first semi annual dividend in the third quarter. In summary, our Q1 results reflect our people relentless focus on our clients and their business. We have adapted to what has now become normal, but first became evident in the beginning of this calendar. We are focused both on executing well in this environment on the business we have, as well as on driving the new opportunities that are on the horizon. Now, Bill will give you an update on what we see on the horizon and then I will finish up with our business outlook.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Let me just say a few things about what we’re seeing out there in the market and also provide a little more detail on what we’re doing to position ourselves for the upturn in future growth. Well there’s still plenty of uncertainty, there are some positive signs. Things seem to be stabilizing with early signs of recovery in certain industries in markets, and frankly, this improvement differs on the company by company basis. Our clients have become a custom to today’s world with its new set of challenges in opportunities, their actions to improve from the past year have taken hold and are beginning to yield improved operating results. Our businesses are looking towards the future again. We are seeing some early signs in technology spending are beginning to come back and although the picture will become more clear as we get further into the new calendar year. Against that backdrop, here’s what we are doing. Our strategy initiative and our human capital strategy projects, which we completed this past summer, are yielding nicely. From those, we are onboarding new talent and the best people are choosing Accenture. We are driving new technology and industry offerings in the market and getting very strong take up. We are executing our geographic expansion strategy in key emerging markets across the world and preparing to enter additional promising markets. We have enhanced our alliances with the winners in the technology space and we are attracting important new clients to Accenture that are the leaders in their industries around the world. In addition, our pipeline of opportunities is growing, we are focused on accelerating the sales cycles of these opportunities and converting them, and we are exploding our unique and differentiated consulting strength and our track record of superior execution both win in the short term and position Accenture with clients for longer term value based relationships. Let me remind of a few things that we discussed covered on the last earnings call. In our core business, we launched new programs for leveraging our industry depths and differentiation. These include hot areas such as marketing transformation, risk management sustainability and infrastructure development. Our industrialization agenda is producing meaningful improvements on the quality and cost to serve front. Our client coverage model has been expanded and strengthened for more time over target and higher yield from our business development activities; and our business process outsourcing is enhanced in more profitable operating level delivering as predicted. In an emerging growth areas, let me just highlight three. In Digital Marketing, our new Accenture interactive business and the Accenture intelligent digital platform have great traction across a range of industries. On smart grid, we continued to be the leader in the innovative smart grid technology around the globe this has global momentum and has opened a new world of leveraging advanced technologies in other key industries that we serve. Lastly, in Analytics, we have important new alliances that are underway and with our proprietary analytics assets in numerous analytics patents. They are serving as a great launch path for this business and that is becoming a corner store of delivering high performance. As I mentioned last quarter, we plan to provide more details on these initiatives at our investor and analyst conference in this spring. With that, let me turn it back to Pam for the business outlook.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. As a reminder each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarter’s revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. As I mentioned in our Q4 call the first half of fiscal 2010 will be challenging year-on-year, given that 6% local currency revenue growth in the first half of fiscal ‘09. While we do see continuing positive signs we remain cautious about timing particularly as we move from calendar 2009 to calendar 2010. For the second quarter we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.1 to $5.3 billion, which assumes of foreign exchange up lift of approximately 7% for the quarter. This range reflects the rates over the past two weeks. Now turning to the full fiscal year we are assuming a foreign exchange impact of positive 5% for the full fiscal year. Based on our qualified pipeline we see strong demand for our services particularly and consulting and we see good future business taking shape. We continue to expect our fiscal year 2010 revenue outlook to be at 3% decline to a 1% increase in local currency. Although the first quarters results and the second quarters outlook would tilt us to the lower end of the range. Our ability to land higher in the range will depend on the phase and timing of recovery in calendar 2010. We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in the range of $23 to $26 billion. We continue to expect operating margin to be 13.4%, you should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we have seen in the past. We continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 30% to 32%. We are slightly updating our outlook for earnings per share for the full fiscal year to a range of $2.67 to $2.75 and an increase of $0.03 which reflects the 1% change in our foreign exchange assumption. Finally we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.39 to $2.59 billion, property and equipment additions to be $290 million and free cash flow to be in a range of $2.1 to $2.3 billion. Regarding free cash flow for Q2 we do expect to slight up tick in DSOs and to substantially complete our restructuring severance payments. There is still quite a bit of uncertainty in the environment given that indicators are mixed in most of the economy around the world. Although the demand environment as started to improve predictability and timing are still a challenge, we are doing what we said, we would do, focusing on profitable revenue growth first and foremost, maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to return a substantial portion of the cash we generate to shareholders. Richard, let’s take some questions.
Richard Clark: Thanks Pam. Operator, would you provide instructions for those on the call?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: I just wanted to first start with the guidance. The data points on the pipeline sound really you see encouraging and consistent with what we are seeing elsewhere in the industry, but I guess if you are tilting the guidance to the lower end of the prior range, I’m trying to reconcile that with the really positive commentary about the pipeline. Is that just a timing issue where the pipeline is taking off, but you still need time to book it and translate it into revenues and you may not capture all of that before you may not capture all of that until well into your fiscal ‘10? Is that why the issue on why pipeline looks so good, but the revenue guidance outlook has a little less conviction attached to it maybe?
Pamela Craig: Yes. I think that is a fair characterization. If you look at how the first quarter came out, the second quarter outlook it’s really based on that. If you just continued that, it would tilt it probably towards the low end of the guidance. However, based on how things come through after we turn the corner on the calendar here into calendar 2010. I think that’s the part that we’re just still not sure exactly how that timing will come out and so based on that it could lead to the higher end of the guidance and that’s just where we are right now and how we see it.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: So just to clarify, I mean it sort of implies that your November quarter revenues were maybe softer than what you hope for, but at the same time, the pipeline increase was maybe better than what it could have happened. It seems like you were very pleasantly happy with the pipeline. Is that an accurate characterization, where the near term revenues were soft, but the pipeline up tick was even better than what it was hoped for?
Pamela Craig: I think soft is too strong a work. I mean I think we came in within the guidance. It was slightly on the lower end of it, but nonetheless that’s what we expected for the quarter and I think the pipeline is strong at this point.  
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Specifically on the pipeline, are you seeing more of the larger transformational type deals or is the consulting market rebound still sort of reliant on a lot of the shorter cycles, smaller deal sizes?
Bill Green:   Rod, I guess I’d say that I’m not sure. I’d call them small or shorter, but the big transformational deals have not become in vogue again yet. People are still putting their foot in the water, up to their ankles, up to their knees. They’re doing supply chain strategies, they are doing rationalizations, they’re doing all kinds of things, but that big billion dollar transformational thing that you see in the pipeline, I mean those are a lot harder to come by and so we do see a higher volume of smaller things. That said, they’re important things, right. These are must dos for these companies and thanks to the consulting savvy that we have at the top of the business. I think it puts us in a very good position to not only get those things done, but also benefit from the downstream work that historically comes our way from those.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: One final question, you mentioned the uncertainty attached to moving from calendar ‘09 to calendar 2010. Is that uncertainty at all related to issues that you are seeing in your large clients budgeting process or is the budgeting process looking more normal this year and you’re just being prudently cautious until you actually see it fully come into fruition?  
Bill Green: I’d say when we cross into 2010, if it comes back half as well, as it dropped and then the 2009, we’re going to be in hog heaven, because there’s a lot going on out there. If you think back to when we crossed into 2009, it was profound across all industries. So I would tell you that my sense and I’ve been out on the trail a lot is people are feeling better, broadly better about the economy, broadly better about their business, their planning to invest in 2010. They’re not going to do it on the first or second of January. They’re going to see a few weeks how things unfold, but then they’re prepared to make investments in improving their business performance and all that is wind that is at our back as opposed to our nose.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Looking at your outsourcing bookings, they were down sequentially. Did you have any major deferrals during the quarter? Then are we talking about weakness in any specific areas on the outsourcing side?
Bill Green: I mean, we had some things slip as we always do. I think I expected us to do a little better in the outsourcing bookings. We did have a few big things slip at the last minute, which happens, I guess happens every quarter truth be told, but I was a little disappointed in it. The things didn’t go away, which I guess is what’s important to me and both in the BPO side and the AO side. We’re starting to get better pipelines in that space than we’ve had in sometime. So I feel good about the business over the medium term. I would have liked to have seen better bookings for the quarter.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Then there’s been a lot of talk obviously in the last quarter about pipeline conversion rates. Have we seen any improvements on that side either on outsourcing or on the consulting side during the past few months of the quarter?
Bill Green: I guess I’d say win rates are pretty consistent, and nobody is in a hurry, would be I guess the way I put it. In the remainder of the calendar year, which is just a month that we have left or the days that we have left, there are certainly people that are targeting getting things done this calendar year in their companies. People have been particularly thoughtful in my opinion, and more interested in getting it right than getting it started would be the way I would put it and I think that had some drag on the business, but frankly I think it’s good, because we have a chance to make sure we are getting it right as opposed to just getting it started.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.:   Last question on the U.K., I think it’s about 10% or so of revenues. Can you give us an update on what you’re seeing in that market? Thanks.  
Bill Green: I mean in the U.K., it’s been on our list for a long time. U.K. market is frankly if you stand back and look at it, probably the worst hit by the downturn. We have stabilized nicely in the U.K. We’re starting to get some momentum back in that business. The leading companies, they’re starting to invest. There’s no question. Those leading companies are global in nature for the most part. So that market we see as much more stable. We have done a good job of getting our supply and demand aligned in the U.K., and we have several of our top leadership people specifically with feet on the street over there in terms of bringing in new business and that has helped us a great deal. So we feel we’re getting on a good trajectory with that.   I would also add that, we did make a change in leadership in the United States, broadly North America and it wasn’t as much a leadership change, but an operating model change and we’re starting to get good yield from that as well in terms of looking at the pipeline and the amount of feet on the street we have in the United States.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I wanted to clarify something you said around consulting revenue per workday bottom. Did I hear that correctly? Can we interpret that to mean adjusting for seasonality, which you’d start to see some sequential revenue growth in consulting? Starting at the end of the third quarter?
Pamela Craig: Yes. In consulting, the way we look at sequential and I know this is a little bit confusing, but it’s not like a month-to-month thing. It really is on per workday, what is the revenue per workday. So as we go forward, we’re here in consulting, we are expecting it sequentially on this per workday basis to turn positive in the second quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan:   Obviously, fewer workdays overall in the second quarter?
Pamela Craig: That’s right. The second quarter because of the holidays and them being holidays all around the world has five or six less workdays usually each year.  
Bill Green:   We don’t like the holidays.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: That’s right. We want to get utilization, which is actually my next question. My next question was on utilization rate. Running pretty hot I guess at 88%, which I assumed helped the gross margin up beat our forecast quite handily. My question is, both of these metrics are they sustainable from here or should we expect both metrics to trend lower as we progress through the year utilization and gross margin?  
Bill Green: Let me do utilization and I’ll let Pam as the steward of margins. The utilization has been hot and continues to be hot. 88% is too hot, particularly in a market that is starting to expand. So we mentioned we’re going to be bringing in a lot of people this year and that involves two things, it involves building bench and involves particularly investment and consulting talent. So you can expect, we’d just like to run the company with an eight in front of it and have some flexibility in there to make sure we have the get people where we need. One of the things I mentioned last time is not leaving profitable revenue growth on the table, and at 88% frankly you could be doing that. So I think we’re doing a good job now of making sure we continue to run with lots of economic discipline, but at the same time make sure that we have the horses we need to take advantage of the business that is out there.  
Pamela Craig: On the gross margin, I mentioned that there’s some shift into sales and marketing and really that was just about implementing our new sales effectiveness model, making that clear in terms of how people spent their time. So I think there’s a piece of that that is a permanent shift into sales and marketing from gross margin. The time in gross margin were non-contract activities where sometime had been spent.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan:   That’s the new sort of starting point to work from the 33%?
Pamela Craig: Yes. It reflected again good outsourcing profitability and clearly, a couple hundred basis points really in terms of the shift.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan:   Last one really quick. Just the headcount, the 45,000 that you’re looking to add, which I believe is net, what’s the mix there between GDN and non-GDN count?  
Pamela Craig: It’s gross headcount, I don’t know what you mean by net, but that is the number of people that we expect to hire and a substantial portion is in the GDN.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: A quick commentary on the operating groups, would you mind giving more color on the specific groups? You touched on financial services showing some specific strength in the pipeline and clearly the margins were up quite a bit as well. Any sense on how, the types of projects in that vertical specifically and then maybe comment briefly on the others as well?  
Pamela Craig: First in financial services as you mentioned, we are seeing some signs of turnaround there with consulting improving first. So I think that’s helping the profitability with some higher margin consulting work. Clients are definitely more engaged. Insurance remains the mort resilient across the financial services industry group, but really broadly in FX we see consulting opportunities in post merger integration, cost reduction, finance and performance management, risk and regulatory management, that type of work. That’s definitely kicking in financial services. You want me to go through the others or you…?
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital:   Is there anything that really stood out on the other operating groups? That would be helpful.
Bill Green: Let me just hit a couple of highlights I guess. I think the resources group, that used to be very ERP and energy related, now it’s sort of across all the businesses within resources and tons going on in the smart grid and really, related technologies, related to energy efficiency and reliability, and sustainability and that is just a global phenomenon. I think today in the press there was an article that we had ten smart grid projects in China alone. That is the nature of that thing. So that’s kind of a new frontier for resources and we still have the big base of ERP work, but a lot of these front end things that we’re doing around the grids and electricity broadly is going to pickup nicely. Then of course, in the U.S., I mean as we all sit and look for whatever is going to happen in Washington having to do with legislation regulation, what have you on health. Our business in health continues to be very good as it relates to both the payer and providers sections and then our traditional business that was in pharma, so that we’ve good momentum on it as well. CHT is a challenge. It’s going great in Asia, but in Europe and in North America, the telecom sector is particularly challenged. Some of that is just structural things that are going on in the industry, some of that is just individual company and competitive things, but we’re trying to put more power behind that one and get some things turned around there, but basically there’s aren’t any of our operating groups that are outpacing the other ones. They’re all fighting the good fight every day in the market.  
Pamela Craig: Just in products, farm and automotive they have restructuring going on, so that is creating opportunity for us. Retail has clearly been hit hardest, but the clients are cautious there. The consumer goods companies, they’ve been cautious, but they’re picking up a lot of activity and cost reduction globalization, BPO, that sort of thing. As usual, it’s a good mix around the world and around the industries.
Bill Green: I would just mention one other thing and that is when we look at a lot of what’s happening and what’s coming back, it’s less about an industry and more about a technology or an offering. For instance our technology consulting business is just roaring back with data center consolidations, virtualization, security, IT governance in general, like just a ton going on there. So that’s affecting all the industries. In some way we’re seeing the recovery more in the horizontal view across our business than the vertical view that we traditionally look at the world in.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Then real quickly, Pam you’d mentioned the guidance for EPS as up a few cents, I think it was partly related to the assumption changes. Yet the operating margin guidance was 13.4% for the full year even with your 13.9% in this quarter. Can you just help me understand exactly how you just reconcile that for us?
Pamela Craig: First of all on the earnings per share, the change is entirely is due to the foreign exchange assumption. We’re not really changing anything as it relates to the guidance and similarly, on the operating margin, it’s always lumpy how operating margin occurs through the year. First quarter is typically a stronger quarter and that was the case here. So we’re going to continue to manage to operating margin and we’re going to continue to make the investments in our business and we still see a 13.4% as the right place to land this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg - UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: So I had a question in terms, rather than talking about the conversion of pipeline to bookings. Just wanted to touch on the conversion of bookings to revenue and I guess, I’m looking specifically in consulting, because you did have a pretty solid quarter here of consulting bookings in Q1 I think better than most folks were expecting, yet the revenue outlook for Q2 is a little bit on the light side again, relative to expectations. I know typically consulting bookings invert with revenues relatively quickly. So, is there anything going on there just in terms of client hesitancy of actually ramping up some of these new consulting bookings? If there is, would you expect some of that to ease as we move into the new calendar year and new budgets get established?
Pamela Craig: No, not on the bookings, Jason I think it’s more just, I mean how we see Q2. I mean Q2 is usually our light quarter, lighter of the four and just in terms of how the stuff manifests itself among the four quarters we just may have had slightly different assumptions than were out there.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Now, in terms of reinvestments back into the business, which I think you just mentioned as one of the factors why margins are going to be lower during the balance of the year than they were in Q1 based on your full year guidance. Can you drill in a little bit there, I know you mentioned $45,000 hires and most of those in the GDN, but I’m assuming business development is part of this as well. Can you drill down into specific skill sets that you’re focused on heading or which of the industry groups might be seeing the biggest increases in terms of business development funding and any other color there would be terrific?
Pamela Craig: It’s across the board and you mentioned it when you sort of get to that point of building the business, you’re going to see that the recruiting, the hiring, business development and really it’s across the board around the world in terms of where we’re building the business. Also in our offerings and just how we build out the horizontal things that Bill mentioned. I mean, we’re putting effort into that and we are investing in those things very intentionally.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Just one last kind of longer term question, when we think about the global delivery network, I guess it’s as of this past quarter roughly what 47ish percent of total Accenture headcount and obviously the bulk of the new hires in fiscal ‘10 will be in the global delivery network as well. I mean, over time do you guys think about some kind of structural level at which the GDN could potentially max out as a percent of your total headcounts just based on where you see customer demand trending over the next several years? Is there any framework for us to think about along those lines?
Bill Green: I think the GDN has gotten dramatically more capable. It’s moved from a horizontal thing to a vertical thing as it specializes and focuses on the industries that we serve. We put the centers of excellence across the GDN broadly, and so the level of work that gets down in there just keeps going higher and higher up in the food chain. That works very well for us in terms of economics and in terms of integration of sort of the envisioning and architecting work, connected down to getting the work done thing. The other thing that will happen is, right now we have incredible demand for talent in our consulting business. So this stuff sort of ebbs and flows, we’re bringing them on by the thousands in the global delivery network, but we’re looking for direct entry, senior level people and major developed markets around the world for our consulting business and each of those people will drive a pyramid full of talent. So I think you’ll see over the quarters, you’ll see some acceleration in the headcount in the developed markets and consulting as well.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: One follow-up on that, because it’s an interesting point, sounds like what you’re saying is more and more of your addressable market broadly speaking is becoming offshorable if you will, because the global delivery network is becoming more capable. Does that inherently create any more of a cannibalization effect to your top line over the longer term, because obviously the bill rates are going to be lower there even though relative to an on site person performing the same type of work.
Bill Green: If you think about the stuff that we’re investing in and the things that we’re doing, the nature of the smart grid things that we’re doing isn’t GDN stuff. The nature of the digital marketing stuff, the analytic stuff, I mean all of this is core innovative stuff that’s done with the client’s face on the other end of it. So, it’s not as if the work just drifts into the offshore space. We’ve replenish with the innovation in the front-end things and that becomes a bigger and bigger piece of our mix. If you looked over 10 years, we’ve seen this ebbing and flowing two or three times over the last 10 years, and I think we’re at the beginning of another period of time where a lot more content rich, high end, heavy knowledge capital work gets done in the consulting space in the big markets of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Bill, can I just start with you real quickly on comparing the recovery that you guys are looking at 2010 versus sort of the timeframe 2003, 2004 as we were coming out of it? It sounds like at least one thing that I want to serve dig into that there is a bit more of a technology push and what seems to be happening out there. Would you sort of just characterize the differences in terms of recovery and is there really a technology angle to this that could actually help push things along further as go we kind of forward into ‘10?
Bill Green: The good news is the last downturn that we recovered from was minor by comparison and somewhat isolated. In other words there were a lot of pieces of the business, there were a lot of pieces of geography and a lot of pieces of industry they were isolated from that downturn. In this one, there are very few that are isolated. So that’s one thing just in terms of people’s mental state and activity, returning to the business world. So I guess that’s the first thing. Interesting also is people have stretched their labor capacity about as far as they can. I mean, the productivity improvements are profound that have been delivered in the last 12 months in the industry, but people are holding on by their fingernails to those improvements and in order to have those improvements be sustainable overtime or to have a platform to continue to improve performance, they have to leverage technology to get to the next level. I think that’s the thing. It’s not any of the gee whiz stuff, it’s not cloud sas and all that that’s all interesting stuff, but it’s how that intersects with the fact that what do people do now that they squeezed the lemon so tight, they’ve got as much performance as they can get out of the assets they have, what do you do for the next act, and I think that’s the thing that’s going to cause people to look for technology to find a way to get leverage.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: If you have some sort of point to any specific example, it sounded like you were using things like virtualization type technologies and data centers consultancies is that the crux of what you end up trying to accomplish, or is there some other sort of technology component to this?
Bill Green: I think there’s back of the house and front of the house stuff. There is back of the house stuff, which is all about that, the data center. The virtualization thing is like a no brainier, but there is how do you enable the workforce, and that has to do with, if you take smart metering and you have the smart grid phenomenon is the back of the house thing, but the smart metering and what you do with truck rolls and utilities is the front of the house thing. I think if you look across financial services, retail consumer products broadly, you see all these technologies that are sort of waiting on the edge. Looking at the eHealth agenda, that sort of front of the house stuff, people have done the back of the house. So I think that there is technology innovation on both sides of it and I think we tend to always think about the data center in the back of the house and I think tons of the opportunities of the future are enabling the people that face the customers. When we look across telecom, when we look at utilities, and we look at what we’re in retail and consumer products, it’s all sort of front of the house innovation that I think are going to drive a lot of investment.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just Pam really quickly on the sources of upside, you said that on some of the margins there can be lumpiness, etc., but if you have to kind of look that 13.9%, it looked like there was a 30 or 40 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis. What was the source of that? It looked like utilization could have been a big driver. Were there any other components that would have driven the kind of improvement on a year-over-year basis in your operating margin?
Pamela Craig: Obviously, utilization was part of it. We did have improved outsourcing profitability. Last year, did have the bad debt provision in there. So as usual, there are a lot of things that go into the mix of managing to operating margin and we were really pleased with this result.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Target for the full year, unchange at 13.4%, correct?
Pamela Craig: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Pam, I wonder if we can talk a little bit just to drill into the revenue growth guidance and some of the components, given this quarter’s report and the guide for next quarter. First thing, any changes to the consulting and outsourcing growth expectations in terms of constant currency growth for fiscal ‘10? I believe last quarter you said it was consulting would be low single digit negative, outsourcing was going to be flat to low positive.
Pamela Craig: It’s basically consistent with what I’ve said last time, Q2 expecting consulting to be high-single-to-low-double digits negative and outsourcing mid-single-digits negative and then in the second half of the year consulting low-single-to-double-digits positive, and outsourcing low-single-to-low-double digits positive.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: So this is going to be the bottoming quarter then for outsourcing coming up fiscal 2Q?
Pamela Craig: That’s how we see it at this time, George. Yes.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: If I’m working a little bit to try to model that relative to how currency seems to be shaping up and I know it’s awfully tough to model currency going forward, but with a 5% headwind now for the year, it seems like, first of all the guidance does imply a pretty significant snapback in the second half of the year. Even with that snapback and the 5% currency headwind, it seems like there could be further downside than the negative 3%. I’d like to just trying get a little bit more comfort as to how much visibility or how much confidence you have in that.
Pamela Craig: Well, first of all the 5% I think is a tailwind, at least that’s how I see it, because it makes the dollars higher.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: I’m sorry if I said headwind.
Pamela Craig: Just in terms of the local currency growth, negative 3% to positive 1% I mean, we’ve kept that range, we’ve pushed it hard. We’ve looked at it from every direction in terms of the guys that run our business, the guys that run the operating groups, consulting outsourcing around the world without it and I think that we’re very comfortable with that range in terms of how we see the business right now.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: If I could ask about a couple of the verticals, Asia Pac revenue growth was down 2% in constant currency, holding on better. What was going on there?
Bill Green: I think that Asia by and large has navigated through the downturn pretty well. There are certain segments that were impacted, but our SEAAC business has been particularly good. China wasn’t as hot as it had been, but we had a plan of 40%, so you come in half of that, it’s still a pretty good result. So on balance, a lot of the business held up nicely there, and the market held on. The other thing is that we’re doing a lot of new stuff there as opposed to traditional work.
Pamela Craig: We had very strong growth in Singapore and Malaysia, but we did have a decline in Japan.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Last thing just to clarify a prior answer, Pam, the 45,000 hire this year, is that I guess the question was gross or net. You are not expecting to add 45,000 people to your total headcount right, you are going to net out attrition out of that?
Pamela Craig: I get what you mean by net now. Yes. Exactly I mean attrition will be part of that, but the number of people we plan to hire is 45,000.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Caso - Wells Fargo Securities.
Ed Caso - Wells Fargo Securities: My question is on the use of free cash flow. If you can give us a sense between your bias or dividends and then repurchase and then within repurchase how much would come from sort of the inside and how much would come from out in the market?
Pamela Craig: Well, we haven’t really changed our bias here, last quarter, Ed we announced that we were going to be going to a semiannual dividend in the third quarter. We’re still on track to do that and of course we raised the dividend 50% this year. So we are continuing to do that and we do expect share repurchases this year to be at this point roughly the same as they were last year and the mix of those is very price sensitive because interestingly the founders will present them to us when the price is high and of course we probably are in the open market maybe we think the price is attractive. So it’s the way it works.
Ed Caso - Wells Fargo Securities: Can you give us a sense if the price is right, would you did into the $4 billion number or maybe the way to ask the question is what’s the level of cash that you desire to hold to run the business?
Pamela Craig: We have plenty of cash to run the business. It’s certainly below that level that we need for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I just want to ask I think the key to the story right now is this reversal between 2Q and 3Q and in the guidance, 2Q is going to be negative almost double digits down and then 3Q it starts to reverse and 4Q even stronger. Can you help us understand the model Pam why that happens?
Pamela Craig: Well, I think that it’s of course, dependent on what happened last year, right and you started of the first quarter 9%, second quarter 3% and then we went negative. So then as you are coming up here and we mentioned we are going positive sequentially on a per workday basis in consulting them when you start to do those compares, it starts to kick in. So, it’s that and then how we convert a pipeline that has grown significantly from a year ago.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: It works the same way in outsourcing because I know I think you said outsourcing for the second half high single to low double positive which is a big change from the down mid single that were expected in the second quarter.
Pamela Craig: Yes I mean with the outsourcing, last year we really wasn’t until more like third quarter that it hit us with some of the cancellations and restructurings that we had in the business last year and then just also in terms of how the complexion and some of those deals changed in terms of size and that sort things. So, we are expecting it to lag a bit the consulting and again it’s based on those things and also the compare to last year.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I think there were some cancellations that happened in financial services that started impacting the third quarter. So part of it is probably anniversarying that.
Pamela Craig: Right.
Bryan Keane: How does pricing look in consulting and outsourcing and what is embedded in the guidance?
Pameka Craig: First of all in management consulting and the high value consulting business, pricing is good. Certainly stable and when you look at the technology businesses broadly, certainly over the past year we have had pressure to reduce costs. We’ve been able to respond very well by shifting work to the global delivery network and then being able to maintain the margins on that, but that has put pressure on prices overall. I think again that’s stable and we are working through that and getting closer to the end of that cycle.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Then do you start to see price increases as we move into fiscal ‘11 or how do we think about that?
Bill Green: It’s hard to tell right now. I mean I think, we were delighted with price stability. Some of the consulting stuff the high value stuff is pricing in a lot more favorable way. I think 2011 is a different world than the one we’ve been in right now, the thing that hasn’t gone away in all this is the drive for competitiveness on a global basis and I think as people get back into the game, they are going to start doing what they always do right flying to raise their game and they are going to try to do it without adding headcount, and the implications of that I think are exceptionally good for the back half of 2010 and 2011 for our company.
Operator: Your final question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: I know you don’t comment specifically on variable compensation, but with consulting utilization running 88% is pretty high. You work smart people very hard presumably you pay them very well. Are you looking at variable comp coming back somewhat if you could have some qualitative comments?
Bill Green: I’ll tell you my view. We plan to earn variable comp. The thing we used to call variable comp whatever that thing is annual bonus this in our current terms, we build it in our plan. We drive the business to that plan. Our operating unit people are working to make their plan and if they make their plans we earn annual bonus and we get to pay it to our people. It’s sitting here right now. That’s high on my agenda and particularly being in a market where it’s going to come back and when the people are going to have opportunities. The thing I’m most focused on is making sure we attract and retain the best talent out there and our ability to deliver what is a very modest level of bonus is important to our proposition to people.
Pamela Craig: Ashwin, that all gets finalized at the end of the fiscal year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: The re-branding post title awards is that likely to be a material let’s call it $1500 million investment?
Bill Green: No I’m glad we went this deep in the questions before we got a Tiger Woods somebody had to ask. No, frankly we are very relaxed about this, sad and unfortunate and we made a decision on behalf of our company. We have incredible material that you’ll start to see. We’ll start rethinking our strategy and how to raise our game and our message as we get into next year, but we don’t see an economic impact of it at all and frankly we are incredibly excited about the opportunity to re-brand and raise our profile in the market.
Bill Green: Let me just say a couple of quick things in closing and then we’ll wrap up and our continued focus on operating discipline and delivery excellence is what enabled us to turn in a strong quarter in this environment. We are starting to see signs of recovery and we feel good about it the environment also remains somewhat uncertain and challenging. I think everyday that goes by we get more confident and broadly clients and business at large get more confident. I do want to thank the 176,000 men and women at Accenture around the world for staying focused on what we do best. That is delivering for our client’s day in and day out and that of course enables us to deliver for our shareholders. Thanks very much for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to talking to you again at our Q2 fiscal 2010 earnings call next year and finally I just want to wish everyone a happy and healthy and relaxing holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen today’s conference call is being made available for replay starting today at 7:00 pm in the Eastern Time Zone and running through Thursday, March 25, 2010. You can access our service by dialing 800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 and at the voice prompt enter today’s access code of 120395. That does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-06-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark - Managing Director, IR Bill Green - Chairman and CEO Pam Craig - CFO Steve Rohleder - COO
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg - UBS George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Ed Caso - Wachovia Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros.  Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Elizabeth Buckley – Arete Research 
Operator: Welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark; please go ahead.
Richard Clark:  Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I am Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.  We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on how we are positioning our business for the future. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2009 and Bill, Pam and Steve will take your questions.  As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and disclosed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10K and other SEC filings.  During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.  Now, let me turn the call over to, Bill. 
Bill Green: Thank you Richard and thanks everybody for joining us today. I am pleased with our performance in the third quarter given the environment we are now operating in. While our revenues declined they were within our expected range and the disciplined management of our business enabled us to expand operating margin and deliver solid profitability and strong cash flow. In addition, we continue to see demand for our services demonstrated by strong new bookings in both consulting and outsourcing. Here are a few highlights from the quarter. Revenues were $5.15 billion, within our guided range of $5.1-5.3 billion. We expanded operating margin to 14.2% even with lower revenue production which is a real accomplishment in this environment. We delivered earnings per share of $0.68. We delivered new bookings of $6.6 billion with consulting and outsourcing bookings each exceeding $3 billion. Finally, we generated free cash flow of $971 million, raised our free cash flow outlook for the full fiscal year and continued to have a very strong balance sheet with no debt.  While the environment remains very challenging, we believe the actions we have been taking to respond as well as position ourselves for recovery will continue to serve us very well. With that let me now turn the call over to Pam who will provide some more detail on the numbers. 
Pamela Craig : Thank you Bill and thanks to all of you for listening today. Given the significant and continuing challenges in the macro economic environment globally we had overall very good results in the third quarter of fiscal 2009. As I mentioned last quarter we remained focused on managing the business we have and driving growth where we can and are committed to delivering strong margins, cash flow and earnings with that business.  Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow and some key operational metrics. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP except the items such as new bookings that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations.  New bookings for the quarter were $6.6 billion. This included consulting bookings of $3.2 billion and outsourcing bookings of $3.4 billion. They reflect a negative 13% foreign exchange impact when compared with new bookings in the third quarter last year. These bookings in Q3 show that there is continued overall demand for consulting and outsourcing services. In management consulting the demand we experienced was driven by our clients’ focus on cost reduction and operational improvement projects notably in supply chain optimization.  In systems integration we continue to see a push toward our global delivery network as clients continue to make selective investments in ERP and CRM applications. In outsourcing as well clients’ needs to reduce costs and improve IT operations drove good bookings in applications outsourcing and infrastructure outsourcing. These bookings do reflect a moderately higher proportion of contract extensions for revenue beyond fiscal year 2010.  As we look ahead at the outsourcing revenue we have under contract both financial services and to a lesser extent resources have experienced a year-over-year decline as a result of lower new bookings and higher new contract restructurings and cancellations. Even with these reductions, Accenture’s future revenues under contract in outsourcing are up about 9% year-over-year in local currency.  Now turning to revenue. Net revenues for the third quarter were $5.15 billion, a decrease of 16% in U.S. dollars and a decrease of 4% in local currency from the same period last year. Q3 revenues were within our guided range of $5.1-5.3 billion and reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 12% compared with the third quarter last year which was consistent with our foreign exchange assumptions provided in March.  Consulting revenues were $3 billion, a decrease of 20% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.2 billion, a decrease of 9% in U.S. dollars and an increase of 3% in local currency.  Our consulting revenues of $3 billion reflect the fact that many clients are focused on initiatives designed to meet near and immediate term cost savings and performance improvements and we are focused on helping them drive programs to support these objectives. Our consulting revenue also reflects the lower local currency contraction year-over-year except in public service where we continue to see double digit growth.  Building on what we said last quarter the contraction is due primarily to three factors. First, some clients are exercising caution in launching new, large consulting commitments and instead shifting to a more phased and flexible approach to contracting work.  Second, some clients are slowing the pace of ongoing projects and deferring decisions to expand scope beyond current commitments. Finally, we see some impact from pricing pressure.  Turning to outsourcing revenues we saw single digit growth in all operating groups. Financial services where contract cancellations due to client consolidations and strategy changes has had a significant impact on revenue growth. Outsourcing growth has slowed moderately overall due to the continuing shift to lower cost resources at a reduced price level, lower volume of scope expansions on existing contracts.  So overall we did see some positive activity toward the end of the third quarter but we remain cautious and have not lost sight of the potential challenges that may lie ahead.  Moving down the income statement gross margin was 32.5% compared with 31.5% for the same period last year reflecting a 100 basis point improvement. While consulting contract margins were relatively flat, outsourcing contract margins continued to expand as a result of our focused commitment to industrialize our delivery.  SG&A costs for the third quarter were $935 million or 18.2% of revenues compared with $1.1 billion or 17.3% of revenue for the third quarter last year, an increase of 90 basis points. Sales and marketing costs increased 30 basis points compared to Q3 last year due to an increase in selling costs as a percentage of revenue.  General and administrative costs in relation to revenues rose 60 basis points. Although we continue to monitor and manage G&A costs to a lower level in local currency than last year, they decreased at a rate less than revenue.  Operating income was $732 million reflecting a 14.2% operating margin. This compares with $862 million or 14.1% operating margin in the third quarter of last year, an expansion of 10 basis points. While we have seen our revenue contract by $957 million and a majority of that is foreign exchange driven, we have been able to deliver margin expansion in this challenging business environment.  Our third quarter effective tax rate was 28.2% compared with 30.8% for the same period last year. This quarter’s tax rate benefited from final determination that came through in the quarter and generated a favorable impact to earnings per share of approximately $0.03 in the quarter.  Income before minority interest for the quarter was $537 million compared with $608 million for the third quarter last year, a decrease of 12% in U.S. dollars. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.68 compared with $0.74 in the third quarter last year, a decrease of $0.06.  Here is how that breaks down. A $0.03 increase from a lower share count, a $0.02 increase from a lower effective income tax rate compared with the rate in the third quarter last year offset by a $0.02 decrease from lower revenue and operating income in local currency and a further $0.09 decrease from unfavorable foreign exchange rates compared with the third quarter last year.  So let’s turn now to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $971 million, resulting from cash from operating activities of $1.01 billion, net of property and equipment additions of $44 million. This compares with $1.01 billion free cash flow in Q3 last year which reflected cash from operating activities of $1.08 billion and capital expenditures of $66 million.  I should note that year-to-date free cash flow is $1.95 billion versus $1.54 billion year-to-date last year. This increase of 26% in U.S. dollars, more in local currency, reflects the attention our people are paying to managing our cash and in particular our DSO’s.  Turning to DSO’s, our day services outstanding were 34 days, a slight up tick from 33 days in the second quarter this year but down from 37 days at the end of last fiscal year. We continue to manage DSO’s at a level that is exceptional and industry-leading especially in this environment.  Our total cash balance at May 31 was $4 billion compared with $3.6 billion at August 31. The $4 billion also reflects the $177 million in negative foreign exchange translation on the cash balances we hold around the world.  Turning to some key operational metrics, managing the supply and demand of our resources continues to be a top priority. In Q3 our utilization was 83%, consistent with Q2, and attrition which excludes involuntary terminations dropped from 9% to 8% sequentially and from 16% in the third quarter last fiscal year.  We ended the quarter with global headcount of 177,000 people including 79,000 in the global delivery network. Finally, during the quarter we repurchased or redeemed about 10 million shares for $283 million from a combination of founders and open market purchases. The average price was $28.45 per share. At May 31 we had $1.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  Turning to founder shares. At the time of our IPO we had 808 million founder shares outstanding, all of which were restricted. Since that time we have proactively managed the disposition of 651 million or 81% of these founder shares in a non-disruptive manner. In Q4 we are unlocking the remaining 19 million founder shares. There are 157 million founder shares still outstanding. Approximately 120 million or 76% of those are SCA shares which are redeemable through Accenture. Consistent with our historical approach, we intend to continue to primarily use cash for the balance of SCA shares when our founders present them to us over the years to come.  So in July we marked the eight-year anniversary of our IPO. I would like to take a moment to reflect on what we have accomplished as a public company. We have made significant progress in driving revenue growth, cost efficiency, profitability and cash flow in a macro economic environment that has been very dynamic.  From September 1, 2001 when we began our first full year as a public company through May 31, 2009 our high performance tells a strong story of managing our business for profitable growth. During this period we delivered compound annual growth of 10% in revenue, 12% in operating income with 140 basis points of margin expansion, 26% in EPS and 20% in free cash flow. Of the $14.3 billion in free cash flow generated we have returned $13 billion or 91% to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends; all of this while adding more than 100,000 employees to Accenture since the IPO.  So we have driven strong results, gained market share and positioned our business for continued leadership. Let me turn it back to Bill to share with you how we are focused on continuing to do so in the future. 
Bill Green :  Thank you Pam. That is just a great summary of our journey and it is something that we are all very proud of here at Accenture. Now usually at this point of the call we walk you through some more detail of what Pam has just summarized and that is contained in our news release. I am going to change that today as I believe it important for you to have some perspective on initiatives underway with an eye to the future.  In this call we described a lot about how we are managing the business we have and expect to have near-term. I am very pleased with how we have faced the challenges of the economic environment. Our utilization and operating margin are just two measures that show we are closely managing our business on behalf of our company and our shareholders. Also in a few minutes Pam will give you our view of where we expect to land this fiscal year and also a bit about how we expect to start out next year.  But let’s look forward. We are not only playing good defense, we are playing offense. The economic environment will improve in certain countries and specific industries and with individual offerings we will begin to see momentum. The work has not disappeared. The drive to compete and win and achieve high performance is as important today, or more important than it has ever been.  Within Accenture one of our principles is to operate our company with one foot in today and one foot in tomorrow. We have talked a lot on this call about the foot in today. I want to talk for a few minutes about the foot that is in tomorrow.  We are aggressively positioning ourselves in important ways for future growth. It is important for you to understand this and while I won’t be able to get into much detail on this call, we will provide you with more information next quarter and then again as we focus on our investor and analyst day in October.  This is all about growth. Growth in leadership, market share, revenues, profits and we are laser focused on it. We have completed a refresh of our strategy for growth. We had over 100 top executives from across our entire organization involved. We did this with a bias the economy has not just slowed, it is resetting itself. It will emerge differently in terms of client needs, business models and buyer values.  We have been underway with two major thrusts. The first thrust is refreshing and enhancing our core business. Our core is powerful and the envy of our competitors. It is strong and differentiated but we are raising our game even further. In consulting we are refreshing and revitalizing our market offerings. Our core of supply chain, finance and performance management, talent management, customer service and all others have been sharpened and focused. Our industry programs and deep industry skills and capabilities that are so unique and differentiated are being deepened and strengthened.  Our value propositions have been aligned with today’s business needs, not yesterdays. In systems integration and technology we continue on our journey to reduce our cost to serve. We have built new offerings around the cloud and SAS. We have invested in new emerging technology areas like health IT, our industry leading position in Smart Grid technology, webification and digitization.  We are also enhancing our alliance program to leverage the assets of our partners who operate in our ecosystem. We are leveraging their investments, taking advantage of our unique client relationships, scale and independence.  In outsourcing we continue to improve the economics of this business every quarter. We have achieved the leading industry position and we have done it with improving profitability. We have carved out a distinctive position in infrastructure outsourcing and remote-managed services. We are recognized by industry watchers as the leader across BPO. We have built relationships based on trust and results delivered. Our clients trust that we can deliver the most critical business functions and do it with quality and efficiency. All that is part of raising our game and leveraging our core.  Our second thrust goes beyond the core. We are underway with important new growth initiatives that extend that position. Let me mention just a few. We are combining our public service and health service businesses. This area has huge growth potential for us and already has a lot of momentum. To show you how serious we are, I have asked Steve Rohleder to lead this for us. Driving growth has always been Steve’s sweet spot and we are serious about taking advantage of this market opportunity in a powerful way and establishing a definitive industry leadership position. We will use our talent and capital to support our goals for growth in this area. Stay tuned. More to come.  We are increasing our efforts and focus on geographic expansion. I have been in China and Latin America in the last month where we continue to grow in a dramatic and profitable way regardless of the economy. We have redoubled our efforts across a set of strategic markets and are entering new countries to capture share and growth and provide our clients with consistent, high quality service anywhere in the world they operate.  Finally we have assembled our capabilities around several defining technology areas where growth and profits will be strong. I will mention just a few. Mobility: We have launched Accenture Mobility Operated Services based on assets we have built and have implemented in Europe. Analytics: We have ramped up the business we call Accenture Information Management Services to the next level of insight and value delivery across all three of our growth platforms. Digital: We have launched Accenture Digital Management Services and have a unique leading market position in this hot new area. Cloud: Not only are we enhancing our core around this but we are working with alliance partners to be the implementation partners for our clients as they move to next-generation computing.  There are several more areas which for competitive reasons I will not get into right now. So what does all this mean? It simply means we are driving today’s business in a responsible way and solving for our shareholders. While doing that we are taking the opportunity to get positioned for the rebound not only in our core but in a series of new high demand areas. We are excited. Our clients are excited. The demand for high performance is alive and well. We will provide more detail in the future but it is important that you get a sense with where we see this business going and why we feel good about it.  Now let me hand it back to Pam. 
Pamela Craig :  Thanks Bill. Let me wrap up by bringing you back to this year and telling you how we have updated our outlook given three quarters of actual results and an updated foreign exchange assumption based on exchange rates experienced through the month of June so far.  Starting with this quarter’s revenues, we expect net revenues in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $5-5.2 billion. This range assumes a foreign exchange impact of negative 8%. Turning to the full fiscal year, we have only one quarter to go. We are now narrowing our net revenue growth to be flat to slightly positive in local currency. We assume a foreign exchange impact also of negative 8% for the full fiscal year.  We continue to expect new bookings for the fiscal year to land in a range of $23-25 billion. We continue to expect operating margin for the full year to be in a range of 13.4-13.7%. We expect that it is more likely to be at the lower end of the range which would represent a minimum expansion of 50 basis points over last fiscal year. We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 27-29% for fiscal 2009 based on activity to date.  We are currently updating our outlook for earnings per share for the full fiscal year to a range of $2.67 to $2.70. Based on current course and speed and reflecting our latest assumptions on the tax rate and foreign exchange impact. Finally, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.65 to 2.85 billion, property and equipment additions to be $250 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.4-2.6 billion. This reflects updated assumptions on property and equipment additions, tax cash payments and DSO’s.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2010 as we figure today we are working hard on our planning. As part of that planning we are closely examining our cost structure and analyzing how our consulting business will evolve. The next few quarters will be challenging given where we were last year and our current revenue run rate. We will continue to assess and finalize our plans so that we can provide complete fiscal year 2010 guidance during the fourth quarter call scheduled for October 1.  That’s it. Bill? 
Bill Green :  Thank you Pam. We trust that you see that we are both driving our business for today as well as positioning it for tomorrow. So let’s go right to questions. 
Richard Clark :  Thanks Bill. We have a number of people who will want to ask questions today so please try to limit your questions to one or two.
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg – UBS. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: First, on the pace of converting bookings into revenue for both the consulting and outsourcing business if you could talk about changes you are observing there. The bookings obviously have held up pretty well over the last couple of quarters despite the environment but revenues seem to be trending kind of near the low end of your guidance range here in the back half of the fiscal year. Could you talk about the dynamic of how bookings, last quarter you talked about how getting pipeline into bookings and into revenue is somewhat of a challenge and now the bookings seem to be there but can you talk about getting bookings into revenue? 
Steve Rohleder :  The real issue that or situation we are dealing with is a major shift from consulting to outsourcing. As we see the bookings come in, certainly this quarter and last quarter, in the outsourcing business it is going to take a little while to convert those to revenue. I haven’t seen any difference in terms of the velocity of opportunities coming through our pipeline this quarter. I do believe though we are seeing a shift primarily in both resources and products from consulting to outsourcing and that is impacting what you are asking about. 
Pamela Craig :  I will just add one statistic for you. When we compare bookings, for outsourcing, in Q3 this year to last year there is about a 7% difference in bookings for revenues for future years meaning for this year beyond fiscal 2010. There is just a little bit of a shift there.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: A follow-up question on margins. The gross margin I think was at the highest levels you have seen in probably close to three years. I know you have talked about some improved outsourcing contract profitability there as a key driver. Does this mean as the outsourcing contract portfolio matures further then gross margins could potentially expand from these May quarter levels or are there other factors at work that we need to consider as we think about kind of the median term gross margin profile of the company? 
Pamela Craig :  I think the thing to point out here is the outsourcing guys have been on a journey to really industrialize their delivery. As you know, all year long this has been coming through very strong. I certainly do expect it to continue but there is always a mix in the portfolio in terms of early deals and later cycle deals and so there will be some fluctuation at times but I think in terms of a trend this industrialization is here to stay and we expect it to continue to yield for us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: I was wondering if you would elaborate at all on the next few quarters being challenging. Where should we expect to see sort of the particular challenges from a growth perspective, a cash perspective and a profitability perspective? 
Pamela Craig :  I think the main thing is just the revenue run rate. When you compare where we are right now and you look at the first two quarters of last year the first one was 9% growth. This is just challenging in terms of sequential run rate so it will take a little bit of time until we build that back up. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Let me step back before I ask my second to last question and say congratulations on some very good results. I should have said that up front in a very challenging environment. My other question really just kind of stepping back, high level, if I kind of look at the fiscal 2009 constant currency growth as it stands and what you reported this quarter it seems like the trajectory is setting up similarly to the way CC growth trended in the last downturn which I guess would really suggest next fiscal year really could actually be down on a constant currency basis. Can you talk about maybe why you think the business might perform differently in this downturn versus the last downturn or why maybe not? 
Bill Green :  Let me take a shot at it and I’ll let Pam jump in. I think if you stand back and look at it our visibility is consistent with what we said last quarter which means our visibility was the same but the predictability continues to be tough. So that is really the thing that is swinging. I think we put a lot of work looking at our diamond clients and looking at the initiatives that they have. We have done a lot of work looking at the leaders of our client companies in terms of the constant of people in the market place and the confidence has improved a lot and yet people are still thoughtful and cautious. I think it is going to be an interesting question about when you cross the line into 2010 calendar what really happens. So the difference between our first two quarters and our last two quarters could be dramatically different. I guess the other thing is there is still a lot of conversation and activity out there. So I think it is working its way through the system and as a result it is sort of hard. You can see the first couple of quarters and say this thing is going to get off to a slower start but it has the potential to ramp because as I said the work hasn’t gone anywhere. The needs are there. The work is there. The people that have the global agendas around consistent operating platforms and performance improvement things are all there. People have been taking small bites and I think somewhere along the line here we are going to get back into the bigger, more transformational type assignments. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: A question about the health of the consulting business. As your predictability improves versus three months ago and also importantly would you say that demand in your consulting business has stabilized on a seasonally adjusted basis? What I mean by stabilization is not whether it is dropping at a less rapid rate but whether it is able to now hold ground on an absolute basis as you kind of look at the next couple of quarters. 
Bill Green :  I would say we are going to need one more quarter to be able to make the call on that. Consulting held up very well even through last quarter. It took a dip this quarter and I think we are probably going to need another quarter to read the tea leaves. If you look at what is in that family of stuff we see a lot more stability in the system integration portion of the business than we see in the pure consulting portion of the business. Last quarter it was almost the reverse. So we are just looking at the dynamics of what is going on there and trying to decide are they trends or just quarterly anomalies. At the end of the day we feel good and I think Pam mentioned in some of her remarks that the SI piece of that business which of course is a big piece had shown some stability but the higher up the stack work in the last quarter showed more weakness. Right now we have a portfolio approach to the thing and I think we are going to need another quarter to answer your question with conviction. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: I think it is prudent in this environment that you are not giving sort of initial guidance for fiscal 2010. That said, the upper end of your revenue guidance for the August quarter is implying about negative 13% year-over-year growth. In local currency terms it is at about negative 5-5.5%. The question I have is if you exit fiscal 2009 at a year-over-year revenue growth rate of negative 5% in local currency terms would you strongly expect fiscal 2010 to be on a trajectory that is better than negative 5% in local currency terms particularly given that your comparisons will ease over the course of the year? 
Pamela Craig :  I’m not going to comment specifically on next year but I think as we look at the trajectory we do see that first half being tough and then we will be in a better position in September to give you more in terms of beyond that. So that is really where we see it at this point. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Just to clarify that, when you say the first half of 2010 will be tough is that on just a year-over-year basis or does that mean your sequential revenue growth is expected to be below normal in the first half of the year? 
Pamela Craig :  I think that clearly on a year-over-year basis it is what I meant when I said it would be tough. I think that because we do see calendar 2009 is tough and our year is a little different so we start out the first quarter and have one month of the second quarter in calendar 2009 and so the real question I think is what is going to happen in 2010 calendar. That is where we see will that be an inflection point. 
Bill Green :  I would just add, we did sell $6.6 billion worth of stuff this last quarter so there is a lot going on there. There is no question there is a point if you look at the client base and the companies there is some small segment of the market that sort of 2009 they are putting behind them and things are going to start up again in 2010. So I think it is going to be a very interesting thing as we cross over the calendar year line. If we can stay with what we are doing now and get a nice kick as people start to engage and actually start the planning and the work for some of the 2010 business in the fall, we think that is going to serve us well. This is all instinct at this point. That is kind of what we are seeing out there in the client base. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: I wonder if Steve could comment on Europe demand versus U.S.. It seems there is some evidence out there that demand in Europe is lagging that in the U.S. in terms of the dynamics of the cycle. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Steve Rohleder :  I would say that in some places in Europe it is. Specifically in Spain, probably Italy and to a lesser extent in France. That said, there is part of our western European business that is still growing at double digits. If you look at what is going on in the Netherlands, Denmark and Norway, some of those countries, and Germany. We had double digit growth. So it is a really mixed bag. The U.K. we continue to work hard to get that business stood back up. I think we are making progress. I think we have seen some stabilization of the SI business and we continue to pursue growth there. It is a mixed bag quite frankly so I don’t think it is right to step back and say it is lagging in a whole. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: On the cost side of the equation given the improvements on the gross margin it sounds like you have some nice traction there on the outsourcing side. Looking ahead and I know this is something you have said before, but if you really think about the cost that has been taken out of the equation this year to sort of help drive the margin improvement, the pieces that might be permanent that don’t come back even if you start to grow at some point next year versus the parts that are actually things you have to spend on to keep growing; in other words hiring, recruiting and what not, is there any way to sort of gauge how much of the cost reductions are sort of permanent and don’t come back even as we head into next year versus those you have to start spending on again like new hiring and what not? Any way to think about that? 
Pamela Craig :  The way I think about it is we are committed to managing our cost structure. You saw this year with utilization we have been managing supply and demand. That is mostly in cost of services. We have obviously been keeping a tight eye on SG&A and so we are going to continue to do that in relation to the business we have and will have. I think a lot of the things that we have done, for example in travel costs where we have switched to do a lot more with technology and telepresence and that sort of thing that has served us well and will continue to serve us well. There are some variable costs that come with hiring more people but I don’t think this is something that you should worry about. We are going to manage the costs. 
Bill Green :  We, like many companies, look at this as a unique opportunity to sort of restructure and reposition how we do what we do and the costs that it takes to do it and to support it. I think that as we get costs out of here, which we have been on a mission to do and have accelerated obviously this year, we are doing that with the long-term in mind. We will be at the door making sure they don’t come back in because we are very much trying to drive to get a lower total cost of operation of our company as a whole. It is very important and very focused. I think we have demonstrated we can do it and we are on a mission to do it. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: The question on the SG&A side there is no doubt or at least on the operating margin side if you look at the improvement but I think the question we always seem to grapple with is the gross margin part of the equation has been on a steady decline for the last couple of years so if all of a sudden we are at a point where the outsourcing feels like it has got enough traction and it can actually continue to improve coupled with the environment coming back next year a little bit should we expect to see gross margin improve and hopefully that kind of continues to fall on the operating profit side as well.  Just as a point of clarification, on the commentary regarding the shares that come unlocked in the fourth quarter can you just walk back through that? I guess more specifically what pieces would Accenture have to absorb versus what pieces would just go to the market place? 
Pamela Craig :  Just in terms of what is left to become unrestricted there are 19 million shares about to become unrestricted so we are done with that. The eight years is on July 19th and that is that. But, as we sit here today just becomes shares become unrestricted doesn’t mean founders sell them right away or look to redeem them right away. There are I think 157 million that are still outstanding that those folks are holding and so we will, what I was just explaining is we will continue to meet their redemption requests given the ¾ of them are SCA shares which are redeemable through Accenture and we will use our cash primarily to do that. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: But I just wanted to clarify you weren’t making an announcement that you were opening a window or anything along those lines? 
Pamela Craig :  No. Just to kind of bring you up to date because it is kind of an anniversary that is coming up here. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay so 157 million outstanding and then you made some other reference to 76% and that was the SCA shares? 
Pamela Craig :  Correct. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Pam you said there were positive signs at the end of the quarter. Can you just give me an idea of what you were talking about for those? 
Pamela Craig :  I think in the system integration business, for example, I think they saw some good activity and win rates. When you look at the bookings we are booking, doing and delivering a good base of business. There are some factors out there that are sort of impacting some things around the margin just in terms of scope expansions and deferrals and this kind of thing but we did see some positive signs. Again, particularly in the systems integration business at the end of the quarter. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: On the guidance, if you factor in for the fourth quarter on a constant currency growth rate should consulting decline get a little more decline in consulting and outsourcing will hold its own at that plus 3%? I’m just trying to figure out the two different pieces. 
Pamela Craig :  I think you can assume that outsourcing will continue at sort of a single digit positive growth rate and consulting in the negative mid teens.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Finally, Steve can you just give us a little color on restructuring, cancellations and pricing? I guess how that has changed over the last three months and where you see that going forward? 
Steve Rohleder :  I would split the comment into two pieces. First of all on the pricing front if you look at our systems integration and outsourcing business the pricing has come under pressure there primarily because clients are continuing to ask us to go back and reevaluate our existing arrangements with them and reduce our prices. We have also seen some pressure in the ERP area but quite frankly the highest volume is in the existing contracts area. What that has done is pushed us to shift our resources in order to accommodate the price reduction to more of a higher level of off shore mix. While that doesn’t impact our margin or our bottom line it does impact our revenue line. So when we talk about pricing pressure that is the first point.  The second one is kind of in the higher end services. Around that area as we talked about here on the call we have seen a little bit of a weakening of that market. I think the opportunities have slowed. The volume of opportunities is down and frankly there is a lot of management consultant work that we usually wrap into the transformational SI work which is down a little bit. So all that said, what we have done is begun some early stage investing in opportunities with our foundation and diamond clients and clients in the white space area. That is going to put pressure on pricing as well for us. So kind of think about it in those two buckets. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: What about restructuring and cancellations? Have those picked up? 
Steve Rohleder :  I wouldn’t say they have picked up. I think that there has been a high volume of those last quarter and we felt that this quarter as well. 
Pamela Craig :  Primarily in financial services. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ed Caso – Wachovia. 
Ed Caso - Wachovia: Can you talk a little bit about your favorite topic which is politics and protectionism for a minute? 
Bill Green :  How much time do you have? There is I guess a bunch of things. I spent a little bit of time in Washington over the last couple of months as business broadly reads the new guys dispositions one way or another. I think people are concerned about a lot of things. I think the protectionism, a lot of those fears have subsided in many ways and in the U.S. I think there are some concerns in some other countries and there is some stuff around the edges but at the end of the day I think by and large everyone is focused on getting the economies of the world back going and they realize that we all sort of live off of each other and nobody wants to start the downward spiral of what that would do. I think there are some legitimate concerns about people trying to figure out how to be more competitive.  Certainly with some of the legislation that is down there not only in Washington but in other countries of the world it put pressure on business performance and business results and as a result people are going to look at what else they can do to improve their competitive position as they may have to carry more burden be it taxes that historically were deferred or healthcare or whatever it is that is going on out there. I guess I would say that business leaders are at the post. They recognize there is something important going on here and there will be a lot of legislative wrangling at the end of the day. In the meantime what I am pleased about is I think business was a deer in the headlights for awhile. I think they have settled in. I think they sort of understand the hand they have to play right now and people are getting back focused on how to compete and win and grow in what has become a very difficult and complex environment. I don’t have fears about it nor do I have any for how they would affect our company. 
Ed Caso - Wachovia: My other question is you mentioned cloud as a new offering. I was wondering are you going down the path of taking your intellectual property and wrapping it into sort of a remote offering to sell your skills or are you more interested in remaining more of a systems integrator. 
Bill Green :  I think we have to do both, right? Because we do have underlying assets, soft and hard, that we need to leverage. If you think about our assets whether they be software or whether they be just ideas, knowledge and know how and intellectual property the cloud gives you an opportunity to capture those, encapsulate them and then leverage them at scale. That is important to us. We also see a huge piece of business that is around helping our clients move to the private cloud in their own environment. If you think about the size and nature of the complexity of our clients they could be cloud based providers just for themselves internally. So there is going to be a lot focused on that.  Then I think you might have seen we announced joining Cisco around the NFI communications and the sort of next-generation data center stuff and our focus is the journey from today to the cloud. It seems like falling off a truck but it is not. It is complex, expensive and it is multi-year and all of the people that want to provide those services, cloud based services, are going to need implementation arms and legs in order to get people from where they are to where they are going to be. So right now the offerings around road maps and plans and business cases and how do you do that and then it is also about how do we exploit the assets that we have, frankly scattered around the globe in Accenture, and get them resident in a cloud-type environment that we can take advantage of be that software or just intellectual property that some of our partners would want to convert into software and provide for their service environments. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Just a couple of quick margin questions. Pam, could you give detail on what is driving the operating margin guidance to be at the low end? Is it just revenues or is it mix, pricing or something unusual? 
Pamela Craig :  It is nothing unusual it is just more how we see the year coming out and where we are year-to-date. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Looking ahead, is there a way or a rule of thumb we can use to understand the margin implications from any mix shift towards outsourcing if we want to assume that trend continues through fiscal 2010? 
Pamela Craig :  I think there is definitely at least a medium term phenomenon here in terms of that slight mix shift change. I think it is also interesting to point out though that the margin expansion has been largely due to outsourcing this year. So it all goes into the mix. I probably don’t have anything real formulaic to give you. 
Bill Green :  I keep asking her the same thing. So I’m sure she will start working on it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros. : Pam I know you are not going to provide any fiscal 2010 color until next quarter but you did make reference to the fact that as you are looking into fiscal 2010 you are examining your cost structure and you made a reference to the consulting piece of the business if I am not mistaken. Can I infer from that the pricing pressure continues and you are looking at perhaps new actions or more forceful actions to lower your cost structure? Maybe you could add some color as to what you meant by that. 
Pamela Craig :  I think we are just going to continue to look at it and obviously something we do every year at this time of year is make sure we have our cost structure sized for the business that we expect to have. Given the decline has been in consulting that is why I emphasized that. That said, we have been managing supply and demand all along in that business. We will continue to do so and then the part that doesn’t go into cost of services is primarily an SG&A cost we will be looking at that as well. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Bros. : Just a quick follow-up on headcount. If I am right you cut about 4,000 heads in this May quarter. That is a little bit less than the 6,000 in the previous quarter. So it looks like your head count culling is slowing a little bit. Can we infer from that sort of the worst is behind you in terms of having to cut heads? 
Steve Rohleder :  I wouldn’t infer anything based on looking forward. I think the important part of this is we have ongoing actions country by country, area of business by area of business that we are taking on a monthly basis. It is hard to say if the worst is behind us or the worst is in front of us. I wouldn’t say that. I would tell you that we are closely in touch with what we see the demand drivers to be and we are aligning that with the supply of people that we have to meet that client demand. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Steve addressed the pricing issue as it related to existing customers looking for some restructuring. I was wondering if you could comment on pricing vis a vie the competitive environment and as a follow-up to that I’m just wondering if the mix of sole source business has shifted at all over the past few quarters and do you expect that to remain similar to fiscal 2009 next year? 
Steve Rohleder :  First of all the mix of sole sourced business hasn’t changed. It is still about 50/50. Our bookings from diamond clients and foundation clients is still in line around 75%. In fact, over 60% of our pipeline is attributed to foundation and diamond clients as well so we haven’t seen a shift there. From a competitive standpoint, there is clearly competitors out there that are picking opportunities to purchase, to be very aggressive from a pricing standpoint. What we continue to do is evaluate those opportunities, decide if they are strategic for us and then compete on that basis. We also continue to look at how we are differentiating the services that we bring and the value proposition we are putting on the table for those clients. I think that has allowed us to compete head to head with anybody who is getting aggressive from a price standpoint. 
Pamela Craig :  We do see some pricing pressure in the SI and AO space and we have done I think an extremely good job of shifting to lower cost locations to meet the demand and also to maintain margins. So that is one area where we have seen that. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: My second question is around the pace of restructurings. I’m just wondering did that actually accelerate a bit in the fiscal third quarter? Do you anticipate that to continue going forward and would that be part of the color around the challenge around the top line given the fact that you will be able to maintain margins by moving more offshore but we could see some more restructuring continue throughout the next few quarters as customers are feeling pain? 
Pamela Craig :  I don’t at this time see an up turn trend in that in more restructurings. I think we had in financial services last quarter, the second and third quarter’s of our fiscal year, some terminations and restructurings that related to that industry and the turmoil in that industry and the fact that some clients went away completely. As we look now, I don’t see that trending up. That could of course change but at this point as we sit here today I don’t see that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Elizabeth Buckley – Arete Research. 
Elizabeth Buckley – Arete Research: Just a question about the important investments you have outlined. Can you give us a sense of the order of magnitude of these investments that you have made starting I suppose in Q3 and also for the full year 2009 how much are you investing relative to last year and also looking into next year when do you see this higher investment rate ending? 
Bill Green :  For this year, for 2009, it has essentially been taking the investments we normally make and channeling them to the things that were hot, if you will. We spend $1 billion a year training people and doing R&D. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars on assets and things like that. I think if you stand back and look at it how do we channel our training expenditures? How do we channel our management development and offering development stuff? That is what we have done for this year. We are in the middle of building our 2010 plans for next year and we are going to look at what we need to do here. I think important to me is we see a tremendous opportunity to repurpose a lot of investments we have been making over the last 3-4 years and use that money in a different way, targeted to more important things in terms of growth and revenues for the future. So right now we are in the repurpose the investment mode and make sure we get done the things that will have the highest yield for our clients and our company and then we will see if there is incremental investments.  Consistent with that, our strategy for acquisitions is the same as it has been. Yet, we will probably target them more towards these areas than we have in the past. So we have a lot we can do just with the operating investments we make and how we use our capital just in the current framework of the economic model of the firm and that is where we are starting. If we need more from that we will do it on a business case.  Let me just say a couple of things in closing. Our focus on operating discipline and delivery excellence enabled us to turn in a solid quarter in a challenging environment. I appreciate those of you on the call who recognize that because I will tell you we work really hard for it. I do want to thank the men and women of Accenture around the world that made this happen because it is their focus and their hard work which deliver these results. We remain intently focused on our clients and their needs and we remain committed to doing what it takes to generate value for them and for our shareholders both for today and for the long-term.  Today we have given you a taste for some of the exciting new initiatives we have underway to accelerate our growth in this business both in existing areas as well as in some new ones that offer great potential. Again, we will provide some more details about these on our Q4 earnings call and at our annual investor and analyst conference in October.  In closing I am just proud of what we have delivered to date in fiscal 2009. I am excited about the opportunities that lay ahead for Accenture. I want to thank each of you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to talking with you again on our next call. 
Operator:  This conference will be available for replay after 7 p.m. ET today through midnight September 30, 2009. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code 103988. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-03-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark - Managing Director, IR Bill Green - Chairman and CEO Pam Craig - CFO Steve Rohleder - COO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Jason Kupferberg - UBS Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Ian Sawyer - Wachovia 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark; please go ahead.
Richard Clark: Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I am Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results, Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2009 and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and disclosed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to, Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you Richard and thanks everyone for joining us today. Let me start by stating the obvious I think you would all agree that the economic environment around the world has become even more complex and uncertain over the past few months. We are going to discuss our results today in that context. We want to share with you what we are seeing how we are acting and reacting in the face of it. With that backdrop Accenture's second quarter was a solid one. We grew revenues in local currency expanded operating margin and gain market share. Given the global economic environment its impact on business in general, and its devastating impact on some of our clients, we performed well. We have done this by getting and staying closer than ever to our clients helping them adapt to very challenging circumstances and by quickly aligning Accenture to the new business realities. We remain confident in our business our intense focus and discipline in managing Accenture has enabled us to execute well and to delivered solid profitability and strong flow. And while our revenue growth has slowed, we gained profitable market share, which we believe is a true indicator of our success. Here are few highlights from the quarter. Revenues were $5.3 billion, an increase of 3% in local currency. This was slightly below our guided range that we believe is very respectable given the dramatic changes in the market and challenges for business that began in January. We grew operating income 6% and expanded operating margin by 150 basis points, reflecting the close management of our operations and a keen focus on costs. We delivered solid earnings per share of $0.63. We delivered new bookings of nearly $6 billion, also a good result. And finally, we maintained our extremely strong financial position, we continue to generate significant amounts of cash, and we have a very strong balance sheet with no debt. We have moved quickly. As we told you, we would with targeted actions to adjust to and get ahead of the rapidly changing market and the changing needs of our buyers. At the same time, we continued to invest in our business to reinforce our strong competitive position. In this environment, we have benefited from our flexible and diverse business model. We have been able to quickly respond to client needs for immediate cost savings through operational improvements and for swift and efficient functional restructuring across the industries we serve. We are also seeing many new opportunities in the marketplace to grow our business with both, new and existing clients. We are pursuing those opportunities vigorously. Change is a challenge for any organization, where we don't know exactly when the economic climate will improve, we are confident that we are doing the right things to weather the storm and to position ourselves for accelerated profitable growth as conditions do improve. With that, let me turn the call over to Pam who will provide some more detail on the numbers.
Pam Craig: Thank you, Bill and thanks to all of you for listening today. We had overall solid results in the second quarter of fiscal 2009. Despite the challenging macro environment, we continue to manage the business we have and to drive growth where we can. And we demonstrated our commitment to drive, to drive strong margin, cash flow and earnings across the enterprise. Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations.  Net revenues for the second quarter were $5.27 billion, a decrease of 6% in US dollars and an increase of 3% in local currency over the same period last year. Q2 revenues were below our guided range of $5.45 billion to $5.65 billion. These revenues also reflect the foreign exchange impact of negative 9%. Consulting revenues were $3.03 billion, a decrease of 10% in US dollars and 1% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.24 billion, a decrease of 1% in US dollars and an increase of 9% in local currency. While our outsourcing revenues were in line with our expectations, we did see an overall 1% local currency decline in consulting revenues for the quarter. We saw the softening in consulting starting in January, primarily driven by systems integration work in three of our operating group. There has been a noticeable change in the demand environment, as clients grapple and how a macro environment full of continuing economic challenges impacts their priority. Steve will provide more detail on revenues shortly.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 30.8% compared with 29.5% for the same period last year reflecting a 130 basis point improvement. We drove continued gross margin expansion this quarter with improvements in contract profitability that were very strong in outsourcing and reflected good execution in consulting as well.  SG&A cost for the second quarter were $958 million or 18.2% of revenues, compared with $1 billion or 18% of revenues for the second quarter last year. Sales and marketing cost increased 30 basis points, which were offset by a decrease in general and administrative costs of 10 basis points compared to 2Q last year. And also included in operating income, we received a net benefit of 13 million resulting from a reduction in our reorganization liabilities which were established at the time of our incorporation. The impact of this line item compared to last year second quarter was a 40 basis point left.  Operating income for the quarter increased 6% to $677 million, reflecting a 12.9% operating margin. This compares with $638 million or 11.4% operating margin in the second quarter last year. The year-over-year expansion in operating margin was 150 basis points. We continue to be focused and our people really deserve the credit for this, on executing our work well and managing our cost in this highly uncertain time.  Our second quarter effective tax rate was 28.1% compared to 17.8% for the same period last year. The second quarter and fiscal 2008 included some final determinations and the effective R&D credits outside the US which reduced the rate in that quarter. This quarter's rate of 28.1% which also included some final determinations was slightly below our guided annual range of 29% to 31%.  Income before minority interest for the quarter was $502 million, compared with $534 million for the second quarter last year a decrease of 6% in US dollars.  Diluted earnings per share was $0.63 a decrease of $0.01 or 1% from diluted EPS of $0.64 in the second quarter last year. Here is how that breaks down.  We delivered an increase of $0.12 or 19% growth from strong operating performance. Including $0.09 from revenue and operating income growth in local currency and $0.03 from a lower share count. Additionally, we had a benefit of $0.01 from a release of reorganization liabilities and $0.01 from lower non-operating items. All of these totaled to $0.14.  This was offset by $0.09 from a higher effective income tax rate this quarter which I previously mentioned and $0.06 from the unfavorable FX impact in our Q2 operating results compared to last year.  The tax rate change and the impact of foreign exchange created a $0.15 drag on EPS for a net decrease of $0.01.  I am pleased with our strong earnings performance given last years unusually low tax rate and a significant FX headwind this year. Now let's turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $578 million resulting from cash from operating activities of $631 million net of property and equipment additions to $53 million. Turning to DSOs, our day services outstanding were 33 days, down from 36 days in the first quarter and 37 days at the end of last fiscal year. We continue to manage DSOs at a level that is exceptional and industry leading especially in this environment. Our total cash balance at February 28th was $2.98 billion compared with $3.60 billion at August 31st. This reflects $383 million reduction due to foreign exchange translation on the cash balances we hold around the world. Our balance sheet metrics remains strong. For the second quarter, our return on invested capital was 79%, our return on equity was [88%], and our return on assets was 21%. Before I turn things over to Steve, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased or redeemed $11 million shares for $357 million, primarily from founders. The average price of shares repurchased or redeemed in the quarter was $32.45 a share. At February 28 we had $1.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining.  Finally, let me comment on the on the size of our public flow. Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation, our public [float] at the end of quarter was approximately 77%, which excludes all outstanding founder shares. Overall we delivered a strong profitability and cash flow while navigating through uncertain and challenging times. Now, Steve will give you some more detail on our operations.
Steve Rohleder: Thanks Pam. Hello everyone and thanks for joining us today. Our second quarter results demonstrate that we are proactively managing our business. Let me start with a few observations about the current environment and its impact on our revenues. Clearly the global marketplace has shifted dramatically over the past few months. Beginning in January we saw heightened marketplace uncertainty which led to a systemic pause in certain segments of the market. This resulted in three factors affecting our consulting business. First, clients have started differing decisions about new work which has resulted in a slow down in converting our pipeline to revenue in the quarter. Second, the small extensions and add-ons that normally come through each quarter did not come through at the rate we have seen historically in fact some clients are still operating without approved annual budgets. And third, in some cases clients have asked us to work with them on reducing the run rate on existing consulting projects. In this environment companies are rethinking their priorities, looking at projects that will provide an immediate return on investment, differing large new transformational IT projects and turning to outsourcing to lower their cost structures. The shifting priorities are affecting each of our growth platforms in different ways. So before I discuss the results of our operating groups I am going to provide some context about the effects on our growth platforms. In management consulting, clients are focused on sustained cost reduction and operational improvement. We are seeing an increase in CEO sponsored efforts in areas such as customer retention, supply chain optimization, and M&A integration. We continue to invest in this part of our business especially in solution design to help client tackle these imperatives. In systems integration and technology we are experiencing changes in demand patterns especially in systems integration. But we are seeing a reduction in large scale custom projects. There is continuing demand for SAP and Oracle-based services and we have a number of targeted new investments including new alliances and industry solutions. Of course our global delivery network continues to be a competitive differentiator. We have more than 50 delivery centers across five continents in end of the quarter with 80,000 people in our network. Technology consulting continues to grow with increased demand for services related to IT infrastructure cost reduction, compliance, data security and data privacy. In outsourcing, demand for application outsourcing remained strong as clients are seeking opportunities for near term cost reductions. We are also seeing demand in BPO particularly in finance and accounting and procurement. This demand coupled with the increased activity we are seeing in the pipeline clearly supports our view that there is an acceleration in outsourcing opportunities. Our focus is on accelerating the conversion of the opportunities in our pipeline to bookings and revenue. Now that I have provided some context for the overall market and its effect on our growth platforms, let me take you through some of the highlights for the operating groups. In Communications & High Tech, revenues declined 3% in local currency, largely reflecting a decrease in communications industry work in the Americas and EMEA. We saw strong growth in Asia-Pacific across all industry groups in both consulting and outsourcing. In Financial Services, revenues dropped 5% in local currency primarily due to a decline in banking in EMEA. Given the challenges our financial services clients are facing, we saw some impact in the quarter due to industry consolidation and some clients are delaying decisions about starting new work, especially in consulting. Revenues in our products operating group increased 5% in local currency. On an industry level we saw relative strength in consumer goods and services and in our pharmaceutical practice. While retail and automotive faced challenges related to the economy’s impact on clients in those sectors. Public service grew revenues 12% in local currency driven by our business in North America. Clients in state and local governments in the US are seeking help with cost containment through shared services, IT consolidation and process improvement. Resources achieved 14% local currency growth. It was strong growth in natural resources across all geographic regions and in utilities in EMEA. Clients in chemicals, natural resources and energy are under pressure to cut cost and minimize debt, which is creating demand for outsourcing. Looking at the quarter from a geographic perspective, in the Americas, revenues declined 1% in US dollars, but grew 4% in local currency. Local currency growth in Brazil and the United States was partially offset by a decline in Canada. In EMEA, revenues decreased 13% in US dollars and grew 1% in local currency. We saw a strong local currency growth in Germany, the Netherlands and Denmark and declines in Spain, Ireland, France and Switzerland. In Asia-Pacific, revenues grew 10% in US dollars and 13% in local currency, reflecting continued expansion in Japan, Singapore and Australia. Finally, let me turn to a few operational items. New bookings for the quarter were $5.98 billion. This included consulting bookings of 3.14 billion and outsourcing bookings of 2.84 billion. Seven of our top-ten outsourcing bookings in the quarter were with existing clients, demonstrating the importance and strength of our deep client relationships. In terms of demand, our pipeline in consulting is currently holding steady despite the three factors affecting our consulting business, I mentioned at the outset. In outsourcing, market activity is as high as we have seen in the last six quarters and our pipeline has expanded. Turning to people management; managing supply and demand of our resources continues to be a top priority. As I have said many times, we have our hands on the operating levers of our business, including utilization, attrition and recruiting, giving us the flexibility to adjust quickly to changing conditions. We kept our utilization at 83% in Q2 and attrition dropped to 9%. We ended the quarter with global headcount of 181,000 people, and we continue to ensure that we have the right number of people and the right mix of skills in each of our markets. In closing, we were challenged at the top line, but had strong bottom line results in a very difficult economic environment. We have an ongoing scenario planning process and we continue to refine our scenarios and aggressively manage our business to be responsive to the market and to our clients needs. We remain focused on maximizing operational excellence and balancing profitable growth with investments for the future. With that let me turn the call back to Pam for our business outlook.
Pam Craig:  Thank you, Steve. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarter's revenue and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. And despite the very dynamic macro environment, we will continue to do so. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in a range of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion, which assumes a foreign currency drag of approximately 12%. As you all are well aware, currency movement continue to be quite volatile. This range reflects the March assumed rate of approximately negative 14%, and our latest assumption for currency movement for the quarter given that the US dollar is currently weakening. Now, turning to the full fiscal year. Before I get in to it, let me first state again how we are thinking about the impact of foreign exchange on our fiscal year results. When I spoke last quarter about the impact FX would have on our fiscal 2009 outlook, we assumed the negative 8% to negative 10% headwinds for the year based on exchange rates experienced during the month of December. At this time we have reset our annual outlook given the actual first half results, and our new assumption based on exchange rates experienced during the month of March so far. So, we therefore now assume the FX impact for the remaining two quarters of FY'09 to be negative 12%. This would result in a negative 9% drag for the full fiscal year, which has been factored into our annual outlook for bookings, earnings per share and cash flow. So, let me turn first to revenue. Although we have 6% local currency revenue growth year-to-date and our bookings have come through reasonably well, the wide spread global economic downturn is creating a general caution right now that is impacting our revenue growth. Based on what we see now, we are updating our fiscal year 2009 revenue growth outlook to zero to positive 4% in local currency. Let me next cover operating margin. We continue to expect operating margin in this fiscal year to be in a range of 13.4% to 13.7%. Taking into account the updated revenue growth outlook, we now expect new bookings to be in range of $23 billion to $25 billion, EPS to be in a range of $2.60 to $2.67 and operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.57 billion to $2.77 billion, property and equipment additions to be $315 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.25 billion to $2.45 billion. Finally we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 29% to 31%.  Our second quarter and year-to-date results reflect those of a well managed business in an environment that continues to become, our clients are dealing with challenges they have never seen before and we continue to be well positioned to help them successfully take on some of those challenges. Although the market conditions have impacted our projections for revenue growth, we are a global durable business to generate strong earnings and cash flow.  So, here is Bill to close, before we take your questions.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam and let me recap quickly before we go to your questions. Our second quarter results reflect our focus on operating discipline and rigorous execution. Despite very tough economic conditions worldwide we grew revenues in local currency, increased operating income and achieved a significant expansion in operating margin. We delivered solid EPS of $0.63, we generated strong cash flow and our balance sheet remains rock solid. We continue to win new clients, expand relationships with existing clients and gain market share. We remain committed to investing in our business and taking steps to put more distance between ourselves and our competitors. And we believe we are successfully navigating the economic downturn and that this will position us well, as conditions improve. Now, let’s go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Richard Clark: Thanks Bill. Now we will go to your questions, operator would you provide instructions for those on the call.
Operator: I will be glad to. (Operator Instructions). And one moment for the first question it is from Tien-Tsin Huang. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  Hi, can you hear me?
Pam Craig:  Yes, Tien-Tsin, hello.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Hi. I have a bunch of questions, I guess I will start with the impact that pricing might be having on revenues and bookings as well. I have been hearing a lot about pricing, it sounds like conversion of the pipeline and bookings having some influence on organic growth, but just curious if pricing is also having any impact as well?
Steve Rohleder: 
 :
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  Any way to quantify some of the impact? 
Steve Rohleder:  Quantify in terms of what?
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: In terms of just revenue impact or just percent of change from what you have been seeing?
Steve Rohleder: No, not from a revenue standpoint Tien-Tsin, but from a profitability standpoint I would tell you that we are actually slightly ahead of the contract controllable income targets we set which obviously pricing impact. So slightly ahead through Q2.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay good, I will just sneak in one more quick one, just GDN headcount, it sounded like it was down, what's driving that I guess the overall was down as well.
Steve Rohleder: Yes, we have had some personnel actions and in parts of the GDN it's spread out across most of the nodes of the network, but it basically mirrors what we are seeing in terms of the demand for offshore services. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Got it. Thank you. I will jump back in the queue. 
Steve Rohleder: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Jason Kupferberg with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Thanks and good afternoon. So the year is half over now you guys still have a 4.0 range here in your revenue growth outlook for the year. So I wanted to get a sense from a visibility standpoint. Has the decline been more in terms of the pace of contract ramps or is it on the potential for new wins or is this more reflective of project cancellations that you are seeing on a year-to-date basis of the bookings as was pointed out has held us reasonably well. So, maybe if you can kind of parse out where the visibility has declined resulting in a still fairly wide range with two quarters left of the outcome.  
Bill Green: Yes, this is Bill. We talked about this in length for last few days, and yes at the end of the day our visibility isn’t any different than it's been but our predictability is not as good as it used to be. And I think this thing that Steve mentioned in his remarks about sort of three things that impacted the operations. The difference between December and January was profound. When people came back to work after the holiday in January and things just slowed down. If you would look at what happened from mid-December through the beginning of January as it relates to the economy it was very profound and there is a whole life going on this, people came back to work, people just took a pause and the pause that had been I think what we described last time was during the headlights became sort of an institutional thing as everybody said they are uncertain about what direction the economy was going to go in.  And one of the comments Steve made is, some of our clients they don’t even have their '09 budgets finalized yet. So, if you think about that, really what we are trying to account for here is that, that just the plain uncertainty. The work has not gone anywhere. There is a lot of things to do there, there some people have laundry list of things they have to get at. But people are just very uncertain out there it was really a January, February phenomena and it's uncertain sitting here right now to know how that's going to fall and play out and that's really the reason for the range that we put in there just because the client environment is just so unpredictable on a global and on a industry-by-industry basis. And we do not want to be surprised again.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. So just interpreting that, does that mean that since March started I mean the financial market obviously it's about to get a bit better in recent week arguably since macro economic data points maybe been less bad if you will. But it sounds like that has not translated into any kind of hiccup in decision making or spending at all?
Bill Green: Well, no I mean frankly if you sit back from it every industry is different as people look at the effects. And whether their leaders are laggards and how it works and all the little signals that we see that may be positive. People have not taken them to the bank yet. And so I think that's a reason that we are cautious, but let me let Pam add in a little to your original question.
Pam Craig :  I will just add that, Jason that the contracted revenue that we have i.e. in our backlog vis-à-vis our outlook that's very comfortable to what we have in the past. The pipeline is also good. This predictability word really refers to the part that's not yet contracted and that's part is different now based on the historical patterns we had due to this pause that is still in effect.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay and just one last question on the balance sheet, obviously historically you guys have been pretty averse to any acquisition to start. And there is no debt here and you guys already do a fair amount of buybacks, obviously in ultimately low rate interest rate environment as well. So is it reasonable to believe that the board might consider a dividend increase this summer that might be more sizable than what we have seen in the past as another avenue to try and enhance shareholder returns here?
Pam Craig : We will be talking to the board as we always do. And as you know we have been granting an annual dividend. And so we will be doing that in the spring in the summer with the board. And stay tuned.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay we will do that. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein:  Hey guys I guess, Bill my main question is what was the real surprise here and I guess the last quarter the revenue guidance range was dropped by three points. And I think the impression that most investors had was that the low end of that range was buffered at some level because of risks related to the macro environment. Clearly things have gotten worse since the last time you guys gave guidance. But I think a lot of people were under the impression that, that was somewhat accounted for. And so clearly there was a surprise, was it cancellations that was the big surprise or was it just delays on starting new things. Can you pinpoint what the main surprise was relative to what you guys had in your last forecast?
Bill Green: Yeah, I guess I would break it up this way and then try to fill in all the holes, Steve can fill in some of them. I think if you go back and I would tell you, just to be perfectly blunt about it, I was shocked at the difference between January and December. December was a very good month, frankly. The difference between, you know, December and January, and if you have talked to companies across industries, you will find this out by talking to everybody. It was profound. And then in our space, one of the things that this whole notion of small extensions and add-ons, they just normally come through, 3, 4 or $500 million a quarter. They are just kind of just natural byproduct of the work that we do. As we crossed over the line into the New Year, just those natural things that come every quarter consistently and which are, you know, in some ways below the radar, I mean, it just happens. Those things just stop, right? And if you think about the fact that some people have not finalized their '09 budget, you could understand why those things just stopped. We did have some impact on cancellations. Our cancellations were really related to industry consolidations in one industry. And that's self evident. You guys know the industry, you guys know who the clients are, and you know some of the clients that we had last year do not exist anymore. And so, the only cancellations we had were really focused on those. But they were not an insignificant amount if you stand back and look at it. And then, I just think, you know, the other thing that we look at is, people are looking for help, right? This whole notion of can-you-help-me reduce the run-rate on this project. So, I can, stretch and see like how my year is going to turn out. You know, it became the '09 phenomena, and the all that stuff just happened, I think, it was people's memo model study. We get '08 behind us and as soon as people got into '09, I think they said, we do not see '09 being much better and in fact, it may be worse.
 : And as we crossed into '09, everyone decided, you don't get any points for initiating any new project in the middle of challenging economic times, so there has been slowdown in converting pipeline to revenue, particularly in the consulting type of work which is the stuff that converts within a month from pipeline to revenue, so those are the things that happened that frankly were surprise to me.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  All right, I guess the question is to follow on with that. Your quarter ended in February; a lot of other companies are ending in March. Clearly, January and February had a lot of issues a lot of your clients were laying people off and so on. As things started to improve a bit in terms of the decision, speed and so on in the month of March or it really too early to make a call on that?
Bill Green:  I think it's a little early. I think what has happened in March, as people are getting their minds around, how they are going to play the hand for '09, right? Because there have been personnel actions in most large companies. And so people are kind of recasting their '09 operating plans, their budget and where they think the year is going to come out. They are reexamining the priorities of their initiatives and the work. Some of this demand, some of this drive in activity around outsourcing has come out of, what are the actions they are going to take to get there, economic house in order for '09, and so I think what we see in March is really kind of okay, like now we have a sense for the hand, where we are going to need to play, let's figure out how we are going to operate our business and we are in there, side-by-side where these folks trying to help them work through that, but that's sort of how we see March. And I think, we will see in April and May if the things break loose in a more meaningful way or not.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  All right, and then final thing, I mean, just ends on a note, switching to cash flow. Given the magnitude of the down revision to your revenue outlook, it's interesting that your free cash flow outlook is still in that $2.4 billion range. Why the confidence in the cash flow range when the revenue outlook is changing a lot more, are you doing something with DSOs or other working capital items to be able to bolster the free cash flow in this kind of an environment?
Bill Green:  Well, I'll let Pam give you the cash flow stuff, but let me just give you this context. We mentioned last quarter, and frankly we have for six quarters that we had done scenario planning around our business as it related to the uncertainty of the economic environment. And certainly we had quarters there, where we haven't seen any effect at it, but those scenarios have been in place and underway, we have been executing against them and those scenarios are designed to preserve the economic results of the company on behalf of the shareholders. And so what you see on EPS and what you see in cash flow is about those things having been undertaken and underway. And so when we stand back from it, we look at our business and we say, how are we going to solve for the best economic outcome that delivers the results, the best results we can today, and continues to position us for strength as the market improve and that's how we get to those results.
 :
Pam Craig: Cash flow?
Bill Green:  Cash flow.
Pam Craig: Right, we did actually bring the cash flow outlook down, we had at last quarter 2.4, to 2.6, we brought it down to 2.25 to 2.45. It does reflect slightly lower CapEx. And if you apply that 9% currency drag for the year, it represents zero to 8% growth in local currency, so I think it's pretty inline with revenues with a little upside.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  Well, the reason I am asking that in this environment where client to scare to make decisions. They often ask for working capital help to get deal started, and competitors tend to get lured into that and it sounds like you guys are basically saying you are going to hold the line on your working capital discipline and that's not going to be a problem for you over the next few quarters and trying to sign deals.
Pam Craig: That number reflects a little bit uptick in our DSOs is up 33 now, and so we do have factored in there that it could creep up a bit. But to your question, we are continuing a pretty rigors capital committee process and considering risk very carefully and we don't expect a big change in that, because that would not be good business generally speaking.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  All right, thanks guys.
Bill Green: Thanks, Rod.
Operator: And the next question is from Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. First question is for Pam, around the consulting bookings and outsourcing booking outlook for the. Are you still expecting your mix to be in the 60, 40 area, or given the slightly is in consulting in our performance and in outsourcing if I going to see that shift a bit throughout the year?
Pam Craig:  Well, I mean it may shift temporarily I guess, based on the way things are going right now, but we don’t expect this to be something that would necessarily continue. And the book-to-bills in the quarter were within our expected range about 1 for consulting and 1.3 for outsourcing. So, there is this phenomenon going on right now, but nonetheless we don’t expect it to be a permanent change.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And for Steve you mentioned in the systems integration bucket, there were some weaknesses around the large scale custom work. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color as to exactly what the nature of that work is and is there any particular vertical or geographic region. And what's going to hopefully saw that particular side of the business going forward.
Steve Rohleder:  Well just to answer the last part first, I think if you had to narrow it down to the largest contributor, so would be the US and the UK, it would be financial services, CHT and products, all three hit about equally frankly with a dip in SI work. You didn't ask about the ERP stuff, but let me throw that on the pile, when I talked about the three items impacting the systems integration or consulting business, basically this de-scoping or reduction in the run rate has happened on some of our ERP things too, specifically in the SAP area. So, clients are less prone now to tackle a global SAP five-year program. They are breaking out into smaller chunks and they are looking at what they have got on the table right now and seeing how they can either de-scope a little bit of it temporarily or bring their people in to reduce some of the cost. So, all of that kind of is in the mix impacting SI. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and just lastly on the UK and the financial services business there. When do you expect if you can say at this point in time when you will see some stabilization around that vertical in that region given some of the efforts you put in there with the past couple of quarters?
Steve Rohleder: Well obviously some of that will depend on how the market and the business comes back in financial services in that area, but we have got a program in place. We have it now in place for roughly a quarter and a half. I think last quarter I alluded to the fact this was going to be a multi-quarter journey to reconnect to our clients, to reinvest in our business and grow the footprint that we have in the UK. It’s on-track. I like the progress we are making, but it is heavy lifting and we are going to continue to focus on it. We saw some progress this quarter Tim and we have got some specific outcomes and metrics tried to progress quarter-by -quarter but it is going to be a longer journey. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay, thank you. 
Steve Rohleder: You bet.  
Operator: And the next question is from Mr. George Price with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. First thing, just financial services the only one to see margins go below 10% so pretty significant drop off. What was going on there, was that clearly the impact of some of the cancellations that you have referenced in terms of M&A, were there any project execution issues. Is there any impact coming from the political environment and then TARP and outsourcing, you can maybe give a little color there?
Bill Green: Just you can imagine the industry still is incredibly volatile, but that said I would tell you that the real challenge was around the revenue hold that was created through the consolidation of the industry. I mean that was the largest chunk of that drop. So, when your revenues dropped your corresponding profitability drops. We also have invested a little bit more aggressively in sales in the quarter and we did have a few not a lot but few delivery inefficiencies that all together impacted that number. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:   And just following-up on that, so you mentioned M&A, I mean in the past M&A has been actually a source of demand for your services not only on the business consulting side but on the SI side. Is that no longer the case, is that changing and why?  
Bill Green:   As it relates to financial services, we have 17 projects underway in the M&A space right now. So, was that your question George around that specific vertical?
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  No, I mean you are just unless I am mishearing you, misunderstanding you, you are saying M&A as something that contributed to revenue whole, right. And as I understand it, M&A broadly at least has been an area where you got more demand for your services. Right? 
Bill Green: Let me give you a little color on that. You have one cancellation of long-term contract. That thing is bigger than 15 front end merger integration projects. So, when you just look at total revenue, right, that's the impact the thing has. So, the thing that impacted us in the quarter was somebody's big consolidations and some stuff going away that was upsize, long-term revenue stream relationships with companies that don’t exist anymore. Now we countered to that is we do all of these post-merger integration planning things and initiatives out there. Now those things will turn in from sort of vision and architect, trying to bring the companies together to designing and building how they are going to operate together to a series of long term revenue relationships and a bunch of new clients. But right now we have, the industry is in just a dramatic transition from where it was to where it is and the question for us is. Can you jump over that? And so what has happened in there, there is some stuff that's winding down because of the consolidation. And there is a bunch of things that are picking up, but it’s at the very front end and it will take time, six months before that’s meaningful design and build work in 12 months or more before its meaningful long term revenue relationships for the next five years. So that's kind of, what we are in the middle of in financial services. The merger and integration opportunities are like gold, they are just absolutely primal assignments. But we are suffering from historic consolidation of legacy companies and legacy relationships that hit us this quarter.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay fair enough. Just wanted to shift to outsourcing demand I think we have certainly picked up from a lot of different places and you have supported that demand to cut cost is definitely picked up, people are looking for outsourcing. Is the decision, is it intuitive to say that the decision making here is better than overall and are there certain areas in particular, certain types of outsourcing areas in particular that are moving, way the decision making is moving the quickest.
Bill Green: The faster you can deliver them savings the faster they will make decisions. I mean straight up. In consulting a few of '09 projects to deliver '09 benefits, you are good to go right put on the, strap on the tool belt and jump in. And in outsourcing, people are looking at the things that are going to get, not long-term journeys, right? Nobody wants to go on a journey. What people want to do is to get something that shows up in their economics this year. And so the things that certain BPO areas like finance and performance management, where you can really take 20% to 30%, 40% out of the cost, pretty short order. There is lots of activity around that, as well as the ability to sort of lift, you know, any all kind of work. And so, those things, there is a lot of buzz around because people can do the math and see that they get near-term benefits and they can build it into their economic models.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  If I can just, ask one more around outsourcing. You mentioned that there is some activity, particularly, on the government side in US state and local. It is curious what you are seeing moving around there. Is it mainly in areas that are, you know, supported by stimulus spending or do you have any thoughts there? Thank you.
Bill Green:  No, I do not think the stimulus money is going to flow down to the states for another 6 to 12 months. They have got to kind of sort their stocks and figure out where it is going to be spent. But the interest at the state and local level, George, is really around shared services and in an environment where a lot of state agencies have operated silos and are under incredible budgetary pressure. They have now started to look at how we share services and cut cost immediately to make the next budgetary cycle. So that is driving a lot of it. There is also some IT infrastructure consolidation that is happening to drive down cost. So, both of those are probably the primary areas.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And the next question is from Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Yeah hi sounds like since this integration fell off the cliff, like management consulting held up pretty well, is that right? And why do you think or do you think that management consulting will continue to hold up?
Bill Green: But I think if you stand back, management consulting held in there, I think people always think it’s the most gradual but in many ways its not. It depends on what it is you are doing and we have these things that we have talked about last few quarters and Steve mentioned in his remarks about sweet initiatives and the imperatives to make change happen and these things are around how do you keep your customers when everyone is going at them. How do you optimize the supply chain and how do you drive better performance out of the core part of the business? And so those things how though the nature of the project is small and they were ultimately lead to longer term sort of projects around the structure and operating model. That’s where the demand comes from, but its all about business case proposition that make sense and an economic outcome that’s going to improve, improve the company. System integration is sort of just people keep turning the crank and keep doing more things and doing more enhancements and extending certain things. It’s a much easier thing to dial back, the speed on. And so that is what happened in system integration. So the story is very different in the two places. Consulting as long as you are relevant and you are on the mark in terms of something that’s zeroing right in. There is plenty of activity and plenty of people looking for help. You just got to have a great value proposition.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay, and does the guidance take into consideration, any weakness in the management consulting business or expected to kind of hold along?
Bill Green: I not, I guess I had say that there is a thousand moving parts in the consulting business. And I think it's about how do you make it hold the line and you make it hold the line by being very proactive. By being grateful for the long-term relationships you have, and how to bring new products and services to the clients you already have, and how do you get out there and make sure you are focusing on the things that are on the top of mind for the C-level executives, and that is all around costs and customers for the most part. So, that's where we thought. We think if we do that, then we have evidence that we can, it's hard work, I be perfectly honest about it, because people would prefer not to spend money, but they will spend money if they have a value proposition that pays back within their life expectantly, hopefully '09.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Okay, and then just looking at the consulting line, the revenues overall with 9% constant currency last quarter, 1% this quarter. Looking at the third quarter guidance, it almost looks like it's going to be down double-digits negative in the third quarter. Is there any way to help us with the magnitude of how far consulting can go in the wrong direction?
Bill Green:  The magnitude how far it will go in.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Yeah.
Bill Green:  Let me just pull.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  One of the problems is visibility and you guys are talking about visibility and predictability. But one of the things that people are struggling with there is, now there seems like, and I know people are going to say there is no visibility in the consulting business, so how do you have any idea, how do you even guide in the consulting and you even have guided correctly for this?
Pam Craig:  Well, what we have done with the consulting, if it is high-single to low-double negative next quarter is what we are expecting at this point, and we do have some visibility based on bookings and pipeline et, cetera, and so we have tried to tell you what is our best look at this moment.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then just last question, Pam on the operating margin guidance. Looks like you guys are still expecting the expansion of 50 to 80 basis points. Can you talk about some of the levers you are doing and, in particular are you cutting down on comp and bonuses in order to hit those targets?
Pam Craig:  Well, we started out the year with strong operating margin, as you know. And you look a year-to-date basis, we are about 110 basis point ahead of last year. So we are expecting some moderation in that as we go forward, but still have good expansion, which is really about managing the business we have, because a lot of the things that we put in place this year, we have been planning to deliver, particularly in the contract profitability. There is very little impact in comp when it comes to annual bonus, as you know we don't discuss it, but as you also know from the standpoint of, it's very aligned with shareholder interest, because when we deliver well against plan, we accrue it. And if we are less well against plan then we don't accrue as much.
Bill Green: Yeah, Bryan. Let me just give you a little bit more context to build on what Pam said about the levers there. And we did start and we talked about last quarter a journey on reducing our cost to serve. When Pam talked about contract profitability that really impacts it, we go contract-by-contract looking at how we can reduce the payroll cost and the overall cost to the contract to improve profitability quarter-by-quarter. We also have a number of actions underway in the G&A area, that we will continue the rest of the year in the procurement area, and we have gone back to all of our top suppliers, we got almost a 20% reduction in our internal contractor cost as a result of that. We've been putting in collaboration technology over the last 12 months, and we have seen about 16% decrease in our travel cost and we continue to move our corporate functions to lower cost locations and we have got specific targets that we have set there. We saw about 120 basis point improvement there, so they are very specific actions to build on what Pam said that we have got underway and we are going to continue to press.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Okay. It sounds like you are committed to that operating margin, and I guess the question would be if things got even worse than what you are guiding to today, is there still leverage that you can use to keep the margins where they are at?
Pam Craig:  Yes.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator:  And our next question is from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Hey, guys.
Pam Craig: Hi, Julio.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Sorry about that. Just to maybe setback a little bit and I want to ask Bill this question directly about, how is the model holding up kind of looking at last cycle versus this cycle, more outsourcing, more offshore the whole global delivery network, everything that you guys have done to reposition yourselves. How do you think you guys are holding up and as you guys go through this part of the cycle at this point, just your sense on what you guys are seeing so far and how things are holding up here?
Bill Green:  Well, I think we are holding up exceptionally well. I mean we have gone deep in to the cycle without getting it [ding]. Now it's not just by doing the same old thing, I mean we have been working hard to do that, but if you stand back and look, we have gone deep in to this cycle without the thing impacting us. And what happened in the last several months it has just been profound. And so we have a series of impacts, we are lucky to have the outsourcing capability we have. We have got seasoning maturity team, we can put propositions under table. We've got, been there done that experience, we connect our client prospects in the US through video to our teams in India and Manila and all that and they can like touch it and feel it and see it. We didn't have any of that stuff before. The global delivery network continues to be an incredible weapon. I would tell you that our consulting skills, our offerings are much sharper than they were and frankly you know we are better warriors, in terms of the nature of the environment we are operating in. That said this is nothing like the last downturn and it's simply not because this effects every single. If you trace this how it impacts every industry and every company where as the last one we had industries that were just totally [unscathed by it]. So, it’s very different in that sense.  I would tell you that with lot of the things that we have done in the last five years are serving us very well right now and they have and I think the other thing that we look at is as this things comes roaring back, because what I said this work doesn’t go anywhere, this is stuff that people have to do. And as a result it’s just about having the right propositions and us recognizing to an earlier question, we are not going to be a bank and we don’t need to be one. What we need to be is exceptionally good at what we do and have propositions that we put in front of the clients. And we still in the environment we were in sold $6 billion worth of stuff. So I mean if you just sort of step back from them and say there is a lot of people in our industry and certainly in other industries that would have only sold $3 billion worth of stuff.  So, we think we are doing a pretty damn good job in this environment. We think the bookings number is good. It could have been better. We are going to continue to try to drive it better, but at the end of the day a lot of stuff is working. But what we have been through in the last several months it’s just something that frankly we have never seen before, and the question to us is simple, it’s how quickly we realign with the realities of the market that’s the stuff we do every single day around here..
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Got it. That's great. And then maybe if I can pin on Pam back on the question, I think Brian was just asking about what was left, assuming you see the downside scenario of your new numbers here into fiscal '09. I mean what specifically could you do, would you have to do to hold that margin target that's the low end of that 13.4% or so?
Pam Craig: I mean it's all the viewers that Steve talked about, I mean there is nothing like tricky in there right, it's just managing the business, but we went through yesterday and preparing for this call and I am confident that we have them. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And just any example, I mean just to put some context on that? I mean what, is it utilization, is it recruiting, I mean is it all of the above, I am just trying to get a sense of where you would have the most effect on the business. 
Pam Craig: Well, those are right. Those are absolutely all the time things we were looking at in terms of managing supply and demand. So, those are all things we are doing and expect to continue to do. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then as we look at the July timeframe and we heard about this a couple of days ago and question came up already about the dividend as well. The thought process for how much cash you guys are going to need. Every year you guys are generating $2 billion plus even in this environment, you have lot of cash on the balance sheet. Why not take a much stronger position on that going forward to get the kind of returns I think investors are looking for here with something closer to 5% range or something along those lines. I mean that's equivalent to about $1.2 billion or so in spending for you guys?
Pam Craig: We thank you for your opinion on that and we will be talking to the Board about that as I said. And it is notable that July '09 is our eight year anniversary of being a public company and all of the founders who have unrestricted shares at that point, so we expect to consider this issue very carefully?
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just lastly on the connection between the bookings at trailing 12 months in the revenues, just to make sure, I know that we all kind of get caught up on reported versus cost of currency and all of that stuff. But as the revenues fall through and may be Steve, if you can just chime on this one. When you guys have trailing 12-months booking or you have an actual bookings announcement that you have for the quarter. The part that could actually get turned off, delayed, pushed out versus the stuff that's actually contracted and will come on. Is there a sense on how much of that would be in and out of kind of a quarter if you think about it over course of the year. 
Steve Rohleder: Yes, we have looked at it and we have looked at it from both an outsourcing and consulting standpoint, because I wanted to see who we are, there was a trend out there. And what we have seen is a slight increase in the amount of revenue that’s getting pushed out into the out years. I think that its still early days on that and I wouldn’t characterize that as a systemic thing. But it is something we are watching because to your point it has some impact in the current quarter revenues and it impacts our guidance as well. But we saw a slight movement to the right and by that I mean in the next fiscal year and beyond in terms of both consulting and outsourcing bookings as we put them in but nothing widespread yet. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Alright guys thanks a lot, Congratulations. Good luck. 
Richard Clark: Operator, we have time for one more. 
Operator: And that question will be from [Ian Sawyer] with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Ian Sawyer - Wachovia: Great thanks. Pam did you have any further additions to your bad debt reserve. 
Pam Craig :  Very immaterial amount, so nothing significant at all, otherwise I would have told you about it. There has really been no change in the thing this quarter. 
Ian Sawyer - Wachovia: And Bill, I saw you at the Business Round Table event, where the President spoke and I was just wondering if you gained an insight into the administration's position on offshoring. And what that means to the industry and Accenture, especially since you keep hearing about anti-offshoring letter coming from Congress these days?
Bill Green: Well, there is plenty of read and written on just about every dimension. These guys don't like me I don't like you guys to let me talk politics here. So, may be, I will just admit to that straight up. No, I think, you know, there is a tough climate out there, right for business. I mean, just you guys know it, right? We know it. It is just a tough place to be. And everyone hooked in and every business is trying to sort through. If you are in healthcare, you are trying to sort through. What do you think is going to happen there? If you are in the infrastructure products and services, if you are making heavy equipment, you are trying to sort that through. You are trying to figure out the stimulus thing, you know, the whole deal. I think, at the end of the day, rational thinking is going to prevail. Globalization is here to stay. We might have some protectionist instincts and countries around the world might do that as they wrestle with the climate. But, globalization is here to stay  People sourcing different services, products or services from around the world, is here to stay in the biggest companies, in every country in the world. And I think, at the end of the day, it is going to be about, how do you get the country's productivity back and how do we make sure companies here can compete on the global stage. And I think, once we get it done through the [red direct] and the showmanship and the all the fun down there, people are going to get back to what really matters which is, you know, a healthy country is because of healthy companies. And I think, you know, business needs to represent itself in terms of its role in the economy and we need to do that with a great deal of pride and make sure people do not lose sight of the thousands and thousands of businesses out there that give people good jobs and make this economy go. And many of them are clients of Accenture and so we work closely with them to make sure, we can do everything we can do to influence the economy getting back on its feet. It’s a just as easy as that.
Ian Sawyer - Wachovia: But have you seen any delays or changes to where companies are looking to offshore, there are, they work through the weather?
Bill Green: No I, there is more activity around outsourcing and outsourcing whether that involves leveraging offshore or not there is more activity around in the sourcing things you used to do inside, outside regardless of the redirect because people have to solve for competitiveness, people have to solve for economic results. And there is proven ways to do that and leveraging capabilities from offshore happens to be one of them and I have not seen anyone, not one company look the other way from that over this period of time.
Ian Sawyer - Wachovia: Great, thanks.
Bill Green: Let me just wrap it up then with a couple of things in closing. We had a very respectable quarter. I feel very strongly about that, I was pleased with our bookings, I was pleased with the profits we drove I am pleased with the cash we put there and we do that in pretty volatile economic environment. And we do that because we run the tight shift. Its just plain and simple and at the same time. We also focus and never loose side of our long leadership and growth because we know that the actions we take today are going to make a difference to make today happen, but they are also going make us the hell of a lot better in making tomorrow happen. We have updated our business outlook to reflect our very best insights and then we tune our business driving profitable results today and also build the strength and platform for the market recovery. We are grateful to have great client relationships, outstanding people, a powerful brand and confidence in our business. We are staying close to our clients working harder than ever to generate ideas and solutions that help them address the challenges they face. And while we do that we are managing our business with discipline and with diligence, in a word managing it for high performance. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to talking with you again in June.
Operator:  Ladies and gentleman, this conference will be available for replay today after 7:00 pm Eastern Time through April 9th at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 990690. International participants can dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 990690. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-12-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Green - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Pam Craig - Chief Financial Officer Steve Rohleder - Chief Operating Officer Richard Clark - Managing Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Jason Kupferberg - UBS George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse David Grossman - Thomas Weisel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture’s first quarter and full-year fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Richard Clark; please go ahead.
Richard Clark: Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I’m Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results, Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2009 and Bill will close the presentation before we take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call, we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss in this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now, let me turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you Richard and thanks everyone for joining us today. We had a strong first quarter and are off to a good start for our fiscal year 2009. In the face of a very uncertain market for everyone, we not only delivered strong revenue growth, but we brought it right to the bottom line. We are seeing changing demand patterns, but overall the market for Accenture services is a very active and we are very positive about the business broadly. From the way we’re managing and executing to the game changing opportunities that we are engaged in right now. Here are some highlights from the quarter. We delivered strong revenues of $6 billion, an increase of 9% in local currency, which is a considerable accomplishment in this market. We grew EPS by 24%. We expanded operating margin by 70 basis points, reflecting our focus on operating discipline and strict cost management. We delivered bookings of $5.8 billion with consulting bookings, a strong $3.6 billion.  In addition throughout the quarter, we continue to invest in our business, skills, assets, and offerings and we continue to attract new clients and gain market share. We have shown the flexibility to respond quickly in this market. Our operating model makes us nimble, so we can focus our resources where they’re needed and efficiently manage supply and demand. We are working with clients across a wide spectrum of assignments; from improvements in quality, cost, suite, and customer service to in that strategic direction; from begin at the core of the transformation of our clients operating models to being at the core of the reinvention of entire industries. We are executing well, we are focused on results, and we’re determined to win. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Pam, who will provide more detail on our financials.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill. Happy Holiday’s to you all and thanks for listening today. I’m pleased to tell you more about our excellent results in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Despite the challenging macro environment, we produced strong revenues, operating margin, cash flow, and earnings.  Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are US GAAP, except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. Net revenues for the first quarter were $6 billion, an increase of 6% in US dollars and 9% in local currency over the period last year. We had solid revenue generation for the quarter coming in at the low end of our previous guided full year range of 9% to 12%. I should note that Q1 net revenues reflected a foreign exchange impact of negative 3%.  Our previously guided range of $6.15 billion to $6.35 billion assumed an FX impact of negative 1% to positive 1%. If we adjust for the actual FX impact, our guided range for the quarter would have been $5.9 billion to $6.2 billion. Our revenues of $6.0 billion were solidly in this range. Consulting revenues were $3.7 billion, an increase of 6% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.4 billion, an increase of 7% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 31.4% up from 30.1%, a 130 basis point improvement over last year’s first quarter. SG&A cost for the first quarter were $1.1 billion or 17.8% of net revenues, compared with $970 million or 17.1% of net revenues for the first quarter last year. Operating income for the quarter increased 12% to $815 million, reflecting a 13.5% operating margin. That is a 70 basis point improvement over last year’s first quarter. I am very pleased with how we delivered operating margin this quarter compared to last year, so let me provide some detail. First, we droved a 130 basis point expansion in gross margin by improving contract’s profitability and at the same time absorbing the annual salary increases we put in place September 1; this was an outstanding result. Second, sales and marketing costs increased approximately 20 basis points compared to Q1 of last year. We were also pleased with this result as we continued to drive new bookings and qualify new opportunities coming into the pipeline. Lastly, general and administrative expenses for the quarter were 8.4% of net revenues. Included in G&A costs for this quarter was a provision we made for bad debt of $72 million, a 120 basis point impact. We booked this provision because we felt it was prudent, given the uncertainty in the current environment. Without it, G&A expenses for the quarter would have been 7.2% of net revenues. Absent to bad debt provision, SG&A would have improved by 50 basis points. G&A would have improved by 70 basis points and operating margins would have improved by 190 basis points over last year’s first quarter. This is a clear indication that we are showing discipline in managing our costs in both local currency and US dollars to drive profitability in our business. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.6%, below our previously guided annual range of 30% to 32%. Final determinations reduced our tax rate in the quarter by approximately 4% and provided a benefit of $0.04 to earning per share. Income before minority interest for the quarter was $593 million, compared with $506 million for the first quarter last year, an increase of 17%. Diluted earning per share was $0.74, an increase of 24% over diluted EPS of $0.60 in the first quarter of last year. We delivered an increase of $0.20 or 33% growth from strong operating performance, including $0.08 from revenue and operating income growth in local currency; $0.08 from a lower tax rate, including the $0.04 I just mentioned; and $0.04 from a lower share account. This was partially offset by a total of $0.06 comprising $0.04 due to lower non-operating items including lower interest income and $0.02 unfavorable FX impact in our Q1 operating results compared to last year. So, the earnings performance is quite outstanding, given that EPS rose $0.14 or 24% despite the headwinds in non-operating type items. Now, let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was very strong, $396 million, resulting from cash generated by operating activities of $468 million, net of property and equipment additions of $72 million. First quarter free cash flow was driven by our strong net income performance and holding the line on DSOs. Turning to DSOs, our Days services outstanding were 36 days, down one day from the last quarter in fiscal 2008. The bad debt reserve I previously mentioned reduced DSOs by about a day. So, with flat DSOs in this environment, we continue to believe that are DSO levels are strong in the industry leading. Our total cash balance in November 30 of $2.78 billion versus $3.60 billion at the end of August, reflects a $300 million reduction due to foreign exchange translation on the cash balances we hold around the world. In addition, our strong free cash flow I just mentioned was more than offset this quarter by the cash we returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We continue to invest our cash conservatively in liquid overnight time deposits and US Treasury repurchase agreements.  Total debt at November 30 was $2 million, compared to $8 million at August 31. Our balance sheet metrics remain strong. For the first quarter, our return on invested capital was 84%, our return on equity was 85%, and our return on assets was 21%. Before I turn things over to Steve, I will comment on our ongoing objective to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. During the quarter, we repurchased or redeemed $21.8 million shares for $690 million, including $431 million for approximately $14 million share repurchase in the open market.  The average price of shares repurchased and redeemed in the quarter was $31.62 a shares. We increased the level of open market repurchases as there with lower selling demand by our founders and we found the market prices to be attractive. At November 30, we had $1.9 billion of share repurchases authority remaining.  Also in November, we paid our fourth annual cash dividend to Accenture Limited Class A and Accenture SCA Class I common shareholders. The dividend payment of $0.50 per share was $0.08 more than the dividend we paid last year, representing an increase of 19% for a total of $378 million. Finally, let me comment on the size of our public float. Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation, our public float at the end of quarter was approximately 75%, which excludes all outstanding founder shares. In sum, it was a well-executed quarter, I’m very pleased with the hard work and focus that our people collectively demonstrated in driving such strong results. Now, Steve will give you some more detail on our operations.
Steve Rohleder: Thanks Pam. Hi everyone and thanks for joining us today. We delivered strong first quarter results reflecting our continued ability to drive demand for our business, as well as strong operating discipline. Let me first take you through some of the highlights for the operating groups in geographic regions, then I’ll cover some of the trends we’re seeing in our growth platforms and update a few of our operational metrics. All five operating groups achieved revenue growth in local currency. Resources had the highest overall growth, 16% in US dollar, and 20% in local currency, driven by strong consulting growth across all geographic regions in natural resources, utilities, and energy. We also saw solid outsourcing growth in the Americas in utilities, chemicals, and natural resources. Our public service operating group grew revenues by 7% in US dollar and 11% in local currency. Last quarter I mentioned that we were focusing on improving profitability in Public Service and I’m pleased to report that we saw sequential up-tick in Q1 with growth in both operating income and improved operating margin. I know there is a continued interest in our financial services business and in Q1 financial services revenues were flat in US dollars, but increased 2% in local currency.  We delivered solid growth in both Insurance and Banking in the Americas and Asia Pacific. While we did experienced slower overall growth in past quarters, we’re fortunate that many of our key clients are playing a major role and reshaping the industry. This in turn is driving continued demand for our services around mergers and acquisitions, cost reduction and finance transformation. Looking at the quarter from a geographic perspective, Q1 revenues in the Americas grew 11% in US dollars and 12% in local currency, with strong growth in the U.S. and Brazil. In EMEA, revenues were flat in US dollars, but grew 4% in local currency. We had strong growth in the Netherlands with growth moderating in France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. Growth in EMEA was negatively affected by decline in the U.K. We have a number of initiatives in place to improve our U.K. performance, but expect it will take the remainder of the fiscal year to see the full effect of these initiatives. Once again, Asia Pacific turned in outstanding results, with revenue growth of 22% in US dollars and 25% in local currency, led by Japan, Singapore, and China. Turning to our growth platforms, we’re seeing demand in a number of areas, but I’d like to highlight three that are particularly relevant in today’s business environment: operational excellence, rapid and sustained cost management, and M&A execution. Let me tell you how these three trends are driving demand in our growth platforms. In management consulting, we’re helping clients develop and execute their strategies in order to drive new sources of growth, optimize processes and balance costs. The broad operational excellence trend is driving demand for finance and performance management and supply chain optimization, as well as for a new process and innovation performance service line. Clients are turning to outsourcing to meet the demand for rapid cost savings. I’m excited by the increased interest in BPO with an emphasis on back office cost improvement opportunities. In addition, demand for application outsourcing remained strong. In systems integration and technology, we’re seeing increased demand around services to improve IT effectiveness, as well as momentum in post merger integration across all operating groups and geographies. Finally, let me touch on a few operational metrics. We continue to expand the capabilities of our global delivery network, ending the quarter with 83,000 people, up 10% from the first quarter in 2008.  Bookings for the quarter were $5.8 billion and our investment in industry skills, assets, and differentiation continues to payoff as we achieved consulting bookings of $3.6 billion. This made Q1 our eight straight quarters of consulting bookings in excess of $3 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $2.2 billion, as you know our bookings vary from quarter-to-quarter and I’m exited by the increased interest and activity levels in outsourcing, as clients focus on immediate cost and service improvement opportunities. Now, let me turn to people management. We ended the quarter with more than 187,000 employees, an increase of 7% over Q1 last year. Utilization for the quarter was 83% and attrition was down significantly to 13%. Finally, I’d like to comment on three of our most important operational priorities. In this uncertain environment, managing supply and demand of our resources remains a top priority and we’ll continue to take steps to ensure that we have the proper balance of skills in each market. Second, we continue our focus on improving SG&A. Prior to Q1 we took a number of steps to ensure that our G&A cost did not out pace our revenue growth. I was extremely pleased that absent the provision for bad debt we saw a 50 basis point improvement in SG&A for the quarter. Third, we’re on a multi-year journey to improve our cost structure, including both labor and non-labor costs. We’re optimizing our mix of resources including subcontractors and continuing to consolidate major purchases through our procurement function. These actions will drive profitability regardless of the business environment. So, just to summarize we are off to a great start in fiscal ’09. We delivered strong revenue growth and outstanding bottom line results this quarter in a challenging economic environment. We have our hands on all of the operating levers of our business giving us the flexibility to adjust quickly to changing conditions and we continue to drive demand and see plenty of opportunity in the market. With that let me turn it back to Pam, for our business outlook.
Pamela Craig:  Thank you, Steve. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an outlook for the next quarters revenues and an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year and we will continue to do so. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.45 to $5.65 billion, which assumes a foreign exchange drag of approximately 8% to 10%. As you all are well aware, currency movements recently have been quite volatile. This range reflects December’s assumed rate of approximately negative 11% and our latest assumption for currency movement given that the US dollar is currently weakening. Now, turning to the full fiscal year, let me first give you the context of how we are thinking about the impact of FX on our full fiscal year results. When I spoke last quarter, about the impact foreign exchange would have on our fiscal 2009 outlook, we assumed a negative 2% to negative 4% headwind based on exchange rates experienced during the month of September. At this time, we have reset our annual outlook given the actual Q1 results and our new assumption based on exchange rates experienced during the month of December so far. So, we therefore now assume the FX impact for the remaining three quarters of fiscal year ’09 to be in the range of negative 8% to negative 10%, which as I just mentioned is also the range we are assuming for the second quarter. This current foreign exchange assumption has been factored into our outlook for bookings, earnings per share and cash flow. For some time now, we’ve communicated that our business can grow at 9% to 12% in local currency. We stated this last quarter and our management team continues to believe this and remains committed to driving the business to this goal. We continue to see strong demand for our services and feel good about the future business we see; however, given the uncertainty, our assessment of what is going on and the 9% local currency growth in the first quarter, we feel it is prudent to modestly adjust our fiscal year 2009 revenue outlook to 6% to 10% in local currency. Let me next cover operating margin. We now expect a further expansion of operating margin this fiscal year to a range of 13.4% to 13.7%, a 50 to 80 basis point expansion over the last year. We have done based on the strength of our Q1 results and our expectation that we will continue to effectively manage costs and contract profitability. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we have seen in the past. So, taking into account the different foreign exchange assumptions and the expected revenue growth for the fiscal year, we now expect new bookings to be in the range of $24 billion to $27 billion; we now expect earnings per share to be in a range of $2.78 to $2.85 and we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion; property and equipment additions to be $370 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. Finally, we now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 29% to 31%, a decrease of one percentage point from our previously communicated range.  Our first quarter results reflect those of a well-managed business in a highly dynamic environment. Our clients are facing challenges they have never seen before and I believe we are well positioned to help them successfully take on some of those challenges. We continue to focus on profitable growth and positioning for the future across our portfolio of businesses. So here is Bill to close, before we take your questions.
Bill Green: Thank you Pam and let me recap quickly before we go to your questions. First of all, we’re very pleased with our strong performance in the first quarter. We are closely managing the business as we said we would and we are executing well against our plans. Despite economic in FX headwinds, our consistent operating discipline, and our ability to adjust quickly to the market conditions enabled us to significantly improve operating margin and deliver a 24% increase in EPS. We generated strong cash flow and our balance sheet remains rock solid.  We continue to win new clients and to expand our relationship with existing clients. While we are closely monitoring the current environment, we continue to invest in the business and takes steps to put more distance between ourselves and our competitors. Our first quarter results clearly demonstrate both, our relative resistances to the economic turmoil and our tremendous operational discipline, which is not only helping us to navigate the downturn, but will also make as even stronger when market conditions improve. Now, let’s go ahead and open it up to your questions.
Operator:   (Operator Instruction) Your first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: I guess I’ll ask about the new outlook on local currency growth. Can you be a little bit more specific on what drove the decision to moderate that outlook and what might push you to the low end of the new outlook, because the results and the booking don’t seem to suggest you’re heading down the path to 6%, but I just want to make sure?
Bill Green : Yes, let me start. This is Bill and then I’ll have Pam to draft in. We’ve done a lot of sort of analysis and analytics behind all of this. I think as Pam said in her comments, the 9% in the first quarter was something that just made us want to be thoughtful and cautious. That said, if you stand back and look at it, we are driving our business and our operating groups are driving that business to our original range that we said. We continue to see a lot of activity in the marketplace although different activity and we’ve been in a very interesting quarter for us because we call it internally sort of the deer in the headlights quarter, where as the economy started to impact more and more companies, people took a pause and now we’re seeing that sort of break free, but we just thought in terms of being prudent and thoughtful that we’ll make that adjustment, but we continue to drive our business to actually our original range.
Pamela Craig: Yes, I’ll just add a little bit there just, I know you asked about the 6%. As you saw the first quarter came in at 9%. I would say that from what I thought it would be, that was just a little bit short, less than 1% short of what I was expecting and so given that 9%, given the continued uncertainty about the environment, the 6% really reflects that, right; that there’s just a little bit more than uncertainty in the medium term even though our visibility now, just like it was in the last quarter is very comparable to what it was last year in terms of before we’d look on our business.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, good. That seems prudent. Just a couple of quick housekeeping, your new bookings forecast, how much of that was influence by foreign currencies or anything unusual that you might want to expect in the February quarter booking given the recent volatility?
Pamela Craig:  The foreign currency drag in the bookings in the first quarter was about 4% versus last year. Is that’s your question?
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Right and then also prospectively for this new outlook, I’m assuming that’s also reflecting a similar currency impact as you called out on the revenue line?
Pamela Craig:  Yes, our bookings in terms of local currency in the 24 to 27 and if you do the 8% to 10% on that and factor in the first quarter, it’s roughly flat to 11%.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Last one from me, just again just anything unusual we should consider in the February quarter bookings based on what you’ve seeing so far? Thank you.
Pamela Craig: No, I mean we’ve seen good activity in December, but we don’t really comment about the next quarter until we get to February.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg - UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: I wanted to ask a question kind of following up on Tien-Tsin question. You guys tend to do a lot of rigorous bottom up and shaping your outlook by vertical, by geography etc and so the softening of the constant currency outlook, can you attributed to anyone geography of vertical or service line more than other and any color there?
Steve Rohleder: No, Jason this is Steve. No, I wouldn’t say we’d attribute to any single vertical or line of business that we have as Pam said. Once we looked at the entire portfolio of businesses we felt like it was prudent to adjust. With that said to what we’re seeing, the one area that I’m excited about and you didn’t ask about bookings and outsourcing, but I’ll tell you anyway. I see a lot of activity in outsourcing and I think we’re going to continue to push there, but to answer you question directly, it’s not one single area. Let me just draft in on that, because we spent a lot of time on this and frankly, when you stand back and look at it, for instance one of the things I am most excited about right now is our financial services business. Now if you stand back and look at it, you say that was relatively flat, but the nature of the work we’re doing is that the heart and soul of the winning companies and this entire industry is in the middle of the transformation or I guess at the beginning of the transformation.  So, the thing that gets us excited is, there’s lots of activity out there, but we’re going through a transition from the things that we used to do to the things that companies need to done down and so, we see all these activity and as Pam said, our visibility is the same. Its just the marketplace that you’re looking at, continues to jump around a lot, but on balance we feel very good about the business in terms of what we did this quarter and in terms of looking ahead and as I said at the beginning, we continue to drive to our original range in terms of the plans that we put there and the goals we set for our team.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay and maybe just to follow-up for the team. Really I think you made a comment about, you had that deer-and-headlights feeling among a lot of your clients during Q1 and there was a pause in decision-making and then I think you said something to the effect of, kind of breaking free out of that, can you put some more color around that? Is that more since the month in December began or some of that year end driven clients thinking about doping stuff before ’09 kicks off or anything that is incremental and made you feel more comfortable since the analysts meeting perhaps?
Steve Rohleder: No, its not ’09 and its very specific to an individual company, because if you track this thing for six months, there was a time when the other guys had the disease and your didn’t and then all of a sudden this thing crept into retail and in certain consumer products and other spaces people said, “Wow! This downturn is a lot more serious than we thought it was going to be.”  So, then people sit there and they asked us, “How is this going to affect us? Are we doing the right things and should we change course?” and so what that causes is people to rethink the mix of work, they rethink delaying some things, but they also rethink accelerating some things that they’d had on the slow boil if you will, that they need to focus on.  I think Steve mentioned the outsourcing velocity and the activity out there is just one example of this period of time where everyone probably just sat back and said “How is the thing going to effect to me? And what is the things that I need to be do in for my company in order to do the right thing as leadership” and so that’s been the thing and I would tell you its sort of a company by company process that everyone has been going through.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: And just a last question on the margins; it’s obviously encouraging to see the outlook there increasing. Can you talk a little more specifically about some of the levers you’re pulling at the gross margin and the SG&A line, the visibility on those levers and the stronger dollar on helping out the margins a little bit.
Bill Green:  Yes Jason, let me talk about SG&A and just give you some sense there. Back in August, we actually started putting some of these initiatives in place to clamp down on spending, specifically to impact our G&A results and so we’ve got those in place through Q1, we’re going to continue those things, lets one laver. We’re continuing to push utilization, that’s another lever and frankly in this quarter, we saw a positive impact in terms of our contract profitability and execution on our contracts. So we’re going to again focus on continuing that trend; those of three big levers right there.
Pamela Craig:  Just to build a little bit more on the contract side which is where we saw the strong left in gross margins, is that we did a very strong job of absorbing salary increases this year and also we have a program to improve our outsourcing profitability and that is really kicking in. So I just wanted to note those things as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  I want to follow up on a couple of things and first, Pam just on the operating margin side, you just mentioned gross margin benefit from a particular contract; with that, was there anything one time in that or is that something sustainable I guess that we seeing going forward.
Pamela Craig: No I mean, when I said contract, I meant contract margins across the tens of thousands that we have right. I mean it’s really an across the board thing and the outsourcing contract profitability is really across the whole portfolio which is quite large. So, there really isn’t anything there expect that I mean I think you maybe heard me in the past say “I’ll never give-up on margins” and I think we have a culture here to really drive that overtime, so there’s nothing unique or to be called out in these results.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and just since you touched on the margin philosophy, we’re not going to manage margins too much to offset the currency right, because you don’t want to manage the business to currency, right; but we are seeing margins move up. Does that put anything at risk in terms of investment or shifting around your services in the shifting environment, now that we are pushing margin higher?
Pamela Craig: Well, I think there’s a nature belt tightening that occurs in this environment. I’m sure you see it in your own company, right. I mean that’s just natural and we’re obviously being very careful that we still make the kinds of investments that we need to make to decision the business for the future and so that balance is very important, but the programs to improve for example, the outsourcing margins, that’s been in place for sometime and its really starting kick in and yield.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and one more thing on the cash balance. Can you give us a census of maybe how your cash is disbursed give the $300 million FX impact, so we can maybe have a sense of what to expect going forward on how the cash balance is going to move around?
Pamela Craig: Yes, I mean as you might imagine right, we have a business that’s roughly a third in the U.S.; you have quite a large euro business, right; probably almost as big as the U.S., the British pound. Our yen business is not huge, but I mean we have operations all over the world and we have cash where we need it.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: I mean is it roughly comparable with revenue?
Pamela Craig: Where we held the cash?
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes.
Pamela Craig: I mean certainly for the big ones, yes. I mean some of the places where we squeeze.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, last question; Steve you mentioned the U.K., you have a plan in place. Obviously the U.K. has been in a lot of macro turmoil, probably worse than most places even here, but you mentioned that it’ll take the rest of fiscal ’09 to implement. How much worst does the U.K. get from here? What’s your sense of how you move through fiscal ’09 and how you perform in the U.K. and what is your plan, I guess a little bit more detailed?
Steve Rohleder: Yes, I mean the plan is really a two-prong approach. First of all, to make sure that we can at least tactically and we have balanced supply demand in the current situation. In parallel to that, what we’re doing is we’ve got focused programs in place across all five of our operating units to drive demand generation.  As Bill kind of mentioned, we have to shift our focus from what has been in demand in the past to what is relevant to the current environment and we’re in the process right now of going after targeted clients, expanding our relationship at our existing clients, and basically generating demand. That’s just going to take some time.
Bill Green : Yes, this is Bill. I would just add, I mean first of all, we don’t expect the U.K. to get verse right. It’s a big piece of our business. There’s thousands of people there, lots of client relationships and so there’s a lot of moving parts and I think broadly just to the other questions, we said last quarter and we said a year ago this time that we had our hands on the lavers and we are going to work hard to make sure that we defended our economic results and I think you see the effect of that right now.  So we’ve been on top of the U.K. for sometime and that’s going to yield in an important way and I think the other things you see in terms of our results are just a matter of taking advantage of some of those levers to make sure we delivered respectable results and that’s what I think we’ve done here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: So you’re lowering the local currency revenue rough guidance by two to three points; it’s probably widely expected on that front. I’ve been trying to breakdown the changes in the growth outlooks into adjustments for issues that are currently already know and also adjustments for unknowable issues that might very well occur going forward and since you’ve got three quarters left in the year, it’s probably worth accounting for the unkowables here.  So I’m wondering if you can break your two to three points of change to guidance into factors that are know versus may be a bucket of factors that are unknowables, where your may be adding a little bit of buffer for the unknowable. Can you break into those two categories for us?
Bill Green : We’re sort of pointing at each other, because we’ve been having some fun with this in the last couple of days and I have people that bet their badges on different amounts of things. I mean I think if you stand back and look at it, to be in the lower end or worse, we were trying to say like what would have to happened and we were using words like natural disaster and so just to be perfectly honest about it right, I mean there’s a lot of our business that we can see and that we’re operating and then we have a lot of confidence in our ability to use the levers.  It’s just that, every week and I think everyone knows this, there’s a new surprise and given an environment where every week there is a new surprise, we just thought we ought to have a little room down that end because it just continues to get more baffling as you go and so we kind of have, drive in the business and then we have this thing that’s just plain uncertainties that I couldn’t list and those are the things that would steer us to the low end of the range.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Alright. So, that’s the intro I was looking for. So what that says is that there is buffer for events like natural disasters and things that are completely unknowable.
Pamela Craig: There’s some in there yes.
Bill Green: Yes, exactly right.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay and so there’s probably maybe half of it down where guidance is related to the unknowable factors.
Bill Green: I don’t do that
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  Okay, alright. I’ll take what I’ve got so far, which is helpful. The natural disaster comment defiantly helps. Another specific question in order to help us stage demand; consulting bookings once again a pretty respectable number for the environment, can you comment on what’s happened to contract duration in the consulting bookings that you just put up for us. Has duration changed one way or the other in any meaningful way.
Steve Rohleder:  No Rod, this is Steve. No, it hasn’t, just to answer your question directly. I mean we have seen a bit of a shift to shorter durations on the outsourcing side, but nothing in consulting that’s note worthy.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay, great and then I guess the question that is pretty important would help understand how you’re putting these bookings up. There’s clearly been a lot of decision delays out there and it seems from your results that maybe your competitors are dealing with that more than you are.  Can you talk to how are you able to navigate this environment where a lot of clients are even looking at deal that have a high ROI on them; are still unable to make the decision to move forward. You seem to have weathered that fairly well and are seemingly expecting to continue to whether that well. So how are you weathering that so well; if you can give color to help people understand that, that would be helpful?
Bill Green: Yes, let me start. This is Bill and then Steve can draft in with some things I miss, because we look hard at this all the time. I mean the first thing is I mean I’ve been to a lot of clients over the last few weeks and if you’ve got something that will deliver benefits in ’09, its game on; you’re going to get a chance to do it.  If you look at these comments about operational cost improvements and some of the outsourcing propositions and other things that have ’09 benefit, I mean you get a chance to do that. So we look very specifically. We have an agenda that we call See Suite Themes which are what are the things that people that have to see in their titles are thinking about in terms of doing the right things for their business and we fundamentally shifted the offerings and the conversations and the things we are doing to bring to the table, I think that is one.  The second thing is, the whole notion of what is the proposition about and value is an interesting thing. A modest ROI isn’t going to put you over the goal line in this environment. It has to be a powerful and impactful and a sustainable one, and we’ve had clients with many hundred million dollars job that have had leadership changes because of operating challenges and they’ve stayed the course and moved ahead with propositions we’ve had on the table for three of four months, because they generated real value for the long-term.  As the client stands back and looks at its two and three year economic profile, they recognize that it takes a lot of work to get the benefits in place and if you can and you can sustain them, it makes the math work. So the fact that we can operate higher up the food chain, in terms of See Sweet Themes; in terms of things that focus on near-term results, has served us very well and we have had a wholesale transformation of our go-to-market agenda, because at the end of the day, we’re solvent to be relevant and relevant today isn’t some large global thing with a four or five year payback. It’s an impactful thing that delivers a result that they can point at in ’09 and that’s how we’ve mobilized the team.
Bill Green: Rod, just to give you some context to add to what Bill said, over 70% of our bookings this quarter came from our foundation in diamond clients. Those relationships that Bill alluded to; almost 50% of our bookings were soul sourced. So you have evidence that basically the relationships and the value propositions that we’re putting on the table are sustaining the growth. I mean the clients are telling us they need industrial strength, they need our breath and they need someone that they can count on and we’ve got the relationships to bring those value propositions forward and the numbers show it.
Pamela Craig: Rod, I would just add one thing as it relates to outsourcing. As you know, the quarter was a little funny in terms of how late Thanksgiving fell and so we did have a few outsourcing deals that pushed into this quarter and all of the major ones have already signed. So I think we say outsourcing is lumpy, but that was something I was focused on just as an indication.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Great and one final question on the pricing front and there’s a lot of different ways to define pricing, but let me just ask. Is pricing a factor that you think will help, hurt, or keep your margins kind of neutral to fiscal ’09?
Bill Green: I would say that it will be neutral, at least from where I sit today and I’ll snap the line today, it will be neutral. As Pam pointed out in her comments, we were able to recoup the salary increases and we’ll continue to drive savings from a labor standpoint throughout the year. That gives us pricing power. Do we have pricing pressure? Absolutely. Are clients interested in price adjustments? Absolutely; but we’re also coming with different value propositions that allow us to expand our food print and deliver more value to those same clients Rod. So, I would at least today just characterize it as neutral.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Can you go back to the 2001, 2002 timeframe when we did see growths all the way down to zero and compare that to the environment going into this recession this time around. Obviously it feels a little more protracted and could be worse etc, but how is the business different today? I guess Bill or Steve, if you guys could kind of just start on what is different about the business that we understand, the stability of the growth targets that you guys were talking about now? 
Bill Green: Let me start. I think we’ve been trying to articulate the last year to how different the business is from five, six years ago when we went trough that and the things we grow through, we continue to believe deeply.  One is the richness of the long-term relationships is, the fact that we serve the clients in consulting, in technology building and in outsourcing; the fact that we’ve sort of worked higher up the food chain, the global coverage, the nature of the work we do in terms of the value propositions and how we’ve woven ourselves into the fabric of the company’s. If you stand back and just look at outsourcing the deep industry skills and all those things, we’re just in a dramatically better position, in different position than we were then. Now we set out to get in that position and I think the statistics that Steve described about additional work sold to current clients and sole source work speaks to that.  I mean we had a more fragile business back then than we do now. It’s a lot more durable and industrial and I think that’s what serves well. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And then from the cost side, may be if Pam you could talk a little about this. You’ve kind of given some of the targets as far as the margins are concerned, but with utilization and headcounts plans, things along those lines, can you just kin of walk us through what you’re looking at from the cost side as you think about the new margin targets into fiscal year 2009, the expansion that you’re talking about. So if pricing is essentially net neutral to down, where are the other levers for the margin expansion going to come from?
Pamela Craig: Well I mean the supply and demand which is Steve’s department is very much at the heart of making sure we deliver there and we are all over it. We saw the utilization and we said that low to mid 80’s is where we like it to be. So, we’re doing that and as you know there is many levers to go into managing that very well. I think on the other things, we’re just driving contract profitability and the thousands of people that run our contracts around the world, they have the levers available to them in terms of the mix of resources, types, levels, sourcing all that jazz that goes into that, that’s very important and they’re all focused on driving that and then of course there’s the non-labor things, what we do with travel and what we do with all of the discretionary non-labor things, those cost, and how we manage them; it just all goes into the mix.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Finally, just two quick things, so what are the headcount plans then for the rest of fiscal ’09. It looks like quarter-to-quarter it was relatively flat, but you guys had a huge fourth quarter last fiscal year. What are you guys thinking about for headcount plans going forward?
Bill Green: Yes, I mean I think there’s a lot of factors that go into answering that question and they change on any given day. You saw our attrition was down significantly right, from 17% down to 13%, so that obviously impacts how many people we have to bring in. That said, usually to fall is when we assimilate most of the people that we’ve made offers to and hired, we’ve been able to do that. We’re going to continue to drive utilization as Pam said and frankly get these people busy. One other thing that I would point to, that is impacting headcount is our industrialization agenda for both SI&T and outsourcing and the reason that’s important is because that drives lower labor cost and non-labor cost on our contracts. It obviously impacts our GDN, it will help our GDN to grow, but you have puts and calls all over the world in different market. So, to try it through our one projection today would be wrong tomorrow, given the moment in attrition and what we’re seeing in terms of our industrialization agenda.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: One last thing just on the offshore front as the last couple of quarters, the last couple of years has gotten a lot of attention, how relevant is offshore into this or just pure labor arbitress; how relevant is it into this downturn at this point? Because a lot of the things that you guys talked about on the earlier side didn’t really have a labor arbitral component and it sounded like it was a very different conversation in terms of what clients are expecting? So, how are you thinking about that part of it, especially as it relates to your GDN towards?
Bill Green: No, it’s very relevant, because clients that were not interested in outsourcing now are all of a sudden interested in having that conversion. They want to have it, they want to have it fast and they want to implement results that are going to impact this fiscal year, this quarter. So, obviously one of the tools that we have in the toolbox is to bring the GDN and our offshore capabilities to the table and make that part of the equation. So it’s extremely relevant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company: In your guidance for constant currency growth Pam, can you kind of help us understand what sort of embedded growth assumptions do you have for outsourcing versus consulting and then also I think Bill was indicating that the bid and proposal pipeline in outsourcing; I think Steve actually indicated that was pretty active; can we get some more details on that? Thanks.
Pamela Craig: Moshe, just in terms of your first question, I mean we’ve told you that we expect our revenues to be roughly comparable in terms of what they’ve been in the recent past consulting to outsourcing. So, that’s probably your best guideline for that answer.
Steve Rohleder: On the second part of your question Moshe, the conversations on this dramatic cost reduction are happening across every one of our operating groups. The conversations around back office consolidation and that impacts finance and accounting procurement HR, even industry specific BPO. So, we’re having these conversions again with clients who are interested in having dramatic cost savings impact on their operations as quickly as they can and it really expands all of the service lines that we have an outsourcing.
Bill Green: I would just add Moshe if I could. As I mentioned it’s been an interesting time this last quarter, but if we stand back from it, there’s a lot of folks here and I think if you talk to the outsourcing advising crowd, you’ll find that there’s been a period of indecision and now it’s starting to break lose. People are going to look for a constant stable of providers. They’re going to look for people that they have confidence and they’re not going to experiment with it and we think the activity in the outsourcing spaces is just going to pick up in a dramatic, dramatic way and what will be important to us is to make sure that you understand the opportunities that are good economic profitable opportunities for Accenture. I think there’ll be plenty to do. I think the challenge is going to be making sure you pick the business that deliveries profit and builds strength in long-term relationships and that’s where we’re very focused on.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company:  So, based on the pipeline that you’re seeing on the outsourcing side, obviously going back to the ’02,’03 timeframe where consulting was down, I don’t know 5%, 6% a year and then we’ve seen a huge pickup in outsourcing; I think it was up about 40% a year. Obviously, 40% is a pretty big number, but based on what your seeing in your pipeline, should we see a dramatic pickup in outsourcing for the next year or two given the environment and given the relevance of your services?
Bill Green: I think what we’re going to see is what is a huge unqualified pipeline move to a very qualified pipeline of solid deals that we believe people are going to do. I think the thing that’s different about that time is if you remember that time, there were like three or four marquee deals that the whole world stood around and looked at to see if they were going to be yes or no and it was very binary.  If you look at the pipeline now, it has some very deals in it, but it has a lot of small and mid-size deal. So, the sort of durability of it is a lot better and frankly, these aren’t the things where you betting the whole thing on closing one deal. I mean there’s just a ton of things that can break your way every month and so we feel dramatically better about the outsourcing pipeline and the activity that we see today than we did back then where there were three to four big things and then a few cats and dogs and you had to sort to play to win the big ones. I mean right now, there’s just a lot more, better business out there for Accenture in my opinion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: The first question is related to Moshe’s last question around outsourcing and we’ve been hearing there’s been some fairly competitive pricing going on; at some points getting pretty egregious. I’m just wondering what’s your stance right now on the competitive environment around outsourcing in particular and do you think there’s enough business out there of high enough quality and margin. We are not going to see a need to sort of go down market on pricing to sustain that growth.
Steve Rohleder: Yes, I guess I’d have two things: one is and we talked about this today. We haven’t seen or at least we haven’t been participating in deals that have had irrational bids and so that’s the first thing that we always look at, right. We just get out there and people are giving the stuff away, because anybody can give the work away.  We haven’t seen a lot of that. I mean that we’ve seen very thoughtful things, but we do believe that there’s going to be a lot high quality work that’s coming our way and Accenture kind of outsourcing business if will right and I think we’re blessed by having two things: one is, that we’ve shed a lot of the gum on your shoe, right. I mean our portfolio of business and the profitability of our outsourcing portfolio improves almost by the core right. So there’s some companies out there that have some real issues that you sort of drag around on your back, we don’t have those right now; so I think that’s the first thing.  The second thing is we’ve spent more time focused on operational excellence and the ability to make money at this stuff, than we have piling on new sales for the last 24 months and so now as the sales are coming in there, we have the ability to have the predictable quality out that makes money and the whole industrialization agenda, the things that Carl Heinz and Kevin has talked about is just essential and I think it’s payback time in terms of good economic returns for that business for our company.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: And if I may just question about two verticals, the products groups, an amalgamation of many different verticals was quite strong in fiscal ’08. I believe the 17% local currency growth, it was 9% this past quarter. If you peal back the cover a little bit on products, is there anything in there that gives you some concern around growth? Any particular verticals that you may see soft than more than others and do they have any impact on your thinking about the lower guidance?
Steve Rohleder: Tim, this is Steve. The two I pointed out are two that you probably guessed yourself, retail and automotive right, have been changed. With that said, I think that the growth was respectable this time and because it was offset by good growth in health and life sciences, and consumer goods and services, and transportation and travel services. So, our leadership kind of runs this as a portfolio; there is always going to be some industries that are down and some industries that are up, but the two that I mention are the two you probably guess were a little soft this quarter anyway.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay and just lastly if I may; obviously resources, on the commodity side things have been in turmoil. You put up another very strong quarter for resources. Is there any concern there that there maybe some softening as those industries start to feel the impact of what’s going on globally?
Bill Green: I think we’re going see a shift. We’ve seen strong consulting growth in resources for a while that the guys that lead that organization for us would let you that the conversations in a last six weeks have shifted over to outsourcing in an incredibly quick way. So, I think the demand is still going to be there. We have to obviously go out and shape and capture it, but the conversations have shifted from consulting more to outsourcing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Steve, any outsourcing deferrals or cancellations and I guess that question could be for consulting deferrals or cancellations?
Steve Rohleder: Nothing they would point to a trend.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay and then when you guys talk about the uncertainties, its kind of the reason why you’ve taken a range down. I would think that the bookings have been strong enough that you have pretty good visibility for the next couple of quarters, so what it has to be, cancellations or deferrals that would cause that uncertainty.
Steve Rohleder: Well, the uncertainty stuff means you can almost hardly describe it right, but there’s just like a surprise a week going on out there in different industries and for different companies and so you just say to yourself; everyday you just take the paper and look through it and then you’ll just say, “Wow!” right and that’s what we’re saying right. We’re standing back from this thing and saying, “Gees.” That said, some of those companies in there are companies where we’re launching new work right, that’s going to help them in a dramatic way, but the uncertainty stuff is just hard to put your finger on. It just continues to surprise you and sooner or later you say “I’m sure there’s something out there that I’m not thinking of,” but I just I couldn’t tell you what it is right now.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay and Bill when you talk about decisions starting to loosen, I assume you’re talking about outsourcing, but is that true with that consulting as well?
Bill Green: Well, I guess I was describing it more in the outsourcing context, but absolutely it is with consulting expect the consulting decisions, a lot of the sort of new work is early stage, right. If you look at a lot of the things that are going on in financial services right, it’s envisioned an architect kind of work, right. It’s sort of a new platform furnace; a new capability to do that; a new way of how we’re going to take these two banks and merge them together and have them operates as one. So, in that sense there is some breakthrough, it just doesn’t have the size and the scale of the outsourcing work.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay and then just finally two question for Pam. I guess operating margins are expected to be higher for the year than your guidance just last quarter and I guess it just sounds like you’re pulling levers because the FX pressure has been higher. Is that fair to say or is there is something specific that surprised you in the last three months?
Pamela Craig:  No, it’s not just the FX for sure. I mean I think at the root of it, it wasn’t like the drag was so great this quarter and we delivered very strong operating margin. So, I think just the way we’re delivering is, there’s just been a steady improvement and part of it is you want to make sure that that’s going to be sustained and we analyze this quite a bit to make sure that we believe that we will sustain that or we expect we will over the balance of the year to lead to the expansion.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: And then just the other one was on interest income. I know that was $0.04 or so lower; should we still expect interest income to be a lot more or going forward given where rates have gone?
Pamela Craig: I mean that $0.04 was the total of non-operating stuff and actually the interest income was about $0.001, but I mean, I’m not about to go out and introduce a lot more risk to get try to get some interest income some place. I mean there’s just not a lot to get.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : And most of the interest income is derived from international?
Pamela Craig: No, I mean we’ve put most of our cash in treasuries, I would say it’s mostly not international.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Grossman - Thomas Weisel.
David Grossman - Thomas Weisel:
 :
Pamela Craig: I would say that it’s mostly the former. I mean I think that we are really trying to improve the margins in this business and sustain it and I think we’ve been on that trajectory. This is probably a little bit of a stepper uplift that we’re signaling right now, than we have in the past, but nonetheless I think if you look at our results, what we’ve done with SG&A over the years and this focus on contract profitability, I mean this is what we’re looking to do.
David Grossman - Thomas Weisel: And just one another question is on currency. I think on your last call and I may have understood it; you said 1% change in currency impacts, EPS by $0.001. I guess did I understand that correctly and is that still a good assumption?
Pamela Craig:   Well, I mean I think that it’s not just currency, but when you kind of take into account everything else that’s happening with that kind of a move with currency then that’s about what it would be, but I wouldn’t take that too literally, I was just trying to give you a feel.
David Grossman - Thomas Weisel: Okay and just finally, what is the measurement date if you will for the currency rates that you’re using in your guidance? Is that the current spot rates or was that a rate at the end of the quarter or an average quarter to-date?
Pamela Craig: Well, what I mentioned for December was actually a rate that we use, that gets set at the beginning of the months, the 11% and then what we did for the remaining guidance was to say, “Gee! How have currencies moved during December?” and then if we then factored that into result for the remaining three quarters and compare them to last year, that’s the drag that we would see.
Bill Green: Well, let me just say a couple things in closing, if I can. First of all, we’ve started fiscal 2009 with another strong quarter especially in light of what’s happening in the global economy. We are very positive about our business and remain committed to protecting our profitability, strengthening our global franchise and further differentiating Accenture from the competition. The durability and diversity of our business serves us well. We have a unique business model and we continue to operate it with tremendous discipline and flexibility. Particularly, in these challenging times, we are dedicated to staying close and relevant to our clients and remain keenly focused on helping them achieve high performance and just as important, we remain committed to high performance in our own business, so that we can continue to deliver exceptional value to our shareholders. In closing, I once again like to thank the 187,000 men and women of Accenture, without whom none of this would be possible. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and we wish all of you a Happy Holiday Season and all the best for the New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7:00 pm today through midnight January 2, 2009. You may access the teleconference replay system at anytime by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 970592. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 970592.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-09-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark - Managing Director of Investor Relations William D. Green - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Pamela J. Craig - Chief Financial Officer Stephen J. Rohleder - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: [Rob Bujwa - Bernstein] Adam Frisch - UBS Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse George Price - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Tim Fox - Duetsche Bank Securities Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to Accenture’s fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the Managing Director of Investor Relations, Richard Clark.
Richard Clark: With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hoe you’ve had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results, Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2009, and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today’s call we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss in this call are forward looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10K and other SEC filings. Some of you have asked what our approach is around our quarterly announcements. As we enter our new fiscal year, I would like to reiterate our practices. You should expect that we will hold our earnings calls during the fourth week after the close of each fiscal quarter except for our first fiscal quarter announcement in December when we will hold our call during the third week following the close of our first quarter which is November 30. You should also expect that our four scheduled quarterly earnings releases and regular quarterly conference calls will be when we report our financial results and business outlook.  During out call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com. As always, Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. Now let me turn the call over to Bill.
William D. Green: We continued the momentum we’ve shown throughout the year by delivering a strong fourth quarter and closing out an outstanding fiscal 2008 for Accenture. Despite economic turbulence which the events of the past two weeks clearly show is ongoing, clients continue to ask for our help whether to improve their operational performance, to enter new markets, to compete more effectively, or to reinvest or transform their entire business. Here are some of the highlights from the fourth quarter and the year. We delivered very strong quarterly revenues of $6 billion driven by double-digit growth in US dollars across all of our operating groups and geographies. We delivered record annual revenues of $23.4 billion. We grew EPS by 35% for both the quarter and the full year. We expanded operating margin for both the quarter and the year. We had our highest ever quarterly bookings of $7.7 billion and our highest ever annual bookings of $26.8 billion, exceeding the top end of our guided range. We generated very strong cash flow of $944 million for the quarter and $2.48 billion for the year. We continue to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and we just announced our fourth annual dividend. We ended the year with more than 186,000 people. We have been steadily building a formidable leadership position investing in our business and gaining market share. It’s times like these with the uncertainty in the world markets when we are grateful for having built a strong, diverse and durable business. We have transformed Accenture over the last five years and this transformation serves us well. We have a globally diverse and durable business model. We have an operating model that is flexible and responsive. We live and work at the very heart of our clients’ businesses and are part of their fabric. And we have tremendous financial strength, a rock solid balance sheet, strong cash flow and other financial metrics which is unique, powerful and distinctive. High performance is something we take seriously not only for our clients but for our company and our shareholders. Now let me turn the call over to Pam who will provide more detail on our financial performance.
Pamela J. Craig: I’m pleased to tell you more about Accenture’s strong fourth quarter and full year financial results. We had outstanding bookings, revenues, earnings and cash flow for the quarter. This continued the trend of strong results across each of the quarters of our fiscal year. Let me provide additional detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statement or that are calculations. Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $6 million an increase of 17% in US dollars and 10% in local currency over the period last year. We had strong revenue generation for the quarter coming in right where we had expected to, at the midpoint of our guided range. Consulting revenues were $3.6 billion an increase of 19% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. We achieved this strong growth even with slightly fewer work days in the quarter compared to last year. Outsourcing revenues were $2.4 billion an increase of 15% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. Net revenues for the full fiscal year were $23.4 billion an increase of 19% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. Consulting revenues were $14.1 billion an increase of 19% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $9.3 billion an increase of 18% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. In summary, these strong revenue results reflected our ability to navigate the market forces we faced in fiscal 2008 and deliver revenue growth at the upper end of and consistent with our objectives of 9% to 12% in local currency. Moving down the income statement. For the fourth quarter gross margin was 31.7% compared with 31.2% in the same period last year, a more than 50 point basis point expansion driven by higher contract profitability. Gross margin for the full year was 30.7% consistent with fiscal year 2007 even though we absorbed higher comp increases and slightly lower utilization in fiscal 2008. SG&A costs for the fourth quarter were $1.12 billion or 18.6% of net revenues. This compares with $945 million or 18.5% of net revenues in last year’s fourth quarter. SG&A costs for the full year were $4.15 billion or 17.7% of net revenues. This compares with fiscal year 2007 SG&A expense of $3.52 billion or 17.9% of net revenues, a 20 basis point reduction from fiscal 2007 and consistent with our objective to grow SG&A at a rate slower than our revenue. Operating income for the fourth quarter increased 22% to $785 million reflecting a 13.1% operating margin. This compares with $642 million or a 12.6% operating margin in the same period last year, an expansion of more than 50 basis points driven by strong gross margins in the quarter. Full-year operating margin was 12.9%, a 20 basis point improvement over fiscal 2007 and within our annual guided range of 12.8% to 13.1%. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 31.8%. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 29.3% consistent with our guided range of 28% to 30%. Income before minority interest for the fourth quarter was $550 million compared with $431 million in the same period last year, an increase of 28%. For the fiscal year income before minority interest was $2.2 billion compared with $1.7 billion in fiscal 2007, also an increase of 28%. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $0.67 an increase of $0.17 or 35% over diluted EPS of $0.50 in last year’s fourth quarter. We delivered 13 of those cents through effective management of our business broken down as follows: $0.07 or 14% from strong revenue and operating income growth in local currency, $0.05 from a lower tax rate, and $0.03 from a lower share count partially offset by $0.02 from lower interest income. The remaining $0.04 came from favorable foreign exchange rates. For the full fiscal year diluted earnings per share were $2.65, also an increase of 35% or $0.68. It was our highest annual EPS ever and at the top end of the range we provided last quarter. $0.25 or 13% growth came from strong growth in revenue and operating income in local currency, $0.19 from a lower tax rate, $0.12 from a lower share count, partially offset by $0.02 from lower non-operating income for a total increase of $0.54 that we generated in the business for the fiscal year. The remaining $0.14 came from favorable foreign exchange rates. Now let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $944 million resulting from cash from operating activities of $1.03 billion and property and equipment additions of $87 million. This lower-than-expected level of property and equipment spending was primarily driven by effective space management within the global delivery network. For the full fiscal year free cash flow was $2.48 billion, $83 million over the top end of our latest projected range resulting from cash from operating activities of $2.8 billion and property and equipment additions of $320 million. Our DSOs or days services outstanding continued to drive strong free cash flow. DSOs were 37 days compared to 33 days at the end of August last year and continue to be industry leading. Our total cash balance at August 31 was $3.6 billion compared with $3.31 billion at August 31 last year. Just in case you are wondering, we invest our cash largely in liquid overnight time deposits, US Treasury repurchase agreements, and high-quality overnight commercial paper.  Debt remains inconsequential at $8 million. Our balance sheet metrics continue to be very strong. For the 12 months ended August 31, our return on invested capital was 71%, our return on equity was 73%, and our return on assets was 19%. Let me turn now to share repurchases and dividend activity. In the fourth quarter we repurchased or redeemed 15.2 million shares for approximately $609 million at an average price of $40.16 per share. For the full year we repurchased or redeemed 60.8 million shares for approximately $2.3 billion at an average price of $37.20 per share. At August 31 we had approximately $2.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Today we declared a cash dividend of $0.50 per share on all common shares payable on November 17, 2008. This represents an $0.08 per share or 19% increase over the dividend we paid last year. Finally, let me give you the status of where we are with founder shares. I’m pleased to tell you that we are taking our final step to make July 2009 a non-event. Effective today we are accelerating the release of 61 million shares held by former senior executives by releasing transfer restrictions on those shares in roughly equal installments over the four quarters of fiscal 2009. Approximately 2/3 of these shares are Accenture SCA shares which are redeemable only by going through Accenture. Consistent with our historical practice we expect to primarily use cash for these redemptions. Excluding all founder shares, our public float as of August 31 was 74%. We had a strong quarter and an equally strong consistent full fiscal year. I’m very proud of our people and their tremendous ability to drive our business in a way that serves our clients and shareholders so well. Now Steve will give you some more detail on our operations.
Stephen J. Rohleder: We had a strong fourth quarter and a terrific year with growth across all areas of our business. Let me first take you through some of the highlights of the operating groups and the geographic regions, and then I’ll cover some of the trends that we’re seeing in the growth platforms. As we look back briefly at the full year, all five operating groups recorded their highest ever annual revenues with three of the five - products, resources and communications & high tech - turning in double-digit growth in both US dollars and local currency. We also had strong revenue growth in US dollars and local currency in all three geographic regions with revenues in Asia Pacific exceeding $2 billion for the first time ever. Now I’ll provide some detail on the fourth quarter. All five operating groups had solid revenue growth in US dollars with especially strong revenue growth and profitability from both resources and products. Resources had the highest overall growth in both US dollars and local currency, and this growth was delivered across all geographic regions and was driven by strong consulting growth in utilities and natural resources. I want to just touch on our financial services business. In Q4 revenues in financial services increased 10% in US dollars and 2% in local currency which reflected a slight decline in consulting revenues. The financial services market continues to change and we’re seeing a mix shift from consulting to outsourcing. Given the current situation in the financial markets, we’ve done a careful assessment of our financial services portfolio and believe that our business will be stable in FY09 with a plan for modest growth. The reinvention of the financial services industry represents a significant opportunity for Accenture that’s right in our sweet spot. Let me also comment on public service. In Q4 public service turned in its third highest bookings quarter ever and also grew revenues 14% in US dollars and 10% in local currency. While we’re pleased with this growth, profitability was down and we’re enhancing our focus on growing operating income and improving margin. Looking at the fourth quarter from a geographic perspective, Q4 revenues in Americas grew 17% in US dollars and 14% in local currency. We’re very pleased with our strong growth in the United States, Canada, Brazil and Argentina. In EMEA revenues increased 17% in US dollars and a modest 6% in local currency. We had very strong growth in Italy, France and Spain offset by challenges in the UK. We are vigilantly managing our business across Europe where we have deep long-term client relationships and have taken actions to improve our performance in the UK. And finally, in Asia Pacific revenues grew 24% in US dollars and 12% in local currency led by China, Japan and Singapore. Now I’ll highlight some of the trends in our growth platforms as we enter the new fiscal year. In management consulting we’re seeing strong demand in all service lines especially in talent, in organization performance, supply chain, and finance and performance management. We just launched a new service line, process and innovation performance, which combines Accenture’s global process capabilities with the expertise from our acquisition of the George Group. In outsourcing we continue to benefit from the breadth and scale of our capabilities and offerings. Demand is strong for application outsourcing where we had a significant increase in bookings during FY08. We’re seeing continued activity in specific vertical BPO offerings as well as in finance and accounting and learning, and we’re benefiting from the trend of clients sourcing multiple processes and applications to a single provider. In systems integration and technology global ERP continues to be a hot area and we’re seeing demand for security offerings, data center cost reduction, and application renewal in technology consulting. We continue the expansion of our global deliver network ending the year with 83,000 people. During the year we increased our capabilities in the GDN expanding our SAP skills and adding new offerings. Finally let me touch on a few operational metrics. Bookings hit record highs of $7.67 billion in the fourth quarter and $26.79 billion for the year. Consulting bookings totaled $3.6 billion for Q4 and $14.7 billion for the year. Q4 was our seventh straight quarter of consulting bookings in excess of $3 billion. Outsourcing bookings were $4 billion for Q4, our highest in more than four years, and annual outsourcing bookings reached $12 billion. Turning to people management, we ended the year with more than 186,000 employees a net increase of 17,000 people over FY07. Utilization was 84% for both the fourth quarter and the full year, and attrition was 15% for the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year. Managing supply and demand of our resources remains a top priority. We’re optimizing operational performance by closely tracking and managing levers including utilization, attrition and recruiting and balancing them against the market demand. In closing I’d like to make three points. First, as we move into FY09 we remain focused on operational priorities which include further developing leadership positions in each of our three growth platforms, enhancing our differentiation through industry programs and assets, and improving our cost to serve. Second, given the uncertainty in the market place we’re redoubling our focus on closely managing our business and are prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to respond. And third, we believe that the challenging economic environment will provide us with new opportunities to help our clients improve their performance and transform their businesses. With that let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook.
Pamela J. Craig: For our fiscal 2009 business outlook we plan to provide annual guidance in the areas we have in the past and we will update you on these measures quarterly. We will continue to provide quarterly guidance for revenue so that you have a basis for understanding our growth by quarter as we progress through the year. Before I provide our fiscal 2009 business outlook, I would like to comment on how we are thinking about the impact of foreign currency in our outlook. Recently there’s been significant volatility in foreign exchange rates. Assuming that the rates stay within the range that has occurred over the last couple of weeks, we would see a -2% to -4% foreign exchange impact on our results in US dollars for fiscal 2009. As we have done in the past we will update the foreign exchange assumption for the next quarter when we give quarterly revenue guidance. We have years of experience managing our business in both local currency and US dollars. We are committed to driving local growth and managing local costs in the markets in which we operate in order to achieve maximum real growth and profitability in our business over the long term. Starting with revenue. As we stated in our Q3 earnings call we currently see a continuation of revenue growth on a trajectory of 9% to 12% in local currency. We have good momentum coming into fiscal 2009 based on recent bookings and our revenue run rate. We also have revenue visibility coming into the year that is very comparable to what we had in the last couple of years. With the uncertainty out there, we don’t know what impacts there will be the further we go out in the fiscal year. So we believe we have our work cut out for us to get to the upper end of the range again in fiscal 2009. For the full fiscal year 2009 we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $26 billion to $29 billion which supports our revenue projections of 9% to 12% in local currency and reflects the annual foreign exchange assumption I just mentioned. For earnings per share we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2009 to be in the range of $2.85 to $2.93. We expect operating margin for fiscal 2009 to be in the range of 13% to 13.3%, an expansion of 10 to 40 basis points. You should expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as you’ve seen in the past. We intend to expand operating margin by maintaining our focus on improving contract economics. We will also be continuing our multi-year program of working SG&A down as a percentage of net revenue. Now let’s turn to cash flow. For the full fiscal year we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $3 billion to $3.2 billion, property and equipment additions to be $415 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.6 billion to $2.8 billion. To complete the annual outlook for fiscal 2009 we expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 30% to 32%. Finally turning to the first quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $6.15 billion to $6.35 billion. This assumes a foreign currency impact of -1% to +1% compared to fiscal 2008 first quarter. Of course the markets continue to experience significant volatility and this is impacting our clients differently depending on what their business is and where they are in the world. Our job is to provide services that meet our clients evolving needs and to drive our business for continued growth and profitability. With that, here’s Bill to close before we take your questions.
William D. Green: Let me just recap quickly before we got to your questions. We’re very pleased with our outstanding performance in the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. We have continued momentum in our business. We are keeping a very close eye on events in the markets. With the uncertainty in the economic environment, for anyone at this point to say that they will be totally unaffected would lack credibility. Therefore we continue to closely manage our business with an eye on navigating through any implications for Accenture. Our services are right at the heart of our clients’ businesses and our people are able to adapt to changing circumstances so that we can enhance our relevance to clients. This will allow us to keep building on our leadership position. We have a track record of delivering on our commitments even in challenging times and we believe that history and our fiscal year 08 results are proof positive of that. Through careful planning and superior execution we are committed to delivering solid performance in 2009. Now let’s go ahead and open it up for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from [Rob Bujwa - Bernstein].
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: I wanted to inquire a little more about your outlook for fiscal 09. The specific question I have to start with is are you as confident in the upper end of your fiscal 09 revenue guidance range as you were three months ago? I think Pam implied maybe not but I wanted to clarify whether that was intended.
William D. Green: We spent a lot of time of course looking at this obviously given the day-by-day changes in the market place and I think Pam said it right in her script. When we look at the upper end of the range we say we have our work cut out for us and that’s what we concluded. So we feel comfortable with the range. We feel good about it. But as she also mentioned, Q3, Q4 out there six months on the horizon, it’s hard to read the tea leaves right now. That said, we’ve got a lot going our way. There’s a lot of energy and momentum around the business and I think what we did in the fourth quarter continues to serve us well. So our mental model is we’ve got our work cut out for us to hit the high end of the range and that’s how we’re going to get the 186,000 people focused on it and dial it up a little bit.
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: And Bill, just to be perfectly clear on that, that is a change in tone versus three months ago and I’m wondering if that change is directly attributable to the credit market crisis that we currently have or whether there are other factors that are also involved in that change in tone.
Pamela J. Craig: Rob, I’m a little confused by you saying it’s a change in tone because what we said three months ago was that we continue to see our revenues on a trajectory of 9% to 12% in local currency. We didn’t talk about where we’d be in the range.
William D. Green: If it sounds like a change in tone to you, it isn’t one to me. I go into every year in the same place. I see the thing that’s going to be easy and I always look at the high end of the range as something we’ve got to work hard to do. And I have the same sort of mental model going into this year. You get a few things that break your way. The difference between the bottom and the top of the range close pretty quick. And interestingly, an environment of tremendous change and dislocation creates incredible opportunities for Accenture. And when I look at where some of our people have been focused in the last five or 10 workdays, some of the people have been at these entities that are going to emerge the next generation leaders as people figure out, if we’re going to deal with a new environment, how are we going to do this? And that’s the points that I was trying to make about flexibility and redeploying people to where the action and where the opportunities are. At the end of the day big change particularly structural change drives huge demand in Accenture and our way of looking at this is, where are those opportunities and how do we weave ourselves right into the heart of reinventing the business models in some of these companies or frankly some of these industries.
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: With your bookings guidance range for fiscal 09, have you somewhat padded that range to recognize the uncertainty that exists out there in the credit markets and so on?
Pamela J. Craig: What we’re focused on is 9% to 12% in local currency. So you take into account the strong bookings in Q4, you take into account the fx headwind that we’re looking at this point, the book-to-bill assumptions, the mix of work, and that’s the range that gets generated out of that.
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: Can you say anything about your pricing plan for fiscal 09? You normally institute some pricing increases at this time of the year. And also your plans for salary inflation across your workforce?
William D. Green: The salary inflation or the salary increases were less than the prior year. Basically what we’ve done in pricing is, as we did last year, we instituted rate increases in June and we’ve applied those into the pipeline and into the new work. So it’s business as usual if you will. We are going to roll out some new tools and some more training into different parts of the world for our pricing initiative but it’s going to be more business as usual.
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: Are you planning for a price increase for fiscal 09 to offset the salary increase?
William D. Green: We already applied it.
[Rob Bujwa - Bernstein]: What is that number that you’re seeing as the year plays out at this point?
William D. Green: We don’t release individual pricing increases like that. Just suffice it to say that we implemented it in June as we did in the prior year and the teams are working at putting it into their new sales opportunities and readjusting their existing work to reflect that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Frisch - UBS.
Adam Frisch - UBS: I’m not usually one to make a big deal about management execution or make a whole lot of compliments on calls and stuff, but I guess I’ve become ornery in my later stages here. I’ve got to tell you, you guys really deserve some credit, Bill and Pam and Steve for getting you guys through this year and positioning the company really well. I don’t think that’s reflected in the stock but I did want to acknowledge it on this call. Your execution has been great. I don’t think there should be any doubts about your outlook because of your execution, but just in case some people do have doubts, could you describe the budgeting process that you just recently went through in order to establish your guidance? Any added scrutiny or potential sensitivity analysis that you put into it because you know people are going to say, “Wow. This guidance looks pretty good. How viable is it?” So maybe if you could just go through the process a little bit, that’d be helpful.
William D. Green: Let me start and then Steve or Pam. Of course we’ve been living this almost day-to-day and obviously in preparation for this call. It’s a very important one. We take it very seriously. Credibility means everything. First Adam, I’m delighted and thank you for your compliments because I’ve been at the other end of the sharp stick enough times and excited to get the recognition. We as a company and the men and women here feel good about it. And as I said last year, in rocky times and this last year our 08 the environment we were operating in was not smooth sailing, but we drove the business. We made things happen to get the results. When we look at 09 we look at it the same way. It’s not all going to fall into place. It’s not even going to be pretty. The question is, how do you drive the business? How do you get the right people in the right place, have the right offerings, redeploy the workforce and all that and not lose sight of the opportunities that change and challenge are going to bring to the firm? And then be grateful for the fact that we have client relationships that we’ve had for more than a decade. We aren’t the fat; we’re the bone when it comes to these companies. So we start there. The budgeting process we put in place in the spring and the early summer and then we continue to take our temperature week by week as it went through until I think two days ago, we did our last state of the business call looking at 09 going operating group by operating group, country by country looking at the business triangulating the opportunities we see in the pipeline to the momentum that we have in the business to the actions we’re taking to catalyze demand and create future pipeline around the place, and what we see in terms of the market. When we stand back from there we use a lot of rigor, we feel comfortable with the 9% to 12%. That’s the thing we continued to test and test and test, and the other thing is we know how to run the place. The question is going to be, as the year goes on if you need to make midcourse corrections in order to preserve and enhance the profitability, what are the actions? You remember last year for 08 in fact we talked about levers. We talked about scenario planning we had done if we faced some headwinds from somewhere. We’ve continued to do that, go through it with our Board and look at what we need to do to take actions to make corrections. Pam and Steve live that. We’re sort of exactly where we were last year.  That said, as we look ahead I think Pam said it right. We have visibility or better than we had last year. We have the confidence or better than we had last year. And yet we know that there are going to be challenges out there that can’t be predicted right now. So that means we just need to double our vigilance in terms of staying on top of things. Pam, you just might want to add a little to that.
Pamela J. Craig: You were very complete Bill, but I think that the bottoms up process starts in the spring through the summer, over and over again, we’re constantly checking in from the top down. We did a deep dive on the plan two weeks ago. This week as Bill mentioned we did a full check in terms of the state of the business. And of course the fx stuff we were wrestling around with this week as well just to make sure we could give you our best view based on what’s been happening this month.
Adam Frisch - UBS: So what’s different this time around? Because if I’m someone who maybe doesn’t know Accenture all that well and I’m just thinking macro and stereotype, the economy’s getting worse pretty dramatically in the US and obviously in Western Europe as well and the UK has already turned and things like that, and if my mentality is again stereotypically hoping firms get crushed in that kind of market not knowing what you have in terms of the GDN or the outsourcing and all that, why are you positioned this time around better where you’re going to grow through a slowdown in what would traditionally be a really difficult market?
William D. Green: I guess there are a couple of things Adam. One is, I think we proved last year that we know how to operate the place in the face of a lot of challenges. Now next to today’s challenges they might look minor but when we were all facing them, particularly our investors, looked at the environment we were in last year and I think people had some concerns about, how do we navigate this and I think we’ve done it. So we start with that and then we look at where we have opportunities in the business to continue to be better at what we’re doing. The thing we bring to the table though is our diamond client relationships which have spanned the test of time where we’ve woven ourselves into the fabric, the mix of our business that’s outsourcing, and the continued new bookings that we post up in that business, and we look at the demand in consulting which continues because change creates opportunities and challenges for people. Our consulting bookings for the last I think seven quarters have been over $3 billion and our consulting business as we look ahead continues to be like that. I guess I’d make this distinction. It’s not boutique consulting. It’s solving and fixing business problems and putting in place new systems and processes and strategies that are going to help people survive in the environment they’re faced with. And in some areas of the business the challenges in the economy have accelerated the demand that we have had in our business as opposed to just shutting it off or slowing it down.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Two quickies for Pam. First on the cost line, any areas you could cut if you needed to that will not threaten the pipeline growth? Things like internal travel costs, training and things of that nature? And then the second one is, why such a big increase in free cash flow next year? It’s outsized relative to growth in other areas.
Pamela J. Craig: First of all, on the cost line we are ever vigilant on that Adam and we will be this year as well so that we will be managing costs in local currency and then we will be doing whatever we can beyond that to make sure that the profitability at the bottom line is as good as it can be. I think that’s always an opportunity. Travel, we’re all over that. Training, we send our people to training of course. But we will be managing those costs. That’s what you do to manage the business. The other question was on free cash flow, and your question was that it’s?
Adam Frisch - UBS: It just seems to be growing faster than some other areas on the P&L. I’m traveling so I don’t have the numbers in front of me.
Pamela J. Craig: $2.6 billion to $2.8 billion which is 5% to 13% over this past year. This is a good growth rate. It does reflect a slight, a very slight uptick in DSOs as sort of being the main component. But yes we believe it is strong cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I know we talked about this but I know I’m going to get questions on it, so it sounds like you’re confident in the 9% to 12% in local currency; just as confident as you were last quarter when you announced that.
William D. Green: Yes.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: So no hesitations, no worries that you’re going to fall below that range or there are any issues out there?
William D. Green: No, no. We went in to preparation for these earnings with those questions because of what’s happened even in the last 10 workdays and we take the business apart brick by brick and look at it is just for that. And we came back and as we reassembled our plan, and we do this from the bottom up, from the clients up; this isn’t a top down thing. When we reassembled the plan, we landed right back in that space and we felt good about it. That said, we also know that we need to be particularly vigilant and that’s why we made some comments in our remarks here about, yes we see the 9% to 12%. We know what we have to do to get it. That said, crazy stuff could happen and if it does, do we know what it is we would do in order to preserve the economic outcome for the firm. And then we got comfortable with that. So I think the thing that’s different between a quarter ago and now is us really looking hard at the actions we would take if there’s some uncertainty that is impossible to predict today. And when we got comfortable with that, we were comfortable with the 9% to 12% and the other guidance that we put forward.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: In an economic downturn Bill, you guys are still signing record bookings especially in consulting. Is it fair to say that you guys are taking market share gain?
William D. Green: We believe and our statistics that our strategy group does and others show that we’re taking market share. The question is, are you taking the right share? I mean we’re more pleased that we’re taking the right business as opposed to just business. There continues to be a lot of business out there but I guess I’d make this distinction. There’s certain business out there that you come in, you put your proposition on the table, and if you have a better price than the other guy you get the win. The business that we focus on is we build business cases that have economic outcomes for clients and therefore they invest in them. We’re going to have to work hard at doing that this year but on balance we feel good about where we are. That said, and I’ll go back to my first response, we do think we’re going to have to pedal hard. But it’s something that we know how to do. And what’s important for us is just keeping very close to the clients because that’s what keeps us close to the business, and if we do that we know we’ll be able to be flexible enough to find the revenue, find the profit and deliver the value for our clients.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: And Steve, the Indian IT firms have seen a slowdown yet Accenture hasn’t really seen that in systems integration. I’d just love to get your thoughts on why that is.
Stephen J. Rohleder: I think most of our growth is happening in the global SAP, Oracle and ERP space. I think just to build on what Bill said, when these companies are looking to spend money on transformational SI work to standardize their business processes across the globe, there’s only a few firms that can do that. And frankly that’s driving our growth.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: The last question is for Pam. What’s the impact to your earnings if currency becomes a drag? Is it a negative, a detriment to earnings?
Pamela J. Craig: If everything flowed through, we would have I would say about a penny per percent but mind you, we’re going to manage the costs too. So we’ve done this before. I mean we’ve had a business that’s been in multiple currencies for many, many years so we know how to do this. So you can expect that we will do that.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: And the EPS range that we have out there, that takes into account the current kind of exchange rates we’ve seen over the last couple of weeks?
Pamela J. Craig: It reflects the -2% to -4% that I mentioned. We just used as an assumption based on what we’ve seen over the last couple of weeks, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Let me absolutely throw my congratulations into the ring for the job that you guys have done. We’ve kind of hit I think the tone part enough times, but I’d like to dig into some of the specific parts of the business and what’s moving a couple layers down. You’re seeing great growth in the US and North America despite the fact that arguably we’ve gone through a very difficult year here. Europe is more recently starting to see some issues yet you’ve already seen a deceleration there and certainly relative to the US. Can you give us a little color maybe what’s driving that exactly and maybe why Europe is seeing so much incremental weakness versus the US?
Stephen J. Rohleder: I’ll give you some context here. As I said in the opening remarks, we were really happy with the growth in Spain, Italy and France and frankly Germany and the Nordics are kind of holding their own. But where we saw the softness to answer your question directly is in the UK. It’s specifically focused on our public service and our financial services areas. We’ve recognized the softness, we’ve got some programs in place to begin to generate demand, and we’ve got the executive team focused on taking our activities and our work to another level there. So it’s going to take some time, we recognize that the business is soft there, but we’re going to work through it.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Can we specifically correlate what’s happening when you’re talking about the UK with a lot of what we’re seeing on the financial vertical, given the dependence particularly in the London area?
Stephen J. Rohleder: Some of it is because we have such a big concentration of financial services in EMEA and the UK but I’d be remiss to just lay it all at the feet of financial services because that’s not the case. We’re taking a broad view of our business there and making sure that we’re taking the actions to build our pipeline, maintain our client relationships and just drive the business in the UK rather than having the economic conditions drive us.
William D. Green: I just want to add if I could on that, on the financial services thing. I looked today out of our top 20 financial services clients only two of the names of the 20 have been in the news. So there are people that their whole top five have been in the news. But not ours. So I’m sure I pressed our guys that we should be more penetrated in some of these companies that we aren’t but now we’re grateful for it. But at the end of the day, I mean if you look and read closely Steve’s comments on financial services, given what they face they turned in a pretty good result and as a result when you look at the names and then you turn and say, what is the impact on Accenture? Frankly it’s been modest and it’s more in the dislocation and ultimate hopefully relocation than it is things that were started that are no longer going anymore. So I think whether you’re looking at the UK or whether you’re looking broadly at financial services across the globe, I think we’re holding our own pretty well in that market.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just going back to North America and I guess specifically the US, can you give a little bit more color on what’s been driving the really strong growth that you’ve seen there? I know you mentioned there was a big shift toward outsourcing over the last couple of quarters, but anything beyond that?
Stephen J. Rohleder: The shift from consulting to outsourcing is primarily in financial services as you’d expect in the US, strong growth in consulting in consumer products for our products operating group, and in utilities and energy in the resources group. And again, that consulting group is ERP and systems integration work. But I think that it’s a great balance of both consulting and outsourcing as we look at North America. So I think the portfolio is really serving us well here where we have one group that’s experiencing this shift in outsourcing while the other one is seeing an increase or strong steady growth in the consulting area. Public service is steady as well. They had good strong growth in consulting as well. So that kind of gives you a little bit of color about the operating units in the US.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: One last one for Pam. Very good cash flow expectations for 09 especially out of the gate. Are there any one-time impacts in there or anything to call out less cash taxes in fiscal 09 versus fiscal 08 for some reason? Anything like that?
Pamela J. Craig: Nothing really out of the ordinary, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: The first question is kind of a two-part question around the performance on outsourcing bookings. Can you dive into that just a little bit more? I know you’re talking about a little bit of a mix shift from consulting to outsourcing, but those numbers were certainly well ahead of our estimates and well ahead of the street. Is there anything underneath the covers there from a geographic perspective or a vertical perspective that’s really driving that outperformance?
Stephen J. Rohleder: I’d say that the bookings performance is primarily a result of the work that we’ve done in the prior two quarters to be very selective about what we’re going after and to make sure that we’re focused on delivering. In terms of specific emphasis, I’d say application outsourcing probably drove most of it. There were a few what we call bundled deals where you had infrastructure outsourcing and application outsourcing bundled together. But by and large it was application outsourcing. A few BPO sales in the F&A area but other than that, that’s kind of the focus. And geographically I’d say it was actually pretty balanced between North America or the Americas and EMEA with a smaller increase in Asia Pacific.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: And the follow up on the outsourcing bookings for Pam, your guidance for EBIT margins if I’ve got the right numbers here look like they’ll be the highest in five or six years at the midpoint there. And I guess the obvious question is, with outsourcing bookings being so strong the notion is that that can be a drag on overall margins. Can you talk a little bit about how the bookings may prove to flow over fiscal 09? Are you expecting outsourcing versus consulting, that mix, to change much and how that may impact margins, because that’s a pretty good guidance range?
Pamela J. Craig: We’re not expecting our mix to ultimately change much at all and we are expecting improved outsourcing profitability in 09.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: The next question is around hiring plans. I don’t know Steve if you’ve mentioned what your plans are for fiscal 09 as far as overall headcount growth and are you planning on keeping utilization rates in and around that 84% range that you’ve been successful at this year?
Stephen J. Rohleder: Utilization we’re targeting about where it is, maybe slightly higher, but in that range. I think that from a headcount standpoint what you ought to rely on is that we’re probably going to be flat this year. Our estimates show basically to deliver our plan with the attrition levels that we have we’ll maintain about the same number of hires that we had this year.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Resource has obviously been a great tailwind for a number of quarters here. I’m just wondering, has there been any weakness at all from pipeline conversion or the outlook there, utilities have been strong but given the dislocation that we’re seeing in that market, any signs of weakness around resources?
Stephen J. Rohleder: Well they have to replenish their pipeline since they had such a big year so they’re working hard to do that. But basically they’re watching China to make sure that we don’t see anything crazy there but I think we ought to expect that they’re going to continue to execute the way they have.
Richard Clark: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Real quickly Pam, on the founder shares that are getting bought back, those are basically all coming out of the share count when we think about the basic share count once you guys are done buying those shares back.
Pamela J. Craig: What we’re doing is we are doing the final release which means they become unrestricted but whether or not we buy them back is up to the holders. So they would present them to us in our quarterly windows and we would them buy them back or redeem them.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: You don’t have a sense on how many would actually get handed back to you at this point but they would become unrestricted it sounds like on a pro rate basis throughout the whole year?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes. I mean it really just depends on them if they hold or sell, and certainly some of them will be s old or redeemed.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And if you’re buying them back though, they definitely are coming out of the share count? That’s just what I was trying to confirm.
Pamela J. Craig: Correct.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: This is not an auction process or anything along those lines? It’s just a matter of them deciding that they want to do it, right?
Pamela J. Craig: That’s right. Because when they’re unrestricted, it will be the market price.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: On the operating margins, I just wanted to come back to the point that you just made a second ago about the 10 to 40 basis points of operating margin expansion. With the increased contribution from outsourcing, is it correct that you’re saying that even if outsourcing is growing a little bit faster than consulting say, you’re not expecting much of a mix shift in the revenue contribution of consulting versus outsourcing?
Pamela J. Craig: That’s right. We’re not expecting much of a mix shift at all in the revenue.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Going back to your bookings guidance, is this the first time that you guys have currency adjusted your bookings target? I’m just looking back through the last set of notes and I just can’t recall but the growth rate that you guys have in the bookings for next year, the $26 billion to $29 billion, that also takes into account the same drag of the 2% to 4% points for all of fiscal year 09? Is that correct?
Pamela J. Craig: It does. We just felt that based on the recent volatility and the size of it that it was prudent to do that.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And that’s the same 2% to 4% that you’re applying to the revenue model?
Pamela J. Craig: Yes.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Maybe just to shift gears real quickly to Steve on the operating metrics in terms of the top two or three things that you really think you really need to focus on. I guess if you wouldn’t mind, just addressing Europe one more time and then the financial services sector, how do both of those come back as you look at fiscal 2009 from a growth perspective? What would be sort of the key drivers?
Stephen J. Rohleder: I think as I said in the comments Julio, financial services we kind of expect modest growth. I think Bill’s touched on the opportunities that we have as that industry restructures itself. I think it plays right into our hand in terms of consulting and transformational change. I think we’ve laid that out. In terms of Europe, we’re watching it very closely. We’re watching Continental Europe very closely. Each one of the geographic units has pipeline revenue and chargeability goals by quarter that we’re monitoring very closely. So there’s no reason for alarm but we’re going to continue to watch it.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just to finish off on the geographics, did you guys talk at all about Germany? I know you said UK was weaker; Spain, France, Italy sounded better; did you mention Germany?
Stephen J. Rohleder: I didn’t. I said they’re holding their own right now, in response to a question.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: The first question was on the operating metrics in terms of what levers you have left to pull. I think of the traditional ones, utilization, pricing, that kind of stuff.
Stephen J. Rohleder: Utilization obviously is one. We’re watching the pipeline, the conversion of that pipeline very, very closely. We’re also watching the hiring process because usually in the fall we do bring in a number of people, so we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of too many people. We’re calibrating all of those things. We’re also, and Pam mentioned this and I think it’s important to bring up again, that SG&A is a continued focus for us. We’re pulling those levers to make sure that we’re not overspending in the back office and that we’re pushing the same initiatives that we had in FY08 but extending them into 09. Plus our operational efficiency in making sure we’re driving our contract metrics. So all of those are the levers that I’m watching.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And from a headcount growth perspective, when you said flat target for the year you meant 17,000 versus the 17,000 you just added this year?
Stephen J. Rohleder: We hired about 54,000 people in the year. The net when you factor in attrition was 17,000. But we hired about 54,000 and I expect that we’ll probably be flat at that number for FY09.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just to confirm. Your total GDN headcount you said was 83,000?
Stephen J. Rohleder: Yes.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Finally, could I just finish up with Bill then on the landscape post the HP EDS. Any real changes out there on the landscape from a competitive perspective or are you seeing anything from our posture, aggressiveness, just any views?
William D. Green: Really nothing. I think we see people being pretty rational out there. It’s competitive. It always is and it’ll probably get more so. But at the end of the day, we certainly haven’t seen anything that has been catalyzed by that transaction and I think everyone’s sort of in their relative places in the market and just pedaling away on the best opportunities. We forecasted, we thought there might be more change than there has been and I think everyone’s kind of hunkered down, digging in and driving their business forward, which is exactly what we’re doing. Let me just say a couple things in closing if I may. We had another very strong quarter and frankly an outstanding year. We’re delighted with the results. We’re focused on executing our growth plan, staying relevant to our clients, strengthening our global franchise, and continuing to differentiate Accenture in the market place. As I mentioned earlier, we have a unique business model and we’ve built a very strong well positioned company. We continue to operate with focus, discipline and flexibility which is particularly important in the current environment. All of us at Accenture, we live in the markets. We work closely with our clients to help them navigate the changing landscape. We remain confident in our ability to act and react to enhance our position with each and every one of them. In disruption and change we see opportunity; opportunity to further help our clients with high performance; opportunity to further differentiate ourselves from others; opportunity to expand market share, revenue and profit; and opportunity to redefine our industry. And I’d like to thank the more than 186,000 men and women of Accenture whose dedication day in and day out is what enables us to deliver tremendous value to our clients as well as our shareholders. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued support and we look forward to seeing you at our annual investor and analyst conference on November 12 in New York.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-06-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Richard Clark – IR William Green – CEO Pamela Craig – CFO Steve Rohleder - COO
Analysts:  Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Adam Frisch – UBS Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers 
Operator: Welcome to Accenture’s third quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Richard Clark; please go ahead sir.
Richard Clark: Thank you everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are William Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. William will begin with an overview of our results. Pamela will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pamela will then provide our business output for the remainder of fiscal year 2008 and William will close the presentation before we take your questions.  As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today’s call we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss are forward-looking. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.accenture.com.  Now let me turn the call over to William.
William Green: Thank you Richard and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased you could join us today as we discuss our outstanding performance in the third quarter. As you’ve seen in our news release we turned in our highest ever quarterly revenues and earnings per share. Our results clearly reflect the extraordinary range and depth of our services along with our tight focus on operating discipline. Here are some of the highlights from the quarter. First we grew revenues 20% in US dollars and 12% in local currency with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing. We delivered earnings per share of $0.74, an increase of 36% over Q3 last year and we have again raised our expectations for EPS for the full fiscal year. We delivered outstanding new bookings of $6.8 billion including record consulting bookings of $4 billion and outsourcing bookings of $2.8 billion. We grew operating income 27% and expanded operating margin by 70 basis points. Along with that our balance sheet continues to remain strong. We generated tremendous free cash flow of more then $1 billion in the quarter and we are continuing to return cash to shareholders. We have been steadily building a formidable leadership position investing in our business and increasing market share. Our efforts are clearly paying off.  With that I’ll turn it over to Pamela who will provide details on our financials for the quarter.
Pamela Craig: Thank you William and thanks for listening today. I am pleased to tell you more about our great results in the third quarter of fiscal 2008. Once again we had very strong revenue growth but of particular note this quarter was the strong profitability shown through our operating margin expansion. We also had record EPS driven largely by these strong operating results. Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow.  Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP except the items that are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations.  Net revenues for the third quarter were $6.1 billion, an increase of 20% in US dollars and 12% in local currency over the third quarter last year. This was slightly above the top end of the range we provided last quarter due to an additional one point lift in FX. The year-over-year growth in local currency of 12% is at the top end of our annual range of 9% to 12% in local currency.  Consulting revenues were $3.7 billion, an increase of 20% in US dollars and 12% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.4 billion, also an increase of 20% in US dollars and 12% in local currency.  Moving down the income statement gross margin was 31.5% compared with 31.7% for the same period last year. This quarter’s gross margin was in line with our expectations and year-to-date operating margin is consistent with last year. SG&A costs for the quarter were $1 billion or 17.3% of net revenues compared with $921 million or 18.1% of net revenues for the third quarter last year. The change is primarily due to a decrease in G&A costs offset by a slight increase in sales and marketing costs as percentage of net revenues. This reflects our ongoing efforts to hold G&A growth below revenue growth. Operating income for the quarter increased 27% to $862 million reflecting a 14.1% operating margin. This compares with $682 million or 13.4% operating margin in the third quarter of last year, an expansion of 70 basis points reflecting the continued improvement in G&A. Year-to-date operating margin of 12.8% is in line with the range we had provided for operating margin for the fiscal year.  Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 30.8% and our year-to-date effective tax rate is 28.4% consistent with our annual guided range of 28% to 30%. Income before minority interest for the quarter was $608 million, compared with $473 million for the third quarter last year, an increase of 28%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.74, an increase of 36% over diluted EPS of $0.54 in the third quarter last year.  The biggest reason for this increase was our strong growth in revenue and operating income. Favorable foreign exchange rates, a lower share count, and a slightly lower tax rate also contributed to the increase compared with last year’s third quarter. Now let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.01 billion resulting from cash from operating activities of $1.08 billion and property and equipment additions of $66 million. Our DSO’s, or day’s services outstanding, continued to drive strong free cash flow. DSO’s were 35 days consistent with 35 days in the second quarter. We continue to manage DSO levels to be in the 30s, a level that is strong and industry-leading.  Our total cash balance at May 31st was $3.33 billion compared with $3.31 billion at August 31st. We continued to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the quarter which I will describe in more detail momentarily. Total debt at May 31st was $7 million compared with $9 million at February 29th and $26 million at August 31st. Our balance sheet metrics continue to be very strong. For the third quarter our return on invested capital was 69%, our return on equity was 72% and our return on assets was 19%. Let me turn now to share repurchases, during the third quarter we repurchased or redeemed 13.1 million shares for $484 million and facilitated the redemption of 4.1 million more shares through the use of our redemption shelf. The average price of shares repurchased or redeemed with cash in the quarter was $37.05 a share. At May 31st, we had $3.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Last quarter we announced the acceleration of the release of certain founder shares held by former senior executives. That program continues. We are about to enter the final year of our eight year program to lift the last restrictions on founder shares in an orderly way.  There now remain only 61 million founder shares held by former senior executives that are restricted until July, 2009. Two-thirds of these are SCA shares which need to be redeemed through Accenture. We expect to primarily use our cash to redeem these shares as we have in the past. We will continue to facilitate an orderly, non-disruptive transition of the remaining restricted shares.  Finally let me comment on the size of our public float. Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation our public float at the end of the third quarter was approximately 71%. This calculation excludes all outstanding founder shares, even the unrestricted shares held by former senior executives. If we include those unrestricted shares our public float is approximately 76%.  So now let’s turn to Steve who will give you some operational detail. 
Steve Rohleder: Thank you Pamela, hi everyone and thanks for joining us today. As you can see from the numbers, Q3 was another excellent quarter. We have consistently delivered solid financial results as we benefit from our global presence, our durable client relationships and specialized service offerings. Let me take you through some of the highlights starting with the operating groups. All five operating groups achieved double-digit revenue growth in US dollars and products, resources, and public service also had double-digit growth in local currency. Products, which is our largest operating group, turned in a very strong quarter with revenue growth of 19% in local currency. Products has built a base of very strong client relationships leading to consulting and outsourcing growth across all geographic regions. There was also strong demand for ERP and consumer goods and services as well as in retail.  Our resources operating group recorded its first $1 billion revenue quarter. A lot of the activity in resources is related to globalization and a demand for natural resources which are generating increased demand for ERP and supply chain services. Demand in utilities is very strong and the mining industry is emerging as a major growth opportunity for us.  The public service operating group had a strong quarter growing revenues 19% in US dollars and 13% in local currency and expanding operating margin. The revenue increase was driven primarily by consulting growth in all regions especially in EMEA, and also by the continued demand in the US federal space for classified and defense work. I know there’s a lot of interest in financial services so I’ll provide a quick update. Even in challenging times we posted 8% local currency growth in financial services. Banking clients are coming to us for cost improvement initiatives and to improve customer interaction. In insurance our asset based strategy is paying off with sales related to claims processing and policy management. And demand continues to be solid throughout Europe and North America.  Now turning to the geographic regions in the Americas, revenues grew 17% in US dollars and 14% in local currency driven by solid growth in the US, Brazil and Canada. In EMEA revenues increased 23% in US dollars and 11% in local currency driven by strong results in Italy, France and Spain. And revenues in Asia Pacific grew 19% in US dollars and 6% in local currency reflecting business expansion in Japan, China and Singapore. Our growth in Asia Pacific was partially offset by a decline in revenues in Australia.  Next I’ll take you through some of the trends that we’re seeing with our growth platforms. In management consulting we’re seeing growing demand for work associated with market entry strategies and product lifecycle management. There’s also continued demand for finance and performance management services especially in risk management. Demand for supply chain is also strong with clients looking at every aspect of their operating models from low cost country sourcing to the configuration of their manufacturing operations. And in talent and organization performance we’re helping clients attract, develop and retain talent as well as manage their large diverse workforces over multiple geographies. In the systems integration and technology part of consulting, we’re seeing strong demand in technology consulting with the primary focus on security, data center consolidation, and workplace collaboration technologies. In systems integration we’ve invested in building a global capability of industry-leading SAP and Oracle skills and are well positioned to satisfy the continuing demand for ERP implementations. And through the Accenture technology labs we’re developing a steady stream of innovative technology offerings, many using next generation communication and collaboration software tools. The build out of our global delivery network continues to differentiate us in the marketplace. In Q3 we added centers in Argentina, Mexico, and Morocco bringing the total number of our centers to 52. We had a year-over-year headcount increase of 21% ending the quarter with nearly 77,000 people in the global delivery network. In outsourcing we continue to benefit from the bundled outsourcing trend as clients see the advantage of outsourcing multiple processes, applications and/or infrastructure to a single provider. We’re seeing demand for application outsourcing as well as BPO with interest in procurement, talent management and learning, as well as our pharmaceutical and healthcare offerings. Before I cover operational metrics, I’d like to take a minute to update you on some of the acquisitions that we had during the quarter. We continue to invest in targeted tactical acquisitions expanding our capabilities in several key areas and geographies. For example in Japan we acquired a company which expanded our Oracle capabilities. We also acquired a California based provider of services to global freight management and [interlining] cargo companies which strengthens our freight and logistics offerings. And we announced the acquisition of a Brazilian company which will enhance the IT and automation solutions we provide to resource clients. Finally let me turn to a few operational metrics. We’re delighted that new bookings for the quarter were $6.8 billion including consulting bookings of nearly $4 billion; our highest quarterly consulting bookings ever and solid outsourcing bookings of $2.8 billion. In terms of our people, we ended the quarter with just over 180,000 employees, utilization was 85% and attrition was 16%, down two percentage points from Q3 last year.  We continued to pay close attention to supply and demand, balancing utilization, attrition, recruiting, and training. So to wrap things up, this was another outstanding quarter. The investments we’re making in specialized skills and capabilities, the flexibility of our operating model and our operational discipline are paying off as demonstrated by our excellent performance again this quarter.  With that let me turn it back to Pamela for our business outlook.
Pamela Craig: Thanks Steve, starting with next quarter’s revenues we expect net revenues for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion. This range assumes the foreign exchange lift of 7% to 8%. Based on our strong performance year-to-date and with one quarter left in the fiscal year we are in a position to narrow our outlook on some key metrics for the full fiscal year 2008. We now expect net revenue growth for the full fiscal year to be towards the upper end of our previously guided range of 9% to 12% in local currency. As you know, we have targeted new bookings for the fiscal year in the range of $24 billion to $26 billion. Based on the bookings activity in the month of June and the visibility we have to additional expected bookings in the fourth quarter we are narrowing the range for new bookings for the full fiscal year to $25 billion to $26 billion.  We continue to expect operating margin for the full year to be in the range of 12.8% to 13.1%. We are raising our outlook for earnings per share for the full fiscal year to a range of $2.63 to $2.65. We are also raising our outlook for cash flow. We now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.58 billion to $2.78 billion, property and equipment addition to be $380 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, and increase of $200 million over our previous outlook.  Finally we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range 28% to 30%. Next quarter we will provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2009. We currently see a continuation of our annual revenue growth objective of 9% to 12% in local currency. We will provide more detail when we announce our fourth quarter results and provide FY09 guidance in three month’s time. While there continues to be plenty of uncertainty and volatility in markets around the world, we remain focused on providing the services that meet our clients’ evolving needs and on driving our business for continued growth and profitability.  So here is William to close before we take your questions. 
William Green: Thank you Pamela, let me just recap for a minute before we take some questions from you. I hope you can see why we’re pleased with our performance in the third quarter. We continue to position Accenture for success by investing in innovation, making the tactical acquisitions, and ensuring that we have the best skills, capabilities and people. There is a huge opportunity in helping clients navigate the constantly changing global economy. We are seizing that opportunity and this is what is contributing to our momentum and our success. Our results I think demonstrate that we’re not only committed to helping our clients become high performance businesses, but that we are equally committed to Accenture’s high performance.  With that let me go to some of your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Can you give us some specificity on how your growth is playing out in your consulting business versus your outsourcing business? Your consulting bookings growth remains strong. I think the prior expectation has been that the outsourcing business would see some decelerating revenue growth for maybe another quarter or two and then stronger outsourcing bookings would be able to lift that business. Is that still the outlook for the outsourcing business based on what you’re seeing in the pipeline and how that’s played out since the last time you spoke to us?
Steve Rohleder: I think in the last quarter I did comment as you point out in the outsourcing business, I think it varies by area of our business. We’re seeing strong consulting growth still in the ERP area. Very steady growth in management consulting and as I said in my comments, in the outsourcing business especially in this quarter, we saw very strong application outsourcing growth which is really driving some of the outsourcing bookings that we saw there. For the quarter, last quarter we had said, look we believe that because our bookings are lumpy that the realization of revenue may vary quarter-on-quarter. We worked that very hard this quarter to make sure that we attained the level that we did and we’re going to continue to do that going forward. But overall, both of those areas are very healthy and the demand is very healthy as well. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: On the revenue outlook front it sounds like you’re signaling that 9% to 12% local currency growth can continue here which if I remember correctly is exactly what you did last year at this time. I’m anticipating that the questions that we’ll see on this is, are you far enough into your planning process for next year to be comfortable making that statement at this point in time? And can you give any more elaboration on what’s behind that outlook.
William Green: We’re sort of half way through the planning process although if you think about our business, even as we do our state of the business discussions which we do every other week, we take a multi quarter view of that and just to the nature of the size and the scope and the nature of the deals I would tell you the guys that run the five pieces of business around here are very optimistic and very bullish. The planning process for 2009 is coming together nicely and when we stand back, we feel better looking at 2009 then we felt this time last year when we were looking at 2008. So I think there’s a lot of evidence that makes us feel that way and gives us some confidence about the future.  We also just believe deeply that we need to drive this business regardless of what’s happening in the economic situation and we need to make that kind of growth happen in order to have creditability and in order to keep the machine going so we feel pretty comfortable with that outlook and I would tell you that like every company, we spend a lot of time reading the tea leaves and trying to chart where the future is going to go. But we feel good about the business. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: You mentioned that you feel better about the next year’s outlook then you did this year at this time, that’s a big statement given what’s happened in the economy. Can you pinpoint where that added confidence is coming from? Is it share gains or is it that something in the market has improved to overcome what investors view as a big cyclical obstacle?
William Green: I guess change and challenge drive opportunities for our company. Our job is to make sure we have offerings that are relevant. We have the people on the ground where we need them and to leverage the global footprint we have and the activity across all the industries we serve. I think Steve will comment later on some of the things that are going on in the mining industry. We talked about resources hitting $1 billion. If you look at what’s happening even in consumer products. If you look in the global supply chain space and if you just look at the lift the consulting business is getting that’s all about change. That’s all about people investing in their companies in order to tackle the headwinds of the economy and the opportunities that are on the global stage and that’s the stuff that makes our business go. I think also our ability to serve these companies consistently on a global basis is very unique and these are the world’s two or three thousand largest companies that are our clients and we’re just very grateful for them feeling good and trusting us with helping them change and be more competitive. 
Pamela Craig: Just to add a little bit more in terms of our processes, when we look at our opportunities looking out and we stage them according to how long we think they’re going to take to close and probabilities and all that kind of stuff, but our visibility at this point this year is at least as good, if not a little better then to where it was last year. 
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Just running the math on your latest guidance for 2008, it sounds like you’re keeping your operating margin guidance in tact, given the increase in your EPS guidance, its keeping that operating margin guidance in tact that you had in tact before?
Pamela Craig: Yes, year-to-date we’re at 12.8 which is at the bottom end of that range and we’re saying that we’re going to be in the range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch – UBS
Adam Frisch – UBS: Just to pick up on that last line of questioning, one more question about the guidance for next year, on the outlook for revenues, when you’re going through it is it a bottom up or top down approach that you use and what kind of scenario analysis have you incorporated into the guidance of the 9% to 12%? If things get really bad, does that 9% to 12% go away or is that kind of already in there already based on what you’re seeing now?
Pamela Craig: What we have is largely a bottoms up process in terms of understanding where all these opportunities are and all the various and parts of our business that are all over the world and they’re all different things in consulting and outsourcing. So and of course all the different industries, so that part is the bottoms up. And we have tested it pretty heavily to make sure that the revenue range of 9% to 12% looks good because obviously a lot flows from that. 
Adam Frisch – UBS: I know when I talk to investors everyone says, great quarter they did well, but the slowdown is inevitable, discretionary spend, their so exposed, but when you were here in January talking to investors with us, I think you had the most prolific comment of the year so far when you said, there’s more to life then New York and Boston capital markets and brokers. And it was interesting you said that and things have held up so far to date and now you’re saying they’re holding up again. So maybe you could give us some color on what percentage of your portfolio is experiencing real challenges right now with IT spending cutbacks and what percentage whether it be by vertical or geography are feeling less pressure and allowing you to continue to grow the business the way you are.
William Green: Well let me just give you a couple of comments, if you look where I spent the last six weeks of my life it hasn’t been in the United States. It’s been two weeks in Asia, it’s been in Europe, and it’s been where there are things that are happening around the world. You look at China, we’re growing 40%. In Korea we’re growing in the 30%. If you just move around the business, you look at our business in even a small place like Amsterdam. I can remember when it was 200 people and now it’s close to 4,000. So if you look around the world there’s a lot of activity out there. And I think it goes back to the fact that the leading companies need to compete on the global stage and they need to compete not against yesterday’s competitors, but tomorrow’s competitors. And the next generation of multi nationals that come from emerging markets. And so people continue to invest in the business and I think you have to look at, sure there are people that are being thoughtful, yes there are people that are cutting back, but people are doing the things necessary to compete.  And even if you look at the United States, those of us who live here read the paper every day. Things look a little gloomy but our growth in the Americas, our growth in the US business was great this quarter and we signed terrific new relationships with clients we had never been at before. And so the job is how do we, Accenture, get lined up with bringing the right products and services that are relevant at that point in time? And I think the fact that our financial services guys can grow 8% year-over-year in this climate says a lot about making sure you have the right offerings and the right people and that you’re creating your own demand in a market like this and that’s frankly how we drive the business.
Steve Rohleder: Just to build on that, William mentioned earlier that we are driving the business and just to give you some color around that, because I think it’s important for people to understand that we don’t just sit by the telephone and wait for the RFP to hit. We’re out there generating demand with our current clients. In fact, again this quarter we had a substantive amount of our bookings attributed to our existing client base and I think that’s very telling in terms of the relationships that we have and the offerings that we have to bring to those clients to drive high performance.  If you look geographically at some of the trends that we’re seeing, in EMEA four of our five operating groups all are experiencing strong consulting growth which is driven by systems integration and management consulting both. If you switch over to the Americas the trend I think generally speaking is more toward outsourcing because of the economic cycle that we’re in. Asia Pacific is kind of a balance of both. So the fact that we have this portfolio of businesses around the world in different countries, in different industries, I think really helps us balance growth in different areas of our business in different parts of the world. 
Adam Frisch – UBS: Any big chunks in the consulting bookings, any big contributions from outsourcing deals or was this another good quarter of singles and doubles?
Steve Rohleder: Singles and doubles, maybe on triple out there but--
Adam Frisch – UBS: The revenue growth has been so strong all year, next year is looking great, margins are moving along steadily but at a more measured pace by the 30 to 50 [bits] or so each year, I know you’re always looking to get more efficient, but are you more focused on growth now and maybe letting the costs go the way they go and maybe not actively managing them as fast because there is so much opportunity out there so if there is a downturn there’s also some leverage that you have on the cost line to maintain the margin growth?
Pamela Craig: I think that the growth is very important, the revenue growth, because with that a lot of things are possible. If you look at the cost base, I think the primary focus is G&A because we’ve demonstrated very consistently our ability to hold the growth on that versus revenues. And so that will continue to be a focus for sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Can we get an update on pricing and then you touched a bit about the [bidding] proposal pipeline, maybe you can kind of give us a feel, is it up year-over-year and then are there any changes in project ramp or in sell cycles?
Steve Rohleder: Yes, the pipeline itself, as I said before is still very healthy and we’re satisfied that it will help us achieve what Pamela has put out there in terms of the guidance so far. I think that it’s really important to just talk about pricing and split it into two areas. I think the pricing; I would tell you that for this quarter, the pricing in North America I was really pleased with. I think we have been able to achieve some of our pricing power in specific areas of our business, namely in management consulting and technology consulting. I think we have room to improve in Europe and we’ve got a program underway to push that as well. We’ve had the same focus the entire year which is basically we want to push specialty skills and management consulting and technology consulting and specialty areas of systems integration. We want to drive pricing and differentiation based on those skills and we’re continuing to do that. And frankly I’m pleased with the progress that we’ve made. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Can you comment also on project ramp and sell cycles, any change there?
Steve Rohleder: Not really. Certainly not in the sell cycle. We’ve talked in earlier quarters about the size of outsourcing and outsourcing deals in the duration, I would tell you just overall I think that clients are beginning to chop up pieces of projects and contract in smaller chunks. That said, we’re able to adjust our sales process to make sure that we’re hitting the overall number. So nothing noteworthy there would by my short version. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just to follow-up on the pipeline really quickly, can you comment a little bit on the composition whether there’s been a change in consulting versus outsourcing?
Steve Rohleder: We haven’t seen a marked shift frankly between consulting and outsourcing. We still feel like we’ve got the pipeline there based on the win rate history that we have. We feel comfortable with our book-to-bill ratio and frankly we haven’t seen a shift between the two types of work. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: On the tax rate, it looks like the tax rate is going to finish around 28% to 30% which is a bit lower then your initial expectations of around 32% for the year, so trying to triangulate tax rate going forward just based on your current revenue mix and geographical exposure, etc. and whether the 28% or 30% is going to be a sustainable rate. 
Pamela Craig: I’m not going to comment on that in terms of next year, but the reason that it came down a bit this year was where there were some discrete items in the prior quarters as well as geographic mix of income and final determinations that went into all that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Any reason why you still wouldn’t be able to get some operating leverage going forward?
Pamela Craig: I think that primarily you will see it from G&A. If you look at the selling side, as Steve mentioned, last quarter we put a little bit more emphasis into selling in the public service area and we’re going to do that. We’re going to make those investments where we think we need to. There is plenty of opportunity there but at the same time we’re going to make the right call for the business.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I just noticed in the operating groups communications and the hi tech, the margin there was down a little bit, could you give us some color on that and then on the flip side of that, financial services, the margin continues to be really strong compared to last year. Could you explain that as well?
Steve Rohleder: I think the financial services guys have done a great job of managing their cost base and balancing the work between consulting and outsourcing, consulting being emphasized in Europe and EMEA and outsourcing growing steadily in the Americas. I’ve got to give them all the credit in the world for managing that business and balancing the portfolio to drive that level of performance. On the CHT side, obviously the growth didn’t come in where we wanted it but our pipeline is still strong and we expect them to bounce back. I’d just point out the operating margin within CHT was still healthy year-to-date at 12%. But quarter-on-quarter, I don’t worry too much about any single entity like that as long as we’re on the right trajectory for year-end.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I often get the question about the software industry and if software shows weakness how is that going to affect Accenture, can you just go through some comments on that?
Steve Rohleder: We got it last quarter as well; I would tell you it doesn’t. At the end of the day what we’re seeing is clients and I’m amazed by this, but it’s still happening, clients on a very large global scale doing their initial contracting for new ERP systems out there. They’ve bought enterprise licenses for multi country installations and they contract with us to implement it. We’ve also seen an increasing trend in the second generation ERP installations, clients that have gone through the first wave of implementation, may or may not be getting what they want and want us to come in and optimize what they’ve got in place right now. So both of those are kind of independent of whether Oracle or SAP or Microsoft of anybody else, what they’re reporting from a revenue standpoint.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I guess we’re in a recession here and yet you keep beating expectations, so I guess I’ve got to ask the question are you surprised how resilient Accenture has been?
William Green: Well every day I get up and think about like who’s sneaking up on me. Let me start with that. But no I’m not surprised because of the durability and the diversity that we’ve been talking about. The global footprint really matters. The ability to serve. If you look at our industries closely, there are about 44 separate industries that we have deep differentiated expertise in. And we have the ability to move people across these verticals quite easily. So you take the global footprint and you take that and you take the fact that we do consulting, we design and build things and we operate 40% of the business operates things on behalf of clients and you put all that together, you have a lot of durability in the business and I think that’s a good thing for us.  That said, we know, we can’t just let it happen we have to make it happen. We have to drive into the marketplace. We have to sharpen the swords. We have to make sure the offerings are relevant. We have to do what Steve described about creating our own demand. We’ve got to move resources from where they are to where the action is and that’s sort of the day job of the leadership of Accenture, making sure we match up demand in the marketplace with the supply we have internally. I think a lot of our results frankly we have made happen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Price - Stifel Nicolaus
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: EMEA, second quarter you’ve neglected to cite the UK in the list of areas of strength, I believe its roughly 15% of revenue in arguably an economic environment that might be more challenged then ours, any thoughts on where the UK stands and kind of what you’re seeing there?
Steve Rohleder: I think both the UK and ASG would be countries that I’d say that we have programs underway right now to really try to energize the business. I’m pleased with the progress we’ve made Q2 to Q3 in the UK but we still have work to go there. I’ll be very honest with you and I think the senior executives that we have running that business are very focused on driving client demand, right sizing our business and making sure that we’re again, driving the business and not letting it drive us. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you be a little bit more specific about those programs and how you’re trying to drive business, how are you changing mix, how has the client mindset or spending patterns changing there?
William Green: I was just over there with some clients and I was with one of them on Tuesday, I think if you stand back and look at the UK, our business in the UK is made of very large projects so what we have more in the UK is we have the sort of wind down and ramp up of projects and that has more influence on our demand then the economic conditions or anything else because the nature of the assignment have hundreds, in some cases thousands of people on them. So that’s one thing. The UK is a tricky supply demand balancing equation. I think the second thing is that getting out there and sometimes you’re so busy doing which we were last year, we didn’t put enough power behind selling and as what we’ve done is turn the turret to focus some of the executives a little less on delivery and a little more on origination and creation of opportunities. We’re doing that. I and Steve and others are spending more time on the ground there. [Carl Hines] of course mark Foster who runs the consulting business is there. That’s an important piece of the franchise. We have a great market position. We’re very well known. We attract the best [-people coming out of the schools and to us it’s a just a quarter or two thing to get it re-sparked and frankly one or two big assignments would do that.  The opportunities there, the consumer products business is good. The energy and mining companies that may not have operations there but are based there are big customers. And then the financial services business over there is sort of shaken a little bit like here but they’re also focusing on opportunities around outsourcing primarily in the technology area. Those are some of the biggest sources that we’re focused on. The thing that is important is we have great long-term client relationships in the UK and those serve us well over time year after year after year.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of the demand question and the growth question I think you’ve talked about fiscal 2009 probably about as much as you’re going to in terms of guidance but what are you looking for, what would you imagine could derail your current outlook absent some unforeseen catastrophe. What are you watching most? Are there particular metrics or indicators, what are you watching?
William Green: I would say we’ve been watching them all of 2008 so we’re not doing anything different in 2009 and we’ve been delighted with our results in 2008. Every quarter we continue to get the thing sorted out and get a good result and drive the thing forward. The thing that we look at mostly is before we do earnings we sit down with all the business runners and we have a little come to Jesus meeting and we look at, what is it we’re going to say to you guys and how credible is it going to be and that’s the thing that gets us energized and in fact we had a discussion this morning about taking a little off it because the people are very bullish about their business and if our financial services guys can do what they’re doing in this climate and our resources people have offerings that nobody has in an area of industry that’s on fire.  We’ve got a lot that’s breaking our way and if we can continue to be globally efficient and yet really locally responsive in the places around the world where the action is, we believe that we’re going to continue the momentum that we have and we look at this at the client level of detail all the time. So this isn’t just a lot of large number stuff, this is client by client and to recognize that many of these clients have been clients for a decade. We’re sort of their go-to people and they have change agendas and they need our help and we’re going to be there for them. We feel good about it in that sense. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: US strongest growth constant currency, certainly you had easier comps, and I know you mentioned outsourcing as a key trend there, can you maybe give a little bit more detail about what’s driving it in terms of particular verticals, and maybe types of outsourcing, application outsourcing, is that particularly strong, can we read into that, would you consider yourselves taking some share possibly from some of the offshore players at the outsourcing side?
Steve Rohleder: I don’t know about the share at that granular a level, but I would tell you that if you look at the verticals you kind of go through each one, CHT in the US specifically is doing nicely from a consulting standpoint. Public service is also growing from a consulting standpoint. Resources both consulting and outsourcing primarily in the natural resources and utilities areas, primarily in application outsourcing, products as I mentioned in the comments, our health and life sciences and retail, consumer goods guys all seeing strong growth in the consulting side and then FS primarily outsourcing. So that kind of gives you some color group by group.
William Green: I would just add that as we look at the US there’s plenty of opportunity. There’s a lot of opportunity or deals we don’t want but the ones we do want that have to do with leading companies with long-term relationships, we’re just very focused on those because we have an opportunity to bring all three growth platforms to bear and when we bring consulting in, building and operating to bear, we have a distinctive capability and that’s something that appeals at the [C] level in these companies particularly in the US based ones. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the moving parts underlying the gross margin?
Pamela Craig: Sure, the underlying margins were good. And I’d say they’re flattish year-to-year and in this environment they’re right where we wanted them to come in and as you know we operate the business to operating margin and there we saw the expansion. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Anything going on in terms of the labor market being more or less competitive, obviously attrition improved but just over time how should we think about, I know it’s not the focus but how should we think about the gross margins?
Pamela Craig: We’re in a good point in the year in the sense that most of the salary increases go in towards the beginning of the year and we did have higher ones this year. We’ve been absorbing them fine so that’s the point that we are in the year so that isn’t playing a lot into the results for the third quarter. 
Steve Rohleder: On the talent side, we’re not seeing any problem at all attracting the numbers that we need, in fact our acceptance rate has been right in line with what it’s been over the last eight quarters so we’re not seeing any problem at all getting the talent that we need.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I realize that a lot of your costs are matched up in terms of currency with the revenues but anything we should think about in terms of translation or any hedging that you do even if it doesn’t get hedge accounting treatment under FAS 133, can you just talk about that?
Pamela Craig: We obviously for years have hedged inter company loans around this global company but one thing that we started doing actually just recently is that we are starting to have more business where the revenues are in one currency and the costs are in another through our global delivery network. And the biggest pairs we have there are the US rupee, the US Philippine peso and the pound rupee and so we have started a program to partially hedge those costs and that’s going very well. We also look to recover that as much as we can in the contracts. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: So then if the, obviously you’ve gotten quite a bit of help from currency in terms of revenue if the currencies switch and move against you, the hedging then is intended to help protect against that and you think you’re all the way where you need to be?
Pamela Craig: Well yes, the hedging locks it in. We’ve been through periods where the currency has gone the other way and that’s why we give the revenue results in local currency so that you have a feel for how the business is growing. We’re denominated in dollars and yet our business is largely not in dollars and so it’s important to keep that perspective. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Could you just talk a little bit about the opportunities in China in terms of both labor pool and then I think William mentioned the growth there has been very good. Could you just talk a little bit about the markets there please?
Steve Rohleder: Two things I’d comment on, one I really like the progress and the growth that we’ve experienced in our global delivery network offices in China and I think we just crossed a major milestone in terms of people there. Secondly I think the work that we’re doing for a lot of the multi national companies or companies that want to move into China is kind of the focus. I would tell you we had a meeting last week with our executive leadership team and we had our chairman come in from China and present a strategy and I think it was really effective in terms of how we’re teaming up with the government to drive the labor pool in China and had some very creative ideas. The demand of the market is there. Frankly I think we’re maturing at the right pace, I don’t think we’re getting overly aggressive but we’re growing at the pace of the market so I’m really pleased with the opportunities that we’ve got. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers
Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers: I’d like to go back actually to the very first question which was about the outsourcing revenue growth, that really seems to be the delta versus street expectations where on your guidance we were expecting a growth rate deceleration and in fact it accelerated. That would normally be given the nature of the business something you could anticipate and predict reasonably accurately so could you just once more just run through why that came higher then you thought. Was it primarily the aps outsourcing, was it a big project runoff that got pushed out, maybe a little bit more color would help us, thanks. 
Steve Rohleder: Two things, number one we did have a good spike in application outsourcing growth. We’re able frankly to position and mobilize people a little bit quicker when we see more application outsourcing. There’s less transition work frankly so we worked it very hard. As I said before, in the last quarter we felt like we wanted to at least signal the possibility that there could be a slowdown. That said we went to work right after the quarter closed and made sure that we were transitioning those projects that we had sold as quickly as possible and I think you see that in the results for outsourcing revenue this quarter.
William Green: I would just add the other thing is there’s a lot of expansion opportunities in the outsourcing space so when we saw that the thing looked like it was going to slow down a little, you turn up the burners underneath that to make sure that you’re leveraging the existing client base and [Campbell] and that crew can turn that thing around pretty quickly because the relationships are deep, they’re long-term and we can add scope and add responsibility fairly quickly and that’s what the team did. We’re delighted with the outcome and we feel good as we look ahead with it as well. 
Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers: It’s tough to find any signs of weakness in this quarter but you did admit that in the communications hi tech vertical to growth was not quite where you wanted it; could you add a little bit more color as to where you might have seen some of the challenges perhaps geographically?
William Green: One is we had a couple of monster projects that are converting. I think one of them every week we convert tons and tons of subscribers so that’s slowing down a little. I think in the telecom space is actually going very well and the electronics and hi tech space and media, we’d like to see a little more lift and a little more momentum. It’s the semiconductor guys and the consumer electronics guys try to decide what they’re demand picture is going to be and what the profile is going to be and then the other thing is there’s a shift. There’s a lot more activity in Asia then there was and some less activity in the developed countries and all that when you put it into the mix has an impact there. That said I know that business pretty well and I feel very good about it and what we’re doing and the things we have underway. When the work comes there it comes in very large and important pieces so we feel good about the business but we would have liked to have seen a little more juice out of them this quarter. I appreciate everybody tuning in. Let me just say a couple of words in closing, first we’ve got strong momentum in our business as we enter into the final quarter of the year. I think you can see that. Demand for our services remain strong, we see great opportunities to serve clients even in markets with adverse economic conditions. And we’re well equipped to capture those opportunities.  More then that with the skills and dedication of our people help differentiate Accenture from our competitors and all of us remain focused on building an even stronger Accenture while delivering value to our clients and therefore our shareholders. So thanks very much for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-03-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark – Investor Relations William Green - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Pamela Craig - Chief Financial Officer Stephen Rohleder - Chief Operating Officer 
Analysts:  Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Adam Frisch – UBS Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns Ed Caso - Wachovia Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research George Price - Stifel Nicolaus Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi 
Operator:  Welcome to Accenture’s second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) With that being said I would now like to introduce your opening speaker today, Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Clark: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I’m Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to view the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today’s call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results; Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet; and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business output for the remainder of fiscal year 2008 and Bill will close the presentation before we take your questions.  As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today’s call we’re talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we’ll discuss on this call are forward-looking. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today’s news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the investor relations section of our website at Accenture.com.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill.
William Green: Thank you, Richard and good afternoon, everyone. We’re pleased that you could join us today as we discuss our strong second quarter financial results. Our continued focus on clients, on execution and on accountability serves us well. In today’s environment clients are looking for results, and this plays to our strength. We see a lot of opportunities for our services in the market, and we are laser focused on taking advantage of them. We are fortunate to have great clients and great people and that combination really drives our continued strong results and our confidence going forward.  Here are some highlights from the quarter: First we grew revenues 18% in US dollars and 11% in local currency with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing.  We had strong earnings of $0.64 a share and we have again raised our outlook for EPS for the full fiscal year.  We delivered outstanding new bookings of $6.4 billion and record consulting bookings of $3.8 billion.  Our balance sheet continues to be strong with free cash flow this quarter of $645 million. Finally, we continue to return cash to shareholders through the repurchase of 16.3 million shares this quarter.  With that, let me turn the call over to Pam for details on our financials.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Bill and thanks to all of you for listening today. I am pleased to tell you more about our strong results in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. We had record consulting bookings, double-digit revenue growth in both consulting and outsourcing and strong quarterly earnings. Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Unless I state otherwise, all figures are GAAP except the items are not part of the financial statements or that are calculations. Net revenues for the second quarter were $5.6 billion, in line with our guided range of $5.5 billion to 5.7 billion. Net revenues increased 18% in US dollars and 11% in local currency over the second quarter of last year, solidly in line with our guided annual range of 9% to 12% in local currency. Consulting revenues were $3.35 billion, an increase of 18% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were a record high of $2.26 billion, also an increase of 18% in US dollars and 11% in local currency. Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 29.5% compared with 29.6% for the same period last year. SG&A costs for the quarter were $1 billion or 18% of net revenues compared with $839 million or 17.7% of net revenues for the second quarter last year. The change is comprised of a 40 basis point increase in sales and marketing costs, offset by a 10 basis point decrease in G&A costs. This represents higher sales costs related to the development of early stage opportunities in our pipeline, particularly in our public service operating group.  Operating income for the quarter increased 14% to $638 million, reflecting an 11.4% operating margin. This compares with $559 million or 11.8% operating margin in the second quarter last year. Operating margin was consistent with our expectations for the second quarter and as a component of the fiscal year as the second quarter typically has lower operating margin. Our year-to-date effective tax rate decreased to 27%, resulting in a rate of 17.8% for the quarter. The year-to-date rate of 27% was lower than our previously communicated annual range of 32% to 34% due to a couple of items not anticipated: first, some final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities and second, the effect of new research and development credits outside the US. The effect of these items in the quarter was $0.09 when compared to the low end of our previously communicated tax range. Income before minority interest for the quarter was $534 million compared with $413 million for the second quarter last year, an increase of 29%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.64, an increase of 36% over diluted EPS of $0.47 in the second quarter last year. This EPS of $0.64 reflect our strong revenue growth in solid operating results and also included the effect of the lower tax rate and a lower share count compared with last year. Now let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $645 million resulting from cash from operating activities of $724 million and property and equipment additions of $79 million. Turning to DSOs, our days services outstanding was 35 days, down from 37 days in the first quarter. We believe that a DSO level that continues to be in the 30s is very strong. Our total cash balance at Feb 29 was $2.58 billion compared to $3.31 billion at August 31. Cash combined with $129 million of fixed-income securities classified as investments on our balance sheet was $2.71 billion at February 29 compared to $3.61 billion at August 31. We continue to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the quarter which I will describe in more detail momentarily. Total debt at February 29th was $9 million compared with $8 million at November 30 and $26 million at August 31.  Our balance metrics sheet remain strong. For the second quarter our return on invested capital was 68%, our return on equity was 71% and our return on assets was 19%.  Before I turn things over to Steve I will comment on share repurchases and update you on how we are continuing to address the founder share overhang. During the quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 16.3 million shares for $549 million including approximately 3.6 million shares repurchased in the open market. The average price of shares repurchased or redeemed in the quarter was $33.78 a share. At February 29 we had $3.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Turning now to the July 2009 founder share overhang, as we have stated we are continuing to take thoughtful steps to make July ‘09 a non-issue. Let me give you an update. First, during Q2 we purchased just under 6 million limited Class A common shares from certain former partners outside the US in targeted repurchase transactions in a per-share price of $33.29. At the end of Q2 this left approximately 94 million founder shares held by retired or resigned partners that are locked up until July 2009. Second, effective April 1 we are accelerating the release over Q3 and Q4 of this fiscal year, of more than one-third of these locked up founder shares held by some former partners. These shares would then be redeemable through Accenture and we expect to use our cash to redeem them as in the past. We will continue to address the smaller remaining overhang to facilitate an orderly transition of the shares. Finally, let me comment on the size of our public float. Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculations, our public float at the end of the quarter was approximately 69% which excludes all outstanding founder shares. All in all we had a strong quarter and are pleased and proud of our results.  Now Steve will give you some operational detail.
Stephen Rohleder: Thanks, Pam. Hi, everyone and thanks for joining us today. Q2 was another strong quarter. Let me take you through some of the highlights starting with the operating groups. We’re extremely pleased that four of our five operating groups achieved strong revenue growth and also delivered strong operating margin.  I know there’s a lot of interest in financial services so I’ll provide a quick update on that operating group. We are seeing strong demand in financial services throughout Europe and increased demand in Asia Pacific, while North America is holding up well. Through long-term relationships with key clients, we are selling additional work and signing contract renewals and extensions. We’ve sharpened our offerings to target the C-suite issues of today including cost management and we are using outsourcing as a strategic tool to deliver improved business results. Another operating group I’d like to highlight is communications and high tech which continues to show strong momentum. This was the third straight quarter in which CHT had double-digit revenue growth in both US dollars and in local currency. In communications, we are seeing significant demand in the customer service area which has resulted in some recent big wins throughout Europe.  The public service operating group had some challenges this quarter with 3% revenue growth in US dollars and a decrease of 1% in local currency. This was primarily due to lower outsourcing revenues in the Americas. Q2 operating margin in public service was affected by delivery inefficiencies on a few contracts as well as the investment we are making in building a strong pipeline of early stage opportunities. We are very focused on improving the growth and the operational performance in this business unit. From a geographic standpoint, all three geographic regions continued to deliver solid revenue growth in Q2. In the Americas, revenues grew 13% in US dollars and 10% in local currency. The US and Canada both performed well and Brazil and Argentina have exceptionally strong growth. In EMEA, revenues increased 20% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. We saw strong double-digit growth in local currency in many of the largest countries including Italy, Spain and France. Revenues in Asia Pacific were 35% in US dollars and 23% in local currency, reflecting continued expansion in Japan, Singapore, and China. Now turning to the growth platforms where we’re increasing our differentiation in the marketplace by expanding our capabilities. In management consulting, we are seeing demand from clients for our talent management, supply chain and finance and performance management services. Clients are also turning to us for strategic consulting services such as market entry strategies, mergers and acquisitions, and pricing strategies. In the systems and integration technology part of our consulting business, we are pleased that for the second year in a row, IDC named Accenture the worldwide leader in systems integration and Forrester recently named us the leader in SAP and Oracle implementation services globally. We continue to see strong demand for ERP where our alliance relationships are contributing to our industry-leading position. Our focus on leveraging alliances also has contributed to the success of our Avanade subsidiary. With more than 4,000 people providing solutions based on Microsoft technologies, Avanade continues to grow quickly and profitably. Another technology area we continue to invest in is service-oriented architecture or SOA where we’ve reached some noteworthy milestones recently. Today we’ve trained more than 30,000 of our people in SOA and currently have more than 1,000 SOA-related projects underway. Moving to our global delivery network we now have 76,000 people in 49 delivery centers making Accenture’s global delivery network what we believe to be the largest such network in the world.  In outsourcing we had solid revenue growth this quarter. The growth rates in outsourcing can be variable. While there might be some moderation in the revenue growth rate over the next two quarters given booking patterns in the last two quarters, we believe this business is breaking our way as evidenced by both bookings in this quarter and our pipeline.  In terms of outsourcing demand we are seeing evidence of a growing trend towards bundled outsourcing where clients see the advantage of outsourcing multiple processes, applications and/or infrastructure to a single provider. This bundling plays to the strength of our broad range of offerings and along with our long-term client relationships, has led to an increase in the number of sole-source deals in our pipeline. We’re also pleased with the significant growth in application outsourcing which is still the largest part of our outsourcing business. We continue to help our clients move beyond labor arbitrage by transforming their IT applications to enhance business productivity and we continue to see demand across BPO with exceptionally strong interest in our finance and accounting and procurement offerings. Finally, let me turn to a few operational metrics. We are delighted that new bookings for the quarter were $6.4 billion. This includes consulting bookings of $3.8 billion, an all-time high, and outsourcing bookings of $2.6 billion.  In terms of our people, our recruiting continues as planned and we ended the quarter with 178,000 people. Utilization was 83%, consistent with the first quarter and in the range we expect and attrition decreased to 15%.  Managing supply and demand of our resources remains a top priority. We’re maximizing operational performance by closely tracking and managing levers including utilization, attrition, recruiting and training and balancing them against the market demand.  In closing, we are proud of our Q2 results. We are seeing significant demand in the market for our services and are focused on the operational discipline needed to continue to deliver strong results. With that, let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook.
Pamela Craig: Thank you, Steve. As we’ve done in prior quarters, we provide an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. We also provide for the next quarter for revenues. While there continues to be uncertainty in the global economy, we remain vigilant and focused on driving our business for continued growth and profitability.  For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.85 billion to $6.05 billion. Like last quarter, we are again assuming an FX lift of approximately 7%. Now, let’s turn to the full fiscal year. We continue to target new bookings in the range of $24 billion to $26 billion. We also continue to expect our revenue growth to be in the range of 9% to 12% in local currency. We also continue to expect operating margin for the full year to be in the range of 12.8% to 13.1%. As you have seen, fluctuations quarter to quarter are expected.  We now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 28% to 30%. This includes the impact of the Q2 tax benefits plus some additional tax benefits we anticipate. We are raising our outlook for earnings per share for the fiscal year by $0.19 to a range of $2.55 to $2.60. This is the second time we have raised our EPS guidance during this fiscal year. This updated range for the year continues to reflect our strong operational performance and also reflects the impact of our revised annual effective tax rate and our updated estimate on share count. To complete the annual outlook for fiscal 2008, we now expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.42 billion to $2.62 billion, property and equipment additions to be $420 million, and free cash flow to be in the range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion. In summary, our second quarter results reflect those of a strong business. We are navigating for continued growth and profitability. I am pleased that we continue to deliver well on our commitments for new bookings, revenue growth in local currency, operating margin and free cash flow and that we’re on track to deliver higher earnings per share than we had previously expected.  So here is Bill to close before we take your questions.
William Green: Thank you, Pam. Let me just recap quickly before we take your questions. First, we are very pleased with the performance in the second quarter and we continue to build upon and extend our leadership position in the market. We had double-digit revenue growth in both US dollars and local currency and we delivered EPS of $0.64. Our balance sheet is strong.  We have demonstrated that we have a highly diversified and durable business and continue to see strong demand for our services despite economic uncertainty in some geographies or sectors.  I also want to mention that in addition to delivering strong results, we are taking important steps to build for the future, strengthening our pipeline, expanding our skills and capabilities and creating new offerings that further differentiate Accenture in the marketplace.  With that, let’s take your questions.
Richard Clark: Thanks, Bill. Now we’ll go to your questions. Operator, would you provide the instructions for those on the call?  
Operator:  Absolutely. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : I just want to go back through it, because I’m obviously excited about the bookings and everything that you’re saying about forward trajectory, et cetera, but this quarter appears pretty messy on the operating margin front so if you could just walk us back through the issues at the highest level, first on the income statement perspective?  Secondly if, Steve, maybe you can give us the segment operating view again, because it looked like there were some moving parts at the segment level as well. I just want to make sure we understand what those parts were that led to a little bit of the weakness on the operating margin this quarter.
Pamela Craig:   Julio, I’ll take the first part and then let Steve get into that as you suggest.  First of all, the operating margin in the second quarter is typically lower. Last year it was 11.8%, this year it’s 11.4%. As I said, it was right in line with our expectations, actually. This year if you look at the underlying margins you saw the gross margins about flat, margins in parts of our business are up, some down, but on balance relatively flat.  Also if you look at, we had higher salary increases this year that we’ve been absorbing and we’re on track to fully absorb those this year, and our utilization rate is 300 basis points lower; again something we planned given that we thought we were running a little hot last year.  So on balance, I know you guys in your models were expecting higher operating margins this quarter, but we were not.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : Just on the salaries component, can you just break that out between on-site and maybe the global delivery network salary increases, at least some ranges?
Pamela Craig:   No, we don’t generally do that but they were higher this year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : Ok.
Stephen Rohleder:   Let me just address the segment thing because I think that the one operating group I would point to, and I think I pointed to it in the discussion was public service and I think it’s important to note. As I pointed out we had what we call delivery inefficiencies which means there’s a few contracts that weren’t meeting their original deal economics. We’re in the process of restructuring those but more importantly, we’ve made a conscious decision a quarter ago to begin to invest in what we see is a higher volume of opportunities, primarily in the US but also in our organization and public service.  So we’re going to continue to invest probably through the next two quarters in some early-stage opportunities that we think are going to help that organization grow very profitably next year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : The last one, Steve, on the financial services, correct me if I’m wrong here but I’m looking at about it looks like a 10% operating margin in financial services versus 14% last quarter?
Stephen Rohleder:   10%?
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : That’s what it looks like from here but I might be looking at the wrong line here. I’m sorry, that was actually 12% this year, sorry, so I take that back. Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator:  Our next question is from Adam Frisch - UBS. 
Adam Frisch - UBS : Thanks, guys, great job on the bookings. Just building on Julio’s question for a second, the operating margin definitely took us a little bit by surprise because last year you had some runoff with NHS in there, the tax rate was lower obviously too. Pam, I think you said that operating margins for the year, the goal was still 12.8% to 13 1%?
Pamela Craig:   Correct.
Adam Frisch - UBS : So it’s just a matter of this quarter being a little bit lower but the full year being high and you guys are running the business for the year not the quarter, is that the way we should look at it? Free cash flow is still the same as well, correct?
Pamela Craig:   Yes, to the first question. The free cash flow we actually raised it a little bit from last quarter and we’re back to where we started at the beginning of the year.
Adam Frisch - UBS : Finally, when I use different ranges for your tax rate -- let me backup a second. Maybe a better way to ask this is, of the $0.19 increase in your EPS, how much of that is coming from lower taxes and how much of that is coming from other sources whether it be operational improvement or share count, things like that?
Pamela Craig:   Yes, of the $0.19, Adam, a substantial part is coming from the lower tax rate.
Adam Frisch - UBS : Is it all coming from or is there other stuff in there as well?
Pamela Craig:   There’s other sort of ins and outs, you have the share repurchases, the share counts affecting it and then the interest income is a little lower so there’s a lot of ins and outs. The dominant part is the effective tax rate.
Adam Frisch - UBS : A final question maybe for Steve, are you seeing any kind of delays or changes in the timing between when you book a consulting deal and when it’s ultimately implemented? Or is that a typical pace as we’ve seen in the past?
Stephen Rohleder:   Adam, it’s actually pretty typical. We looked at that and I thought you were going to ask the other question which was around delays too, and we look at that two different ways and we’re not seeing delays either in the startup of either consulting or outsourcing contracts.
Adam Frisch - UBS : Any big chunks in the 3.8 like related to outsourcing deals or was it all more of the same stuff?
Stephen Rohleder:   It was pretty much the same. I look at the big wins that we’ve had over the quarter and $50 million and above there was about a dozen of them. I think we’re seeing the continued effect of smaller sized deals that we’ve talked about in prior quarters.
Adam Frisch - UBS : But no anomaly like the NHS from a few years ago where it was several hundred million or something like that?
Stephen Rohleder: No, none. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein : So, overall it looks good. Let me try to focus on a few things here. The consulting bookings particularly looked very strong relative to the expectation and you actually had a fairly tough comparison there. Now looking forward though with the bookings outlook, should the consulting bookings mix drop in upcoming quarters? And if so, will that be due to the consulting bookings slowing or will that be due to the outsourcing bookings picture actually getting stronger? Can you give any specifics on that front?
William Green:  This is Bill. I would say sitting here looking at the pipeline, it’s pretty rich on both dimensions. It’s hard to tell and as you know, a couple of big outsourcing things come in and can change the booking percentages pretty dramatically.  I think on balance, we’re pretty consistent with where we’ve been and where we will continue to be. I would tell you that across the market there is some acceleration and people focusing on outsourcing; but of course, you know the outsourcing thing, it’s not like they get up this morning and say I want to do it and six months later you’re doing it. Some of them take a year to get through and so there’s tremendous activity around that, some of which is driven by people’s challenges around the cost management; but others just driven by the fact that that’s a part of the business that has some legs and it continues to.  So we’re not really looking too much at the mix percent and what goes where because every operating group has a different mix and a different profile and when you put them together you get a composite and the thing can change a few percentage points quarter to quarter.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein : Bill, let me follow up on that. If you were to see a shift away from consulting and towards outsourcing, that could affect your margin profile. But it sounds like from your commentary if there is a shift it’s not a major one because it’s not really affecting your financial outlook. Is that the way to look at what’s happening right now?
William Green:  Yes if you start at the end and back in, we started our financial outlook for the year and backup. We don’t see it having an impact on our financial outlook for the year. When you get into a particular operating group it could change the dynamics within one operating group or another, but the ones that have accelerated in consulting -- and if you look at the pipeline and the demand and the activity -- the consulting stuff remains strong.  So we are pretty focused and we do a lot of modeling around the mix, but right now frankly we are pretty relaxed about where it is.  I guess I’d also say that we go out there and make this stuff happen and in terms of what we’ve asked our teams to do, it’s to keep equal pressure on all three of our growth platforms so as not to be biased towards one or the other, because it’s important to us -- I guess the other thing I’d point out is inside some of those outsourcing deals are nice pieces of consulting work and you may not see that in the mix that much, but it’s an important element of the economics of the deal across the whole business.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein : Bill on that, here’s the question I’m trying to get at on this: do we need to re-calibrate expectations a little bit? I mean you’re posting north of 20% consulting bookings growth. Is that as good as it gets right now and should we be expecting something that solid in upcoming quarters, but not north of 20%? I’m just trying to properly calibrate expectations for the next few quarters, given what is happening in the economy.
William Green:  Well, I guess I would say this: we weren’t surprised at the consulting results this quarter, because we’ve been looking at them coming and we think were going to be pretty consistent. Now can go up or down a couple points? Sure it can, but on balance I think if you look at where the demands coming from, the nature of the work, some of the things that Steve went through, those sources of demand which is consulting demand, continue to be as good today as they were three months ago or six months ago or nine months ago. So, that’s kind of our data point. We keep asking the questions as you do, right? What would we look at to see if something was starting to slow down. Frankly, we just did a state of the business call yesterday across our entire organization and we feel fairly bullish about the environment we’re operating in.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein : Pam, last quarter the free cash flow guidance came down because of a one-time item and now you’re reinstating that back up. Where is the cash flow guidance improvement coming from? Is it related to DSOs or something else?
Pamela Craig:  We thought the DSO performance this quarter was very strong, so we factor that in a bit as well as we’re forecasting lower cash tax payments.
Operator:  Our next question is from Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns : Pam, could you give us some color under the surface on gross margins? Obviously, they’re close to even; could you just call out some of the puts and takes under there?
Pamela Craig:  As I mentioned earlier, Andrew, I think that gross margins are relatively flat and the underlying margins are as well. As we look at all of the different parts of our business in different parts of the world, there are some things that are up and there’s some things that are slightly down and really overall, they’re flat. As I said before also if you look absorbing the payroll increases this year that’s something that we do all year long and we’re on track to fully do that as well as handle the lower utilization.
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns : That sounds good. Could you just give a little more color on sales and marketing? I know you went through it quickly. Are we going to stay at this sales and marketing level or is there something of a leveling off hereafter? What’s driving that and how long will it stay at this level?
Stephen Rohleder:  Hi, Andrew. It’s Steve. I’ll give you a little color there. We’ve consciously decided not only in public service, but some of the others to spend a little bit more on the S part. On the G&A part, I can assure you we’re going to continue to focus on driving that cost down. As Pam mentioned, we were down 10 basis points for the quarter so we’ve still got programs underway. We’ve got some specific targets that we’re focused on and we’re going to continue to drive that down over the next two quarters.
Operator:  And our next question is from Ed Caso - Wachovia. 
Ed Caso - Wachovia : I believe if I counted correctly you did five small acquisitions that closed in the second fiscal quarter. How much did that contribute and what’s that impact? What’s organic versus local currency growth?
Pamela Craig:  Hi, Ed. We actually did four in the quarter and if you look at the handful that we’ve done over the past year like if you just look at what’s been the contribution in the last four quarters of the new acquisitions just in the comparison to last year, it’s still less than 1% of our revenue growth rate.
Ed Caso - Wachovia : Any word on pricing? It seemed like you were more positive tone in pricing in recent quarters. Is that still holding?
Stephen Rohleder:  Yes, Ed. It stabilized. This is Steve. There’s still pockets that we’re focused on, on trying to drive pricing, primarily in Europe. I’m really pleased with the North America progress that we’ve made in this quarter but I’d characterize it as stable right now. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Thanks again. Congratulations for very strong bookings. I want to focus maybe for a minute on your consulting and SI business. Do you attribute the strong result that we’ve seen, whether it’s on the revenue growth side or the booking side -- I mean obviously could it be market share gains, increases in win rates, vendor consolidation that’s going on? Or maybe you’re actually able to sell a larger portion of what we call offshore-like services? Is there any way to give us and prioritize these different factors that’s helping you coming out with these strong numbers?
William Green:  This is Bill. I’ll start. The prioritization I think would probably be impossible. I mean it’s something that I suppose we could root around and do. I think if you stand back and look at it; it’s in many cases, all of the above. Maybe the first and most important is making sure we are out there with offerings that are relevant to the market demand today.  So in some of the sectors that are more challenged than others, we are bringing different capabilities to the market than we were six or 12 months ago.  I think the second thing is there’s definitely a flight to quality. People are looking hard at whether your consolidation point on vendors, but people are looking at two things. One is the quality of the provider and the second is this thing that you guys are always focused on is, is this must-do? I think we play in the must-do space so for the money that’s available, the things that we’re involved with are continuing to go and we still sit here without cancellations or deferrals as we did last quarter. So that’s important. I think the other thing is because of the uncertainty and some of this is what shows up in our sales costs is because of the uncertainty, we don’t just sit here and see what happens. We dial it up. So, we’ve been out there pushing. We’ve been out there what we call catalyze and demand. We are creating our own demand.  We know how to do that and it’s something we are focused on and if one of the by-products is that some of the operating groups are now saying they’re not going to have enough capability to deliver and so that’s what we all do to just keep the balance between supply and demand.  But I think on balance we are selling the right stuff to the right clients and it’s relevant to what they’re trying to do to improve their business performance and all that works in our favor.  Steve, do you want to pick up?
Stephen Rohleder:  Yes, the only thing I would add to what Bill said is that the relationships that we have are really contributing to the bookings growth. If I look at where our growth came from in terms of the bookings and the results, well over 80% of the bookings come from what we call foundation clients. That’s really important, because it means we have a relationship, a long-term relationship with that client. We are able to go in, shape an opportunity to drive business results and convince them to contract with us to deliver those results.  I was in India about a month ago and I told the group there, Moshe, I said look, we’re not sitting by the phone waiting for the phone to ring, waiting for the opportunities. We’re out there creating them and the fact that we have this incredible client base with deep, deep relationships helps us to shape business opportunities and to drive them to results.  So, I think it’s a major contributor as well.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Another very brief question regarding margins, Pam was there a greater bonus accrual during the quarter that impacted gross margin? Is there any way to quantify the impact of some of these contracts or small probable contracts that you spoke about in the public sector side? Maybe in basis points in terms of the impact on margins? Thanks.
Pamela Craig:   Okay, I’ll take the bonus part of that. As you know we don’t comment on annual bonus. I will tell you that we did accrue some, but I’m not going to say anything more about that.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Can you comment on some of the contracts on the public sector side?
Stephen Rohleder:   Again, we don’t talk specifically about any of the individual contracts, Moshe. Again I would just reiterate that the contracts that we have weren’t performing to their original deal economics, we’re in the process of restructuring them and we took that into account in our results and more importantly we’ve taken into account in our estimates going forward.
William Green:
 : Yes I would just add to that if I could that three quarters ago CHT had a couple of rough quarters, right? We bared down on that and that thing is cranking right now and so public service had a rough quarter this quarter, we saw it coming, we’ve got a series of things underway but we also see great opportunities in the pipeline particularly in US Federal, big ones. Things that we know how to do; things we have great credentials for, so we’re investing in those. As with everything, particularly in an election year you’re not sure if it’s tomorrow or year from tomorrow but at the end of the day these are things that Accenture should be doing and that’s what we’re focused on.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Thanks Bill.
Operator:  And we’ll go now to Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : Hi. Let me hit the margin question again. Margins were down – yes, I’m going to go after it again, a different angle. Margins were down 40 basis points year-over-year yet you’re still expecting this 10 to 40 basis points of margin increase for the fiscal year. So that means we’re going to have strong second half ‘08 but it sounds like the government margin or the public service margin will stay depressed so I guess to help us with the color where is that margin expansion going to come from and in what area?
Pamela Craig:   Well, you’re right in doing the math we expect to have a higher operating margin in the last two quarters and we don’t necessarily expect that the public service operating group will stay depressed, in that on those contracts that Steve talked about we have adjusted those economics and that’s reflected already.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : Okay. So going forward we’ll get back to more normalized in the government sector?
Stephen Rohleder: We’re going to continue to invest in the sales part. I would say we may see a slight depression but we’re not going to see anywhere near the level that we saw this quarter.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : Then Steve, consulting bookings obviously beating our expectations. Does that comes as a surprise coming from management consulting, tech consulting or systems integration? Is there any area of extra strength?
Stephen Rohleder: Yes, the ERP area is still pretty strong for us. I mentioned a few areas of management consulting, I focused on supply chain we’re having a lot of activity and action in that area as clients begin to shift now towards more of a cost reduction agenda. I also think technology consulting area is still very strong specifically in data center consolidation and in the security area for us. So the SI space though, if I had to weigh it all is still very strong for us.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : What about if we start to see some weakness in the ERP vendors like Oracle and SAP how do you think that will affect your business?
Stephen Rohleder:   I’ll give you my personal opinion is the ERP work that we are doing is not discretionary, just full stop. If I could just describe the representative ERP project is a client trying to rationalize one version of either Oracle or SAP across multiple business units in multiple countries over multiple years. And whether Oracle or SAP are selling licenses doesn’t impact necessarily the work that we do because clients have a different agenda.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : Finally Bill, just the health of your diamond clients, three months later from the last conference call, have you seen a lot of change?
William Green:   I think on balance, we have diamonds that don’t know there’s any challenge out there, that these are just great businesses; in fact some of the world’s greatest businesses. And then we’ve got some from your sector that are having a rough ride. I think on balance, we continue to expand our presence in the diamonds as we have over the years and we have of very significant and specific program to do what we call bring the best of Accenture to these companies.  What the economic challenges do really only is allow us to introduce different services than we might have been providing to them in the past. So we continue to add, I think we’re going to add three diamonds in the next quarter so we continue to add companies that are in there and we are just delighted with it. They are really important parts of how we keep doing what we’re doing and how we bring in new innovation to the table.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse : Congratulations, I think you guys continue to surprise everybody with a strong results.
Operator:  And our next quarter is from Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research : We see a number of vendors speak of rising demand for offshore as a way for CIOs to cut IT costs and I’m wondering, what are you seeing in your business in terms of offshore demand perhaps by vertical or by geography? Could we see an acceleration of the ramp of the GDN? It looks like the sequential ramp between Q1 and Q2 was a bit slower than we’ve seen in the past?
Stephen Rohleder:   I’ll comment on the demand there. We did see a shift frankly in the utilization if you will of our India resources specifically. We are seeing a slight shift in the demand for offshore resources. I would tell you that our headcount utilization numbers are up in India and they are up specifically because in the first quarter we made a conscience decision to build a bench to train more people.  We are now soaking up that utilization but it doesn’t require us to necessarily go into the market and hire more heads. We’re basically getting the people that we have more productive.  So I’m still comfortable with the growth trajectory that we have for the global delivery network. As I said in my comments I believed that this network is second to none in its footprint, in the capabilities that we have and in our ability to move work throughout the network regardless of where demand comes from.
William Green:   I would just add to what Steve said, I think we believe we have the largest network; we also believe we have the most productive. I think we really turned the dials up on that this last quarter and we still have more room to go there in terms of how do you drive results out of x amount of dollars or x amount of people? I think back to your first question, all the companies out there are looking for value for money and having an offshore capability gets you to the table. But when you look at what the real value for money equation, it’s not a labor arbitrage thing. In fact it becomes sometimes less of a labor arbitrage thing, it becomes more of a transformation of IT challenge and that’s where our technology consulting and some of the acceleration you see in the consulting business is all from that, right? It is people trying to get better value for money through transformation of their IT environment. That’s a market that’s right in our sweet spot.
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research : Well, that leads into my second question because obviously as you look in the pipeline of transformational projects or the must do projects that you’re talking about, could we even in some cases see the tighter spending or more difficult environment accelerating or shortening sales cycles for the transformational work? Perhaps if you could comment a bit about the transformational demand that you’re seeing sector by sector?
William Green:   I think if you look broadly the theme is a horizontal one, it’s not a sector by sector because there are certainly sectors that have a lot more challenges than others but as we all know just from being consumers, that this thing gets in the water system, right? You’re always looking around the corner to see, is something going to sneak up on me? So all the companies out there are asking themselves, how can I be more effective?  So the transformational agenda, whether it’s in financial services where you’d expected it and it’s obvious, but it’s the same in high tech and it’s the same in telecom and it’s the same in consumer products and in all of these places.  At the end of the day the demand is consistent with how it’s been the last few years. I would say there’s an acceleration. People ask a lot about IT budgets. We haven’t seen an impact on IT budgets but what we have seen is people having a sharper focus on value for money and a lot of times that drives the transformation agenda.  Our job is to make sure that we’re bringing the right offering and solutions to the table to do that; some of that we leverage the global delivery network but a lot of it is just about how you do what you do in right here at home base?
Operator:  Our next question is from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus : Thanks very much, a lot of good questions have been asked. If I could focus for one on EMEA, Europe constant currency was 9% versus America’s 10% I think last year really, I mean this is within the last year the first time that the Americas has outpaced EMEA and maybe you could talk about that a little bit more.  When you mentioned France and Spain being strong I don’t think you really mentioned much about the UK which is roughly 15% or 16% of your revenue. If you could talk about that a little bit.
Stephen Rohleder: This is Steve. I did mention the major countries, there are two areas that we are focused on, the UK and Germany, that had a little bit slower growth this quarter. I don’t think it’s systemic, and I’ll just point that out because every month I’m doing reviews with the head of our UK business.  In financial services in the UK, we had some financial adjustments that we made that impacted the quarter for that country, but at the end of the day I’m not worried about the business in the UK. We have demand and I would anchor back to something that Bill said.  If you look at communications and high tech which is just going crazy across the globe, the UK and specifically EMEA is one of the real shining stars out of the results for Q2 here. There’s always areas that we can be improving in. This was one quarter that they were off a little bit but I expect them to be back.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus : Going along the geographic line there, in terms of your mix, particularly of consulting bookings, is that changing at all in terms of geographies or verticals and I guess financial services might be kind of obvious, but maybe along other lines?
Stephen Rohleder: Yes, George, I think that the two verticals I’d point to that are beginning to shift more toward the outsourcing area are both financial services we commented on and products where we’re also seeing some stronger demand there.  Public service, resources and communications and high tech has been there for a little while but both public service and resources are still primarily focused on the consulting area. The financial services and products are both transitioning more towards outsourcing and specifically in the United States.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus : Last question if I could, I realize that this is a little narrow, but given some of the fairly extreme headlines recently particularly in financial services with a couple of notable names, have you noticed anything going on thus far post-quarter close in March specifically with respect to consulting demand?  Is the pipeline, is there elements shifting or bouncing around in the pipeline? Thank you.
William Green: I talk to all these guys in these companies and I think that it’s interesting that if you look at sort of the mental look, people recognize that they’ve got a part of their business that has challenges, they’ve got parts of their businesses that are [inaudible] and people get up every day and still say they got to operate the thing and people are spending money. People are making investments. They’re trying to do smart things, they’re trying to do thoughtful things, and I think in a few levels down in these companies the decision-makers are trying to do stuff that really matters for their company.  There are lots of opportunities because the challenges create opportunities. The question is, Can you shift your offerings and do you have the right people and the right talent available at the right time? I would say particularly in financial services, they say bring the guys in here that are going to do this, I want to see them, I want to talk to them, I want to touch them and feel them. If you can do that, you start tomorrow on some of the things that can really help these guys.  I’d also just like to mention the EMEA point because we feel great about the momentum over there. For instance, in this last quarter there’s a thing in the industry called win-backs and win-backs are when something we lost three months or six months ago because we walked, because we weren’t going to meet economics, or we weren’t going to meet some terms, so they’ve gone into the contracting process with one of our competitors and we’ve had three or four of these things, fairly significant size, come back to us this quarter.  That stuff will turn into revenue over the next couple of quarters and so we feel great about EMEA and our market position there and I think if that economy gets more challenged I think it will bring more business our way, not less.
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus : Great, I appreciate the commentary.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to the line of Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank : Steve, you talked a little bit earlier about deal sizes and overall deal size may be shrinking a bit, but the question I have is around the outlook for bookings. You’ve maintained that outlook. I just wonder if you could comment on overall duration of contracts? We’ve heard there’s been some slight narrowing of scope, not necessarily with Accenture’s business but generally in the overall outsourcing space in particular. Do you see any risk at all to the bookings form a shrinking of deal sizes, a shortening of durations or have we sort of bottomed there in your view?
Stephen Rohleder:   I think we’ve stabilized, Tim. I would characterize it that way because just to be real clear here, we’ve not seen any further reduction of the contract duration. So I would characterize it as stabilizing from Q1 to Q2 as well. So I look at that but I also look at the conversion rate and I look at the time that it takes us to get the contract and that last metric is really important because that gives you a sense of whether or not we’re seeing delays or cancellations in potential work and we’re just not seeing that right now.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank : That delay to cancellation, that’s spread across all verticals equally?
Stephen Rohleder: Correct.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank : Okay. That’s helpful. And secondly just com and high tech, CHT, has been as you said, on fire. I’m just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what specific changes did you make to the business given the weakness it had a few quarters back and notable high tech companies are softening a bit now, but can you comment a little bit just on the pipeline there? It sounds like it still remains fairly strong in EMEA.
William Green: If you look at our CHT operating group, the telecom piece is the star. I would say electronics and high-tech, semiconductors, consumer electronics, all the gizmo guys, that’s pretty stable. It’s good business and it’s stable. But in the telecom thing, or cable broadly and telecom, there’s lots of opportunities. I think number one is the big customer service stuff that Steve mentioned. We’ve gotten tons of new engagements on how do you serve, how do you provide the bundle and how do you serve customers and bill and collect for the bundle? So that’s an important thing.  In the cable space they’re all looking to expand their content and their offerings, there’s a lot of work in that space. Then frankly, there is still particularly in Europe, new companies coming online either in mobile or online communications that have really nothing, that are doing cold starts in central Europe and across Europe, are trying to move to a more pan-European strategy and as a result there’s a lot of activity around the ability to go in and do the BSS and OSS kind of industrial-strength, bulletproof systems that allow telecom companies to not only operate their networks but serve their customers and bill and collect for it. So it’s really the bread and butter kind of work of telecommunications.  You know, there’s the sexy and sizzle stuff which is all about content but as a percentage of the volume it’s probably 20%. The 80% is around very traditional billing, collections and service management stuff.
Operator:  Our next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : Just a couple quick questions. First in government, the weakness there, was that related to a particular type of outsourcing engagement? I’m just curious if there’s any commonality there.
Stephen Rohleder: No, there wasn’t, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : How quick can this be resolved?
Stephen Rohleder: We’ve resolved the three contracts, basically.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : Okay, so it’s mostly behind you then. Then on the variable comp, I’m not looking for any particular numbers here, just curious how is the variable comp typically split between SG&A in the cost of services?
Pamela Craig:   The annual bonus and it’s based on where the people are so most of it goes to cost of services.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : Most is on the cost of services line which means gross margin relatively flat. Okay. That’s all I had. Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question is from Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers. 
Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers : I had a question for Steve. I think in your prepared comments you mentioned that the outsourcing revenue growth rate may slow in the next couple of quarters so first of all, could you give some parameters around how quickly it might slow? Secondly, if you could explain that a little bit more, I think the story so far is that the annualized revenues on the outsourcing contract have gone up of late. Is that story changing? Did you see fewer extensions? If you could give a little color. Thank you.
Stephen Rohleder: Yes. Just to give you some context, Karl, I think it’s important that you understand the outsourcing business. About two or three quarters ago we really undertook some very specific actions to look at the pipeline and be a little more selective, focusing on deal shapes that delivered not only results but were also profitable. We were much more selective specifically in the HRS area, but we’ve been selective across the portfolio.  I think we are now at a point where we’ve reshaped some of those deals, we’re seeing an increase in the pipeline and frankly, I just wanted to highlight the fact that that dip in bookings and sales two or three quarters ago is going to play out over the next quarter or so in terms of revenue.  I also wanted to make sure that I was very clear that we’re still upbeat and positive on the pipeline and the level of opportunities that we have in the outsourcing portfolio, specifically in application outsourcing and in the BPO area.
Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Brothers : Pam, just given that the taxes came in so much lower and you’ve given us some guidance for the full fiscal year ‘08, this might be an occasion as we get later in the fiscal year to be thinking about fiscal ‘09. Can you give us some help in terms of what an appropriate tax assumption might be?
Pamela Craig:   Well, we are just starting our planning for ‘09 now and so I will be in a position probably after the fourth quarter to provide that for you.
Operator:  We’ll go next to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi : Congrats on the nice demand metrics. The question I have is just going back one more time to the delivery inefficiencies. The question is, why do you have these in spite of the contract oversight changes that you put in after NHS? I know the impact is sort of behind us but from a profit standpoint did the changes you put in not work?
William Green: Let me answer that because I sort of live and breathe this stuff. I’m just sort of chuckling to myself because we aren’t having any more things that look like NHS. I mean, we do thousands of projects and we do really hard, complex stuff. Some of it is pioneering in nature, things that people have never done before. To have out of thousands of projects two or three of them that go tilt, is not out of the ordinary.  The fact is, they intersected in public service, they intersected at the same time and so we needed to go in, get them restructured, intervene on them, get them right and get behind it. Frankly we do it routinely and I think what you saw is just the intersection of timing and in one operating group.  So needless to say, public service has been getting a little help from us around the place. But it isn’t any bigger than that. These are things that some of them wouldn’t have even made it to our capital committee, but they’re just about really hard, complex things that you estimate to the best of your ability. They’re fixed price in nature and as you start executing something doesn’t go the way you want it and that’s just sort of life and the nature of the work we do everyday. These things are no different than anything we tackle anywhere around the world.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi : So cumulatively it was big enough to call out. But if it had been just one, maybe it wouldn’t have been.
William Green: There’s always something that you’re intervening on to make sure you’re getting it right. They just happen to all intersect at the same time and the same place and unfortunately it hit our smallest operating group. If they had been in a different operating group, they might have been a rounding error. But, they intersected with public service and as a result, you can’t help but not see them on the results.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi : One quick question on the full year share count? I’m assuming, you might have said it, but I might have missed it.
Pamela Craig:  We don’t generally provide that. You can expect that it will go down modestly.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi : Okay, so going back to this $0.19. Would it be fair to say about $0.15, $0.16 is from lower taxes and the rest buy back?
Pamela Craig:  Again, I didn’t quantify it. I said the predominate amount was from the taxes.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi : Okay, thanks.
William Green:  Let me just wrap up. I appreciate you guys sticking with us. I’m glad we got a chance to get to a lot of questions today. Just in closing I’d first say that we are particularly pleased with the momentum in our business as we enter the second half of the year. While we continue to keep a very close eye on global economic trends -- a very close eye -- demand for our services remain strong and we see tremendous opportunities to serve our clients.  In short, we have built a global company that is durable, differentiated and diverse and we are focused on maintaining strong operating discipline and running it. We continue to benefit from our long-term client relationships and from our highly skilled and dedicated team. Our people are committed to winning and to raising the bar in terms of helping our clients achieve and sustain high performance. Let me make one final comment. I understand that it is difficult to see the real strength and potential of an enterprise in these times. if you step back and look at us, you can see not only that we are operating extremely well, but that we are focused on building an even stronger and more successful Accenture for the future and on delivering exceptional long-term value on behalf of our shareholders.  So thank you very much for joining us today. We, as always, appreciate your continued support.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-12-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clark - MD of IR Bill Green - Chairman and CEO Pam Craig - CFO Steve Rohleder - COO
Analysts: Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Adam Frisch - UBS Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley Pat Burton - Citi Elizabeth Berkley - Arete Research Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal year 2008 conferencecall. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host,Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead.
Richard Clark: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining ustoday on our first quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operatorjust mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations.With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief ExecutiveOfficer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, ourChief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news releasewe issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call.Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through thefinancial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, and Stevewill add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our businessoutlook for fiscal year 2008, and Bill will close the presentation before wetake questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call,we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of thematters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep inmind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknownrisks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materiallyfrom those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limitedto, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's pressrelease and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report onForm 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update theinformation presented on this conference call. During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAPfinancial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors.You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the InvestorRelations section of our website, at accenture.com. So now, let me turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Green: Thank you, Richard, and thanks everyone for joining ustoday. We turned in another outstanding performance in the quarter as weexpected. We have built a strong foundation for our business that continues toserve us well. We have a great momentum going into the start of the year. We have a highly diversified and durable yet flexible business,and we are positioned at the core of our clients needs for high performance. Weare driving our business with discipline and confidence, and are focused on theexcellent opportunities we see before us. Here are some of the highlights from the quarter. Wedelivered record quarterly revenues of $5.7 billion with 19% growth in the USdollars and 12% growth in local currency. We achieved record EPS for thequarter of $0.60. Our $5.9 billion in new bookings this quarter was anothermajor achievement. We remain confident going forward with our bookings momentumand our revenue targets. As you know, we continued returning cash to shareholdersthrough share buybacks and dividend payments. During the quarter, our Board alsoauthorized an additional $3 billion of share repurchases. We continue to keep a very close eye on global economictrends, developments in the capital markets, and other issues which may affectour business. But our first quarter results demonstrate rich opportunities forthe right services. We remain committed to and excited about extending ourindustry leadership position. We also continue to benefit from our long-term clientrelationships and our position as a central part of our clients businesses. Ourdeep specialized industry knowledge and experience and our focus on businessoutcomes stand alone in today's market. Now, I'll turn it over to Pam who will provide more detailon our financial performance.
Pam Craig: Thank you, Bill. Happy Holidays to you all and thanks forlistening today. I am pleased to tell you more about our outstanding results inthe first quarter of fiscal 2008. Once again, our quarterly revenues hit a newhigh, our earnings were strong and our bookings were in line with our outlook. Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers inour income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. All figures are GAAP, exceptthe items that are not part of the financial statements or that arecalculations. Net revenues for the first quarter were $5.7 billion above ourguided range of $5.4 billion to $5.6 billion and a new quarterly high. Netrevenues increased 19% in US dollars and 12% in local currency over the firstquarter of last year. We had very strong revenue generation, and even withoutthe large FX impact for the quarter, we were at the top of our guided annualrange of 9% to 12% in local currency. Consulting revenues were $3.5 billion, an increase of 19% inUS dollars and 12% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $2.2 billion,an increase of 20% in US dollars and 14% in local currency. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin was 30.1%consistent with the same period last year. SG&A costs for the quarter were$970 million or 17.1% of net revenues compared with $817 million or 17.2% ofnet revenues for the first quarter of last year, reflecting continued goodmanagement of our SG&A costs. Operating income for the quarter increased 19% to $726million, reflecting a 12.8% operating margin, up from $610 million, alsoreflecting a 12.8% operating margin last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.6%. Incomebefore minority interest for the quarter was $506 million compared with $406million for the first quarter last year, an increase of 25%. Diluted EPS were a quarterly record of $0.60, an increase of30% over diluted EPS of $0.46 in the first quarter last year. About two-thirdsof this increase is attributable to higher business volume. The rest is due toa combination of additional below the operating income line income, a lower taxrate and a lower share count. Now, let's turn to some key parts of our cash flow andbalance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was a negative $120 million,resulting from cash used in operating activities of $31 million and propertyand equipment additions of $89 million. The first quarter is typically our seasonally lowest freecash quarter. This quarter was further impacted by a payment of $143 million, representinga final determination of reorganization liabilities. As a reminder, at the timeof our incorporation, we established these reorganization liabilities. And afterthis item, $294 million remains primarily in other current liabilities on ourbalance sheet. This item had no impact on our quarterly income statement. First quarter fiscal '08 free cash flow also reflects higherworking capital as a result of higher revenue production and the impact of DSOmovement. Turning to DSOs, our day services outstanding were 37 days.This represents an increase of 6 days from the fourth quarter last year. As westated last quarter, the yearend level of 31 days was unusually low, and webelieve that a DSO level that continues to be in the 30s is strong. Our total cash balance at November 30th was $2.47 billioncompared with $3.31 billion at August 31st. Cash, combined with $205 million offixed-income securities, classified as investments on our balance sheet, was$2.68 billion at November 30th compared with $3.61 billion at August 31st. Wecontinue to return cash to shareholders through dividend payments and sharerepurchase, which I will describe in more detail momentarily. Total debt at November 30th was $8 million compared with $26million at August 31st. In connection with the adoption of FIN 48, new guidancerelated to accounting for uncertain income tax position, we recorded severalbalance sheet reclassifications. The most significant was a $757 millionreclass from current income taxes payable to non-current income taxes payable,as the new guidance requires us to record these balances in non-currentliabilities unless we are certain that the amounts will settle in less than 12months. There was also a $16 million adjustment to retained earningsrelated to differences in calculating tax reserves under the new guidance. Our balance sheet metrics remain strong for the firstquarter. Our return on invested capital was 67%. Our return on equity was 71%. Andour return on assets was 18%. Before I turn things over to Steve, I will comment on sharerepurchases and dividend activity. During the quarter, we repurchased orredeemed 16.3 million shares for $619 million, including $238 million forapproximately 6.7 million shares repurchased in the open market. The averageprice of shares repurchased and redeemed in the quarter was $37.98 a share. AtNovember 30th, we had $4.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also, last month we paid our third annual cash dividend toAccenture Limited Class A and Accenture SCA Class I common shareholders. Thedividend payment of $0.42 per share was $0.07 more than the dividend we paidlast year, representing an increase of 20%. Finally, let me comment on the size of our public float.Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation, ourpublic float at the end of the quarter was approximately 67%, which excludesall outstanding founder shares. All in all, it was a great quarter any way youlook at it. Now Steve will give you some more detail on our operations.
Steve Rohleder: Thank you, Pam. Hi, everyone, and thanks for joining ustoday. We're up to a strong start in FY '08 with record revenuesfor the quarter and solid growth across all dimensions of our business. Wecontinue to make progress and implementing our strategy, and we are focused onachieving profitable growth in every aspect of our operations. We're very proudof our first quarter results, including the progress we've made in expandingour business during the quarter. Let me take you through some of the highlights, startingwith our operating groups. All five operating groups recorded their highest-everquarterly revenues with products, resources and CHT, exceeding 20% revenuegrowth in US dollars and achieving double-digit growth in local currency. I know many of you are interested in financial services, soI'll point out that revenues and financial services grew 17% in US dollars and9% in local currency in the quarter, driven by outsourcing in EMEA and the Americas.Financial services, products and resources also delivered strong operatingmargin, while CHT operating margin was affected by one consulting contract withprofitability challenges in the quarter. A key highlight of the quarter is the investment we'remaking in expanding our industry skills and offerings. A great example is inpublic service, where we're adding new capabilities for defense clients throughthe acquisitions of Gestalt and MAXIM Systems. These acquisitions give us newand distinctive capabilities in the fast growing area of military command andcontrol support services, which represents a significant new businessopportunity for us. Turning to the geographic regions, the diversity of ourbusiness is a competitive advantage and was an important driver of ourperformance in the quarter. We're executing on our strategy of gaining marketshare in developed countries and expanding into new and emerging markets. In the Americas,revenues grew 11% in US dollars and 9% in local currency. Results were drivenby growth in the United Statesand Canada.And in Latin America, four of our six key countries had exceptionally stronggrowth, including Brazil andArgentina. In EMEA revenues increased 25% in US dollars and 14% inlocal currency with continued upturn in the UKand double-digit growth in France,Italy, Spain and the Netherlands. Revenue growth in Asia Pacific was exceptional, with anincrease of 29% in US dollars and 21% in local currency, driven by strongresults in Japan, Australia, Singaporeand China.We've set out to expand our business in emerging markets, and in Q1 wedelivered strong results against this objective. Turning to the growth platforms, the depth and breadth ofskills and capabilities we offer clients really sets us apart in thismarketplace. In management consulting, we saw strong demand across all fiveservice lines, most notably in human performance where we're helping clientstransform their workforces, source new talent and increase overallproductivity. We also expanded our capabilities in management consulting.I was in India a few weeksago to open up a new management consulting centre of excellence in Delhi. Through this centre,and three others that we plan to open in India, which will serve both ourglobal clients and our domestic business, we'll deliver a wide range ofservices such as data analytics, workforce optimization and supply chainstrategies. In outsourcing, we're seeing demand for applicationoutsourcing as well as BPO. Growth is being driven by demand for finance andaccounting, learning and procurement services. And we've also expanded ourvertical industry BPO offerings in health administration and inpharmaceuticals. In systems integration and technology, we're still seeingstrong demand for ERP, and the breadth and depth of our SAP and Oracle skillsis a major advantage for us. Our technology consulting business continues togrow in double-digits with strong demand for Microsoft Technology Services. We expanded our technology consulting capabilities throughthe acquisition of Corliant. This acquisition willhelp us deliver against the growing demand for network consulting services, includingadvanced IP network solutions, which represent a high growth opportunity forour business. We also continue to invest in the expansion of our globaldelivery network, ending the quarter with more than 75,000 people, a 41%increase over Q1 last year. While GDN headcount was strong in Asia Pacific, especiallyin India and the Philippines, we also expanded our capabilitiesby adding new talent in the Americasand EMEA. Our global delivery network is in a class by itself and continues tobe a major competitive advantage for us. Finally, let me turn to a few operational metrics. Bookingswere $5.9 billion, including consulting bookings of $3.4 billion andoutsourcing bookings of $2.5 billion. Our solid new bookings reinforce ourconfidence in our ability to drive revenue growth in FY '08. Turning to people management, we continue to recruitaggressively, ending the quarter with over 175,000 employees. Utilization was83%, in line with our expectations, and attrition improved slightly to 17%. Managing supply and demand is one of my top priorities. By continuouslytracking and carefully managing a number of levers, including utilization,attrition, recruiting and training, and then balancing them against marketdemand, we're able to maximize our operational performance. In closing, we built a business model that is second to nonewith specialized capabilities across virtually every major industry sector andgeography, as well as across a full range of management consulting, systemsintegrations and technology, and outsourcing services. As a result, we're wellpositioned to continue our growth trajectory throughout fiscal year '08. And with that, let me turn it back to Pam for our businessoutlook.
Pam Craig: Thank you, Steve. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an update on ourannual outlook for the full fiscal year. We also provide outlook for the nextquarter for revenues. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be in therange of $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion, which assumes an FX lift ofapproximately 7%. Now, let's turn to the full fiscal year. We continue totarget new bookings in the range of $24 billion to $26 billion. We continue toexpect our revenue growth to be in the range of 9% to 12% in local currency. Wecontinue to expect operating margin for the full year to be in the range of12.8% to 13.1%. Given the seasonality of our business, fluctuations,quarter-to-quarter should be expected. We now expect our annual effective tax-rate to be in therange of 32% to 34%, a decrease of 1% from our previously communicated range.We are now increasing our outlook for EPS for the year by $0.15 to a range of$2.36 to $2.41. This reflects the strong results delivered in the first quarterand updated estimates including a lower annual effective tax-rate for the restof the year. To complete the annual outlook for fiscal 2008, we nowexpect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.27 billion to $2.47billion. Property and equipment additions to be $420 million and free cash flowto be in the range of $1.85 billion to $2.05 billion. This is a decrease of$150 million from our prior outlook and reflects the previously mentionedreorganization liability resolution, which arose in the first quarter. In summary, our first quarter results reflect those of ahealthy business on a path for continued growth and profitability. We have aportfolio that is broad based, across industry segments, across the differenttypes of work we do and across all the geographies where we do business. Weremain confident that we will continue to maintain and expand our strongpresence in the markets we serve. So here is Bill to close before we take your questions.
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Let me recap quickly before we take yourquestions. First of all, we're absolutely delighted with our performance in thefirst quarter and we continue to execute against our growth agenda. We achievedrecord quarterly revenues and EPS, our balance sheet remains extremely strongdespite challenges in some sectors of the economy, demand for our servicescontinues to be robust and we see tremendous opportunities to [insist] clients. We continue to expand on our capabilities to differentiateAccenture from our competitors. And we sustain the momentum that we haddeveloped in 2007 as we expected we would. Now let's go ahead and open it up for some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes fromthe line of Andrew Steinerman with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Andrew Steinerman -Bear Stearns: Hi there. Could you just give some comment about IT budgetprocess? Is it coming along in a normal fashion? Obviously you are very clearthat its ramping, your services are strong and obviously not solely depends onIT budgets, but: could you just us IT budget comment?
Bill Green: Yeah Andrew this is Bill. I would say: I have been out inthe marketplace we are pretty much in the last month, out and this is the timethat everyone is pulling those together. I think the first place we start as welook at what do people think is going to happen their business and I thinkunbalance people are pretty confident about what they see is going to happen inthe business. And even in some of the areas that are challenged, peoplecontinue to invest broadly in their business. Now IT is a part of that, butthere are a lot of other things people are doing to improve their businessperformance. So frankly we haven't seen any impact of IT budgeting on ourbusiness at this point.
Andrew Steinerman -Bear Stearns: And: Pam could you just go through a couple of puts andtakes on gross margin year-over-year?
Pam Craig: Yes. As you, I'm so sorry Andrew that our gross margin of30.1% was consistent with last year. This is a good result. First of all, as westated previously, we did implement larger salary increases this year and gotthat covered in our pricing in the first quarter. And also utilization levelsare slightly lower than we were last year and we think this is a more healthy level.So, these were the two primary things that we were addressing in the firstquarter and you see that reflected in the margin. Now, I'm never going to giveup, as I know you won't on gross margin. So, we are going to continue to lookfor the leverage in our pricing and in contract profitability.
Andrew Steinerman -Bear Stearns: It sounds great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question is from Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois -Bernstein: Great, just to look at the demand environment, just two setsof questions on thing that might be reading indicators. Are you seeing anyevidence of above normal levels of deals getting cut midstream as companystruggle with the economy that's our there? And then also: are you seeing anynew deals that are getting pushed out in the pipeline due to the economicdistractions that might be out there?
Bill Green: Rod, this is Bill. We've spent a lot of time, I mean: a lotof “rigger”, on that over the last week or so. Just so we could be able toanswer the obvious question that one of your folks was going to ask. The factis, we haven't had any deals terminated because of the economic situation andwe've had nothing pushed out because of the economic situation. When you standback and look at it, if you look at the United States business, which againis dramatically less than half of our business. 70% of the US companies in the business round table expectpretty significant increases in sales and almost 80% of those companies thinkand expect their employment to rise, that's for 2008 and so that's one thing welook at, in terms of what's going on out there. I would tell you this, as itrelates to they are, some of the industries that are challenged, there are someclients that are coming to us for services that address short-term costimprovement. So, it caused some acceleration in some of our offerings that mayhave been more modestly pursued in the last few years, but that is the onlything that we've seen different given the current economic situation as itstands today.
Rod Bourgeois -Bernstein: Okay great. And then Pam on the $0.15 of increase in yourfiscal '08 EPS guidance: can you give us the puts and takes on that $0.15increase, just so they were precise on where that $0.15 is coming from?
Pam Craig: Yeah, I mean, you can think of it this way, Rod. Roughly athird of it, is from the first quarter and the good results in the firstquarter and I broke down some of that before that which is primarily fromoperations, but also that there was a gain in the below the operating incomeline item and so, I think that flow through. In term of looking at it for therest of the year, it's a combination of operations, of a lower annual effectivetax rate and an updated estimate on share account.
Rod Bourgeois -Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: And then we'll go to the line of Adam Frisch with UBS.Please go ahead.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks guys. Great quarter and you faced some pretty highconcern there. When I look at outsourcing bookings over the last years, it’sbeen okay, they haven't been stellar maybe one quarter a couple of years ago,they were great, but for the most part they have been okay, nothing likeconsulting strength. The growth has been a lot higher. Great result, but whatis it due to? Is it due to expansion of the contracts once you get in there orwhat? And: how sustainable is that kind of trend?
Steve Rohleder:  Yeah. Adam, it's Steve. I think it is a result of a numberof extensions that we experienced in some of our foundation in diamond clients.And so, I think that's just a result of us expanding our footprint in theoutsourcing world within the clients' environment. There are a number of deals in our pipeline as well that Ithink support the guidance that Pam has put out there. So, in spite of some ofthe doom and gloom that's been put out in the outsourcing world, there arestill a significant number of opportunities. Frankly, we're being a little bitmore selective in specific areas of outsourcing when it comes to going aftersome of these deals. So, there is no shortage of opportunities out there. We aregoing to continue to be selective about the ones we go after.
Adam Frisch - UBS: And the expansion of deals that you're already working on:do you include those in your bookings?
Steve Rohleder: Yes.
Adam Frisch - UBS: They are included. Okay.
Steve Rohleder: Yes.
Adam Frisch - UBS: And: those were obviously higher margin, because they havelower sales costs already in there?
Steve Rohleder: Yes.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Most of them would be higher on the margin side too.
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. Depending on whether it's a new area or an extensionof an existing area.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay.
Steve Rohleder: It depends.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Two questions for Pam. First: what share count are youassuming for the end of the year?
Pam Craig: We're projecting, Adam, that it will continue to go downmodestly.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Anything, anymore color than that?
Pam Craig: Well, we have not previously provided guidance on ourweighted average share. They were at 839 at the end of the quarter. And, as Isaid, it will continue to go down modestly with share buybacks, and also thatwill be slightly offset by the issuances.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Got it. Okay. And then just last question on, I know you dida couple of acquisitions recently, I know they've been small. But: did they addanything material to the revenue or EPS as such?
Pam Craig: No.
Adam Frisch - UBS: No. Okay. Great! Thanks again, guys. Good quarter.
Bill Green: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to the line of Julio Quinteros withGoldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros -Goldman Sachs: Thanks, guys. Steve, just to kind of go back through thepoints that you made about the areas that you're really focused on to kind ofcontinue to sort of balance supply/demand and all the other issues in themodel. If you can kind of walk us through where you feel like you have the mostleverage, whether it's utilization, whether it's recruiting, whether it'sheadcount, just kind of give us a better feel for the individual levers thatyou look at to, to help you manage the overall business?
Steve Rohleder: Okay. Yeah, Julio. Let me actually expand it out of thesupply/demand management area, because I think it's important to note some ofthe other levers that we're continuing to watch. Pam alluded to the pricinginitiative that we got and the progress we made in Q1. We're going to continueto focus on that. We've made some very good progress. I think we've got somemore work to do to continue to institutionalize that, put some tools in thehands of our senior executives, and really drive pricing into our D&A.That's one area. SG&A is another area. I think that on the G&A front,I think we made some great progress in moving people to lower cost locations inour corporate functions. I think we also did a great job this quarter in termsof our consolidated procurement initiative in driving down costs there. Wherewe have some opportunity is to drive down our cost of sales. I think it's safeto say that we have some inefficiencies there that I think we can improve on.So, I think that there is some expansion there. The third area is chargeability and you touched on it. Ithink that while we're running kind of at the target, last year we were at 86.And I said this I think we're running too high. We brought that down to allowour people to go to training, to allow them to work on some investmentopportunities that we have. There are pockets of the firm that we are workingto get the chargeability up a notch or too. But, while I think we will makeprogress there, I know we'll make progress there, I think the key is thatyou're not going to see much leverage from that. And then, the final one is just delivering on what we say,we're going to deliver and making sure that our contracts are performing to theprofitability targets that we have and I do believe that there is someexpansion capability there. So, hopefully that helps.
Julio Quinteros -Goldman Sachs: Yeah, that's helpful. On that profit comment, you made somecomment about the communications, and I think it was high-tech area, havingsome profitability issues, was that just cost overruns or is there somethingelse going on there in terms of the profit impact?
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. No, it's just sort of a one-time thing that we did arealignment with one of our contracts. We continue the relationship with theclient and we continue to be honored to work there and do well. But it was abig one and it was something we sorted through in the quarter.
Julio Quinteros -Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, finally, Bill, you made a comment in theprevious question, I believe, about an acceleration in some services thatyou're seeing now as some of your clients come to you for some issues relatedto short-term cost improvements. Can you just elaborate on what those types ofservices are?
Bill Green: Yeah. I would say I did, in the last four weeks, probably 20CEO one-on-ones, mostly in the United States. And in every one of those sessions,there were opportunities to expand our work and deliver more value to theclient. But some industries that are challenged, people that might have beentaking a longer term view are sitting here at the beginning of 2008, and theyare saying, I know we're going to do this transformation, that's a three yearjourney. But there is a thing called sort of the high impact near-term returnsand people are saying, can we drive short-term cost reduction and use some ofthe benefits of that to fund the longer term transformation. And so, I would say my comment was about, you see a littlemore of that in some areas of financial services as you'd expect. And then,other than that it's probably just with companies that have a challenge in oneindustry or another. But there's a time when the short-term cost reductionthing, if you think about the time of the year we're on, people are looking at2008 and saying: what can you guys do? So I can bring some money to the bank in2008, for their 2008. And I think that's where the demand comes from.
Julio Quinteros -Goldman Sachs: With 43% of your headcount in global delivery network now:does that make you feel better about having the business set up that way then?
Bill Green: Well, I'm relaxed about it. There hasn't been anything thatcomes up that we don't have the horses and the capability and the "beenthere, done that" experience to do. And so, I think, at the end of day itsmanaging a portfolio of services across a fairly diverse company. But luckily,we're at critical mass in every country we operate around the globe. So, it'sjust a matter of different offerings than it would be anything else.
Julio Quinteros -Goldman Sachs: Great! Thank you. 
Operator: And next, we'll go to the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen andCompany. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri - Cowenand Company: Thanks. Listening to the collage, it feels as if managementis even, maybe, a bit more bullish compared to about a month ago when theAnalyst Day took place. Is that the right impression? And then, maybe, you cantalk about: what's changed during the past four, five weeks, in terms oftalking to clients? And then, on top of that, our surveys are indicating thatthere maybe some deferrals and spending decisions more to the January, Februarytimeframe and: can we also participate on that? Thanks.
Bill Green: Well, I mean: I guess, I just tell you. I don't know, whenI'm bullish, I guess, I get in trouble. So, I try to be thoughtful about it.What I do make sure I do is: to have a handle on what the hell is going on inthe business, right? And the only way to do that is with the big clients andthat's why I have spent the last month out on the road, right? Taking people'stemperatures, seeing: how and what people are focused on? What are they need todo? Is globalization still driving the competitive agenda? All the things thathad been going on in the past. And the fact is, they are, right? And everyday there arechanges in the competitive dynamic and those changes create opportunities forAccenture. So, in one way, you can either let the business drive you or you candrive the business. I think what our leadership team has done is, knowing thereare some uncertainties in the way the environment is made, so we took charge inthat we are driving the business. One of the things Steve talked about is: areas of expansion.He talked about an acquisition that built out more capability around thenetwork, which is sizzling hot. He talked about a couple of acquisitions to getinto the sea force space in the military stuff, again sizzling hot. We have anincredible presence there, but these gives us new products and services tobring to market and that's just start of the day job, and that's what we aredoing. And so, frankly, we feel the firm is in good hands and we feel in goodshape. And then all are soundings in the market globally, we feel good aboutthe business.
Moshe Katri - Cowenand Company: And then finally, this is a question to Steve: may be talk abit about your specialized sales force that actually is focusing on sellingwhat we call: “offshore likes services”?
Steve Rohleder: Okay, in the basis AO area. We've been really pleased withthe productivity of that group. Frankly, I wish I had about three times thesize because I think the market is there and we're now looking at opportunitiesto expand that work force even more aggressively than we have in the past. So, I'm pleased with the level of sales and bookings of thatgroup has generated. We've limited the growth to the USand the UK.I'd like to expand it beyond there frankly. We got some plans on the tableright now, to move more aggressively into Q2 and Q3 in that area. So overall, MosheI'm really pleased with what we've done.
Moshe Katri - Cowenand Company: Great, congratulation for the quarter!
Steve Rohleder: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. And we go to the line of Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse.Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane - CreditSuisse: Yeah, hi thanks. Bill, when you say: “something mystery” or“challenge” and it's come at you first and short-term cost cutting. I just wantto be clear: what industry is there that you're referring to there?
Bill Green: Well, I give you a couple of examples. If you are inobviously certain areas of banking, I look in what can we do achieve theshort-term cost improvements. I mean, that's sort of like goes without sayingand its something they do periodically and given the current environment thatwe're in right now. People are focused on that. You read about it everyday.Then you go to sort of the sectors, right? You, for instance, pharmaceuticals:If you look at the life cycles of pharmaceuticals companies, some of them havered hot drugs that are going in to market and some of the half things come offpatent and then their challenge. And so those companies are looking at strategicrationalization and then proven their cost position. So they could spend thatmoney on R&D to get new products to market and so those are just twoexamples that actually come up in the last few weeks, where or what people lookat, we are looking to us for, now these are long-term relationships. But whatthe companies are looking to us for now is: “help me with short-term costimprovement because I want to use that money for something else to drive mybusiness”.
Bryan Keane - CreditSuisse: And then Steve: maybe you can just follow-up on financialservices? You mentioned: obviously, people are concerned about that. Can youjust talk about the different areas there core banking and insurance andcapital markets and help of those markets?
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. I'll start with insurance. We had kind of steadygrowth in the Americasand Asia Pac, but the big growth in insurance came in EMEA. If you look at theother two industries capital markets and banking actually I just observed thenumbers for Q4 and looking at how we've grown those two industries, they bothgrown in double-digits in the Americasover the last two quarter. So, I think we're holding our own. Make no mistake about it.It’s very, very competitive out there. We've also seen a shift quite frankly oran adjustment, if you will to more outsourcing opportunities, which suites usfine. We just basically our cognize of that and we have deploy the resources toaddress that part of the market. So, we're going continue to push in a market. We've got agreat leadership team you met here at Analyst Day. And I think that team isgoing to go after the market in a very aggressive very creative way. They'regoing to be selective about the deals they go after and they're going to bevery focused on driving profitable growth in that segment.
Bill Green: Yeah. Let me just draft and just because I think if you'dstand back and look at it you have hundreds of what we call: “foundation offerings”,which is the thing as we takeout to market and put in front of the client. Wehave this discussion about discretionary and we assert that not much of what wedo is discretionary. Well, discretionary means doing something and they are doingnothing. The fact is a lot of these companies just need to do somethingdifferent in financial services. And therefore it's a different set ofofferings that we need to bring to the table and it's a different set ofoutcomes that we need to focus on. And Steve's point on the outsourcing is: that's a shiftthere is some people who are looking for cost or guaranteed customer service incost price performance level. Outsourcing is a way to get leverage from that.And so, it's a shift in the offerings, but the activity really doesn't die downor go away. What happens is we need to bring different skills and differentofferings to the table.
Bryan Keane - CreditSuisse: So: the pipeline of financial services still looks prettygood? I know, at the Analyst Day, Karl-Heinz spoke of a couple of largefinancial deals. So: that's what gives you confidence that you don't expect itto drop off in fiscal year '08?
Bill Green: Well, there are two things. I think, one is: there arelarger deals which Karl-Heinz referred to, and then there is a sort of streetstuff, right? Now, if you go down the hall here in New York and talk to our capital marketspeople, they are as busy as the beehive down there. I think the thing is, it'sa different set of offerings that we are needing to bring to the market and westill have to convert those. That's our job to go do that.
Bryan Keane - CreditSuisse: All right. Thank you very much.
Steve Rohleder: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: All right. And we'll go to the line of Tien-Tsin Huang fromJP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Thanks. Pam maybe can you walk us through the change in thecash flow guidance? It looks like its being revised down by a roughly theamount of “reorg liability”. So, I just want to make sure, I'm not missinganything there, since: have you not fully captured the amount of raise in theEPS guidance in relation to the cash flow?
Pam Craig: Well, we did a pretty detailed study of the free cash flowTien-Tsin. And: yes, the basic math is that the “reorg liability” amount is theamount that we decreased the cash flow guidance by in terms of the annualoutlook on that. Now, there are a number of “puts and takes” that go intocash flow, including changes in our DSOs, and cash payment rights, accountspayable taxes, whatever. So, I think that what we're trying to do is just makesure that with the DSOs, which, again, in the 30s very strong, but we want tomake sure that we can cover that. So we ran the numbers and this is theguidance.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. It sounds like there's conservatism among the workingcapital after a pretty good performance last year.
Pam Craig: Well, the DSO's in the 30s is incredibly strong, as youknow. It's industry-leading and we're very proud of that. And, I believe, ourpeople will continue to maintain that. But yeah, we have that in there.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, understood. Then, I guess, Steve, I know I ask this, Ithink, almost every quarter, but: just want to make sure that the growth in theGDN headcount is still consistent with the revenue growth out of the GDN?
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. I mean: I think it's consistent with where we thinkthe GDN should grow. And it's hard to draw, connect one dot growth in GDN togrowth in revenue. What is important to us is to make sure that we've connectedthe growth and the GDN to the growth and demand of the work that we're sellingand doing that demand those kinds of services, Tien-Tsin. So I think we've got a very strong connection. The groupthat runs the GDN is very sensitive to any kind of adjustment in chargeabilityor adjustment of demand. They look at the pipeline. They look at what's comingdown the pipeline in the next two or three quarters in terms of potentialdemand. They are very sensitive to what's being booked and the skills that aregoing to be needed there. And frankly, because of some of the operating model changesthat we've made, they now have flexibility, I think, to move people not onlywithin centers a lot more readily, but across centers. And I think that'shelped our efficiency as well.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Got it. So: are you safe to say you're pleased with the coststructure in the GDN today?
Steve Rohleder: I am. Yes, I am.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you. Happy Holidays.
Steve Rohleder: You too.
Pam Craig: Same to you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to the line of Julie Santoriellowith Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Julie Santoriello -Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good afternoon. A question on bookings: Thebookings guidance for the year implies about 9% to 18% growth, but the quarterlooks like about 8% growth year-over-year, consulting being very, very strongand outsourcing being sort of flattish. Can you comment on that? Especially inlight of what Steve had mentioned that you are starting to see some increase inoutsourcing demand, but it seems those are not quite showing up in bookingsyet. Can you just go into some detail on how bookings are shaping up? Are thereany changes or surprises in what's coming through?
Pam Craig: I'll go ahead.
Bill Green: You go ahead.
Pam Craig: Julie, this is Pam. I think, first of all, as you know,bookings are lumpy, and particularly outsourcing bookings are lumpy. So, eventhough the book-to-bill on outsourcing this quarter was 1.1, we're stilltargeting 1.2 for the year. Bill, do you want to add some color.
Bill Green: Yeah. No, I guess I would just say we look hard at this,right? And, obviously, because of the economy we're in and the stuff that youguys are saying, now we look doubly hard at it. Importantly, when we stand backand look at it, we remain confident with the bookings momentum that we have andthe revenue targets that we have for the company that are the yield out ofthose bookings. And one of the things I wish to talk about is activity,right? Which I know is hard for people to metric and quantify. But the activityin terms of, like the buzz in terms of: what people are chasing around here?And: where the opportunities are? Is the same as it's been? And we continue tobe focused on it. So frankly, we're relaxed about the bookings and the revenuetarget.
Julie Santoriello -Morgan Stanley: Thanks. And would we naturally expect over the course of theyear: do you think you'll see increasing strength in outsourcing and, perhaps,some moderation realistically in consulting?
Bill Green: I mean, as Pam said about lumpiness, in one quarter twooutsourcing things can make a real dramatic difference. And whether they happenin Q2 or Q3 or Q4, I think it's hard to put a finger on that. I do think thereare reasons that consulting demand continues to be good. I think there arereasons that the consulting bookings for the quarter were good. If you talkabout short-term cost reduction, I mean: that's a consulting assignment, right? So, there are still a lot of things going on that driveconsulting demand. So, I think, within the bandwidth that we expected as weplan the year, we think we're going to stay right within that bandwidth. Iwould like to see, as we mentioned last year, more acceleration and consulting.But, I think Steve made an important point earlier, and that's the quality ofthe deals has to be there. And that's something that we've had the luxury ofchoosing, and we hope we'll still be able to choose the deals that we take.
Julie Santoriello -Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And just one quick clarification on for thosecustomers that have started down this path of looking for a quick cost savingstype of things: does this almost universally mean offshore?
Bill Green: No, absolutely not. It has to do with rationalizing ofstrategy, our people putting their investments in the right place. They focusedon the most profitable offerings. In certain industries it has a lot to do withcustomer service because a major cost in the certain industries is the costthat it takes to maintain the certain level of customer service. And thequestion is: how can you maintain or improve that level of customer service forless money? So, I do not at all connect the two. Now, downstream, might there be opportunities for people tohave services performed in a lower cost profile environment, absolutely right.But the going in position is finding and tuning: what you need to do to driveout the cost? Some of the offshoring stuff may be medium or longer term costimprovements, but the shorter term ones may come from classic reengineering SixSigma and rethinking: how people do things?
Julie Santoriello -Morgan Stanley: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: All right. And we'll go to the line of Pat Burton with Citi.Please go ahead.
Pat Burton - Citi: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. Outstanding numbers inthis environment. My question relates to the operating margin outlook. As theyear plays out: do you anticipate any improvement in the margins year-on-year?Thanks.
Pam Craig: Hi, Pat. It's Pam. Our annual guidance for operating marginwas 12.8% to 13.1%, which is a 10 to 40 basis point improvement over the lastyear or so. We certainly expect to do at least as well as we did this quarter.
Pat Burton - Citi: Will that come from the G&A side or the sales andmarketing? I know you've been making progress on both of those areas.
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. Pat, this is Steve. I kind of went through about fourdifferent levers that I look at. I do think that we can get more efficient onthe sales side. I think, the G&A side, we've got some targeted goals thatwe want to hit. We hit them in Q1. I think we're well on our way for the restof the year as well. But, it's a combination of that. It's a combination ofpricing, chargeability in certain areas around the world, and really, gettingour projects to deliver on the original deal economics consistently across theplace.
Pat Burton - Citi: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. And we will go to the line of [Elizabeth Berkley withArete Research]. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Berkley -Arete Research: Yes. Good afternoon. Just on the outsourcing business. Maybecould you just summarize where you are trying to drive higher outsourcinggrowth? You've talked about this at the last quarter. Can you just talk aboutthe focused areas for driving higher growth in that business? And then alsotalk about: if you are seeing a shift away to more of a cost focus outside ofthat vase or the particular company or the pharma sector that you've mentioned?Bill, if you are seeing that elsewhere? Thank you.
Bill Green: Yeah. Elizabeth,let me start with the outsourcing question that you had in terms of specificactions in focus areas where as one. Obviously, application outsourcing is alarge piece of our business and we are continuing to push very aggressively notonly with new clients, but with existing clients there. One of the emerging areas that we are focusing on to roundthat our service offerings is infrastructure outsourcing. We’ve had some greatexamples of being able to go into existing clients and provide infrastructureoutsourcing services. We continue to compete toe-to-toe with a number oforganizations out there in this area. And we think it's a great growth area forus to marry technology and some of our outsourcing skills. And then in the BPOarea that I would separate that into two buckets, if you will one is in thefinance and accounting, learning and procurement areas, where we are continuingto push and seeing some very strong growth. And then on the vertical BPO side, we've talked a lot aboutin past earnings calls about where our BPO business is going and the focus onthe vertical offerings that we have. I think this time I tried to highlight thefact that we've taken an existing area and expanded it. And I think that's an important point as we look at howwe're really going to expand the vertical BPO business. I think our focus isgoing to be on adjacent businesses not necessarily going into brand new onesbecause the cost of investment is lower, and frankly the ability to drivefinancial results is very much quicker.
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. Let me answer the second part of your question. Ithink there's been an interesting phenomenon and that a couple of things havebeen going on in the market in the last sort of three to four months. One issome of the new entrance in the outsourcing business are starting to stub theirtoes. And those are people that sold sort of cost based deals and they're havingdelivery issues or service level issues associated with the cost. The other thing that's happened is as people have gottenmore experienced with this, they understand the power of the transformationalproposition as opposed to the cost based one. And so, I find that people are alot more tuned in to: what's the service level? What's the predictability?What's the reliability? All those things as it relates to the outsourcingproposition. And that demand plays to the Accenture strength because our agendais sort of transforming the processes and operating in a different way to getnot only a better cost profile, but an improved performance output. And so, I think there is a couple of things going on rightnow, which you tend to think when you get cost pressures people would leapoutside for cost. But I think that people have a lot of experience with thisnow. And some of the outsourcing demand is just an acceleration of certainoutsourcing agendas that companies have already had. And then the last thing is that I don't think there is aboard today that isn't asking the management of the company: have youconsidered leveraging outsourcing in order to perform these processes? But Ithink people look at it smartly, because a lot of these processes are in factprocesses that touch the customer and therefore the quality and profitabilityof the output and of the provider is essential to them and we think all ofthose things point in our direction.
Elizabeth Berkley -Arete Research: Can I just ask a quick follow-up on the share buybackpolicy? Because you bought back 6.7 million shares in the open market. And:could you just clarify the intent of your current and future buyback programsas regards returning capital to shareholders versus simply covering foundershare overhang and employee options or [SUs] etcetera? Because, if you look atyour total authorization at the end of the quarter, I think you had 4.1 billionand on my calculations that's 116 million shares. And it looks like you stillgot about a 185 million founder shares that could be transferred before the endof '09, if you could just remind us: the rationale or the philosophy behindyour share buyback program? Thanks.
Pam Craig: Yeah, this is Pam. We have a normal course share buybackprogram from active founders that we use quarterly and we continue to executethat every quarter. We also look for opportunities to buyback in the openmarket when we think the price is right. And, as you know, we did that in thispast quarter. At the Analyst Day, about a month ago I did go through someanalysis of what we call the '09 overhang or the shares that come due in '09and we'll be happy to get into more detail with you on that offline.
Elizabeth Berkley -Arete Research: Okay, alright. Thank you.
Richard Clark : Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Right and that will be from the line of Tim Fox withDeutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Tim Fox - DeutscheBank : Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. One question, I guess a multipart, in your discussion earlier talking about some of the possible shorterduration impact hit contracts. I just wondered: if you could talk in generalabout where durations have gone given the fact that outsourcing contracts havedefinitely shortened over the past few years? And just wondering: as you lookout into the consulting business, do you see any possible risk of shorterduration contracts actually impacting your outlook for bookings for the year?
Steve Rohleder: Tim, this is Steve. On the outsourcing thing I think we'vebeen pretty public about the fact that we as you pointed out. We've seenoverall duration go down and while that's happen we look at that, but we alsolook at the contracts yield for our outsourcing projects and we haven't seenany drop in that number. So, and I think, frankly, it’s safe to say that theyhave stabilized. We had seen that over the last 12 to 18 months and I think thetimeframe right now is petty stable. On the consulting side, we've not seen any change regardlessof whether its customer segmentation work in the retail area or work for in thecapital asset management area for utilities or any of the consulting, straightconsulting work we have typically its not time sensitive in terms of sixmonths, 12 months whatever its time sensitive in terms of the business outcomethat our clients are asking for. And frankly, that hasn't varied much in mytenure here. So, there hasn't been much change and to your question on whetherit would impact our outlook, frankly what we have in our pipeline, how that'stime phased and the probability of what we've got in there impacts our outlookmore than anything.
Bill Green: Yeah I would just add that, our consulting isn’t pickylittle job, I mean: they are sort of big jobs, people are going to make a decision.They are going to be of relatively long-term duration. They are going to beoutcomes based and a lot of the economics are going to be based on delivering asolution. There is an outcome to the company. And so, there is a little lessoption in terms of the shortage or shortening things up.
Tim Fox - DeutscheBank : Okay, great. And just one other, maybe for Steve just 41%growth, I think it was year-over-year on your global footprint. Just wondered:if you could comment generally about the hiring particularly in India?We’ve heard from other companies that the hiring seems to be easing a bit,which was certainly different from the past couple of years. But, if you canjust comment on overall hiring plans there? How is attrition looking? Wageinflation? Just the general pressures on that market would be great. Thank you.
Steve Rohleder: The attrition is in line with our expectations. We did gothrough a raise across the board in India that was consistent withwhere we felt we had to be from a market standpoint. We began to recoup that inthe marketplace. Our hiring plans are driven specifically came by the market.And it’s difficult to say are your hiring plans harder or softer, moreaggressive, less aggressive in Indiabecause we don't look at it that way. What we look at it is the global deliverynetwork and what is the demand for our services across the 30 to 35 centersthat we have there. But our hiring in India basically for the quarter asI've looked at it is consistent with what our demands going to be.
Tim Fox - DeutscheBank : Thank you. Great quarter!
Steve Rohleder: You bet. Thanks.
Pam Craig: Thank you.
Bill Green: Well, let me just say a couple of things in closing. Firstof all, we completed the first quarter of 2008 with great confidence and withgreat momentum. We remain committed to expanding our capabilities,strengthening our global franchise and increasing our competitivedifferentiation. In short, we are committed to winning and driving futuregrowth and profits. Durability, diversity, differentiation of our businessservice well, I think you can see that.  We support this with operating discipline and theflexibility required to execute for our clients and for our shareholders. And lastly, our performance reflects the continued effort bymore than 175,000 men and women of Accenture, to continue our break away fromthe competitive pack. Our emphasis on high performance shapes every singlething that we do. So again, thanks for joining us today. We appreciate yourcontinued support and we wish you happy holiday.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be availablefor replay today at 9.45 pmuntil January 02, 2008at midnight. You may accessthe AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701and entering the access code of 897991. International participants may dial1-320-365-3844. Again those numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and 1-320-365-3844 withthe access code of 897991.  This does conclude our conference for today. Thank you foryour participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. Youmay now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-09-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Clarke - Managing Director of IR   Bill Green - Chairman & CEO   Pam Craig - CFO   Steve Rohleder - COO
Analysts : Adam Frisch - UBS   Moshe Katri - Cowen and Co.   Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein   Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley   Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs   Edward Caso - Wachovia   David Ridley-Lang - Bear Stearns   Abhi Gami - Banc of America Securities   George Price - Stifel Nicolaus   Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan 
Operator: Welcome to Accenture's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
 Richard Clark: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2007 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pam Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.  We hope you had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2008 and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.  As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.  Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.  During our call today we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the investor relations section of our website at Accenture.com.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill. 
 Bill Green: Thank you, Richard and thanks everyone for joining us today. Clearly we have turned in another strong performance for our fourth quarter, closing out an excellent fiscal 2007 for Accenture. We continue to make progress in implementing our strategy. We are driving our business with confidence and conviction and we're focused on achieving profitable growth in every aspect of our operations.  Here are some highlights from the quarter and the year. We delivered record quarterly revenues of $5.11 billion, driven by double-digit growth in U.S. dollars across all of our operating groups and geographies. We achieved record annual revenues of $19.7 billion. We achieved double-digit EPS growth for the full year, and exceeded our outlook.  Another key metric, free cash flow, was also extremely strong at $638 million for the fourth quarter, and $2.27 billion for the full year. Our new bookings for the year where a record $22 billion. Consulting bookings continued to show momentum and our outsourcing bookings in terms of size, duration and quality has served us very well in terms of the durability and predictability of our portfolio.  We continue returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividend payments, and just declared a dividend of $0.42 per share today.  We ended the year with close to 170,000 people. We are fortunate to continue to attract and retain the very best people in this business. Their individual and collective efforts on behalf of our clients and the firm are extraordinary, and our results show it. Attrition was stable, and our utilization rate was up year over year.  We have powerful momentum going into 2008, confirmed by our regular, thorough review of every element of our business just completed over the last few days. We are keeping a very close eye on the global economic trends, developments in the capital markets, and other issues that may affect our business, but we entered the year with a great deal of confidence in our ability to keep building on our leadership position in the industry.  We have built a diverse and durable business over the past few years. We have leading positions in the world's geographies across dozens of industry sectors and in each of our growth platforms. Our long-term relationships and our role as part of the fabric of our clients' businesses position us extremely well.  Now I will turn the call over to Pam, who will provide more detail on our financial performance. 
 Pam Craig : Thanks, Bill and hello, everyone. I am pleased to tell you more about Accenture's outstanding fourth quarter and full year financial results. We had a very strong quarter in terms of revenues, earnings and cash flow. This continued the trend of strong results across each of the quarters of our fiscal year. Our fundamentals are very sound, and we continue to see positive momentum and strong demand in our business.  Let me provide additional detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Net revenues for the quarter were $5.11 billion, a year-over-year increase of 29% in U.S. dollars and 23% in local currency, and our highest quarterly revenues ever.  Net revenues exceeded our previous outlook of $4.8 billion to $5.0 billion. Absent the $339 million net revenue impact of the NHS agreement in Q4 last year, the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2006 would have been an increase of 19% in U.S. dollars and 14% in local currency, our strongest local currency quarterly growth to date.  Consulting revenues were $3.0 billion, an increase of 38% in U.S. dollars and 32% in local currency over the fourth quarter last year. The growth would still have been 20% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency over Q4 last year absent the impact of last year's NHS agreement.  Outsourcing revenues were $2.1 billion, an increase of 17% in U.S. dollars and 12% in local currency over the same period last year.  Net revenues for the full fiscal year were $19.70 billion, an increase of 18% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currency. Even without the impact of the NHS agreement last year, net revenues in fiscal 2007 would have increased 16% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency.  Breaking down full year revenues by type of work, consulting accounted for $11.86 billion, an increase of 20% in U.S. dollars and 15% in local currency over fiscal 2006. Again, adjusting for the impact of last year's NHS agreement, the increase would have been 16% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency. Outsourcing contributed $7.84 billion, an increase of 16% in U.S. dollars and 12% in local currency over fiscal 2006. In summary, these revenue results are strongly consistent with our medium-term objective of revenue growth in the range of 9% to 12% in local currency.  As we move further down the income statement, I'm going to continue to provide comparisons of our fiscal 2007 fourth quarter and full year results to the corresponding periods for fiscal 2006 on both a GAAP basis and on an adjusted basis. Let me define the adjustments to our fiscal 2006 results upfront. The intent is to remove the financial impact of several non-recurring items from last year in order to provide better comparisons of what is happening in our core business.  For the fourth quarter, the fiscal year 2006 results on an adjusted basis exclude two things: the net impact of the NHS resolution in the fourth quarter, which reduced revenues as I just discussed, and cost of services by $339 million. And, tax benefits of $150 million.  For the full fiscal year 2006, the results on an adjusted basis exclude the two items I just mentioned, plus the net impact of the NHS contract loss provision of $450 million in the second quarter, and the impact of $72 million in reorganization benefits recognized throughout that fiscal year. Results on an adjusted basis were also included in today's news release.  For the fourth quarter, gross margin was 31.2% compared with 34.1% in the fourth quarter last year on a GAAP basis and 31.4% on an adjusted basis. Gross margin for the full year was 30.7% compared with 30.0% for fiscal year 2006 on a GAAP basis and 31.6% on an adjusted basis.  SG&A costs for the fourth quarter were $945 million, or 18.5% of net revenues. This compares with $844 million or 21.3% of net revenues on a GAAP basis and 19.6% of net revenues on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter last year.  SG&A costs for the full year were $3.52 billion, or 17.9% of net revenues. This compares with fiscal 2006 SG&A expense of $3.20 billion, or 19.2% of net revenues, on a GAAP basis and $3.23 billion, or 19.0% of net revenues, on an adjusted basis. We are very pleased that we achieved a reduction of 110 basis points on an adjusted basis for both the quarter and the fiscal year, as we are now ahead of plan in our multi-year efforts to reduce SG&A costs as a percentage of net revenue.  GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was $642 million, reflecting operating margin of 12.6%. This compares with $501 million, or an operating margin of 12.6% on a GAAP basis and 11.6% on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter of 2006. Our operating income for the quarter was in line with our expectations, allowing us to continue to accrue annual bonus and invest in our business.  GAAP operating income for the full fiscal year 2007 was $2.49 billion, or 12.7% of net revenues. This compares with fiscal 2006 operating income of $1.84 billion, or 11.1%, on a GAAP basis, a 160 basis point expansion, and 12.4% on an adjusted basis, a 30 basis point expansion. As communicated previously, our objective was to expand our full year operating margin by at least 20 basis points, which we have accomplished.  The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 37.0%. This rate is higher than the prior year-to-date tax rate due to a shift in income between countries. The year to date effective tax rate was 34.2%, consistent with our previously communicated range of 33% to 35%, and includes the $21 million benefit from a discrete item recorded in the second quarter this year. Before this item, the recurring effective tax rate for fiscal 2007 was 35.0%.  GAAP income before minority interest for the fourth quarter was $431 million compared with $502 million on a GAAP basis and $352 million on an adjusted basis in the same period last year. For the fiscal year, GAAP income before minority interest was $1.72 billion compared with $1.43 billion in fiscal 2006.  For the quarter, GAAP diluted EPS was $0.50 compared with $0.56 on a GAAP basis and $0.39 on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter last year. This represents a 28% year-over-year increase on an adjusted basis. GAAP diluted EPS for the full fiscal year was $1.97, our highest annual EPS ever, and above our guided range of $1.94 to $1.96. EPS of $1.97 compare with fiscal 2006 EPS of $1.59 on a GAAP basis, and represented a 22% increase over the adjusted basis of $1.61.  Now let's turn to our cash flow and some key parts of our balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $638 million, resulting from operating cash flow of $777 million, less property and equipment additions of $139 million. For the full fiscal year, free cash flow was $2.27 billion, resulting from operating cash flow of $2.63 billion, less property and equipment additions of $364 million.  Free cash flow significantly exceeded the upper end of our expected range. The increased in free cash flow was mainly due to further efficiency in billing and collections, as evidenced by our day services outstanding, or DSOs, which were 31 days. DSOs at the end of fiscal 2006 were 37 days, so we achieved a DSO improvement of six days compared to last fiscal year.  These DSOs for both fiscal years 2006 and 2007 have been recalculated to reflect a three-day reduction from a balance sheet reclassification. We booked a reclass from unbilled services to non-current assets and liabilities on August 31, 2007 to better reflect accounting for deferred costs in revenues, which are now separated from unbilled services. In addition, our capital expenditures during the year reflect continued efficiency in structuring client contracts.  Our total cash balance at August 31 was $3.31 billion compared with $3.07 billion at August 31 last year. Cash, combined with $300 million of fixed income securities classified as investments on our balance sheet, was $3.61 billion compared with $3.53 billion at August 31 last year. Total debt at August 31 was $26 million compared with $52 million at August 31 last year. Our balance sheet metrics continue to be strong. For the 12 months ended August 31 our return on invested capital was 58%, our return on equity was 62%, and our return on assets was 17%.  Before I turn things over to Steve, I will comment on share repurchases and dividend activities. In the fourth quarter we repurchased or redeemed 9.6 million shares for approximately $401 million at an average price of $41.74 per share. For the full year, we repurchased or redeemed 67.5 million shares for approximately $2.3 billion at an average price of $34.22 per share. At August 31 Accenture's total outstanding share repurchase authority was approximately $1.65 billion.  In terms of our public float, using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation, which excludes all outstanding founder shares, our public float at the end of the fourth quarter was approximately 66%, compared with 58% at the end of fiscal 2006. The public now represents two-thirds of the ownership of our company.  Today our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.42 per share on Accenture Ltd. Class A common shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 12. Accenture SCA will also declare a cash dividend of $0.42 per share for shareholders of record of Accenture SCA class one common shares at the close of business on October 9. Both are payable on November 15. This represents a $0.07 per share, or 20% increase over the dividend we paid last year.  All in all we had a strong quarter and an equally strong and consistent full fiscal year. Reflecting on my first year as CFO, I am very proud of our people and their tremendous ability to drive our business in a way that serves our clients and shareholders so well. This has truly been an amazing year.  Now Steve will give you some more detail on our operations. 
 Steve Rohleder: Thank you, Pam. Hi everyone and thanks for joining us today. We had an excellent fourth quarter and a terrific year with growth across all three dimensions of our business. Let me take you through some of the highlights, starting with the operating groups.  All five operating groups recorded their highest-ever annual revenues with double-digit growth in U.S. dollars. Four operating groups also turned in strong double-digit growth in local currency.  In resources, annual revenues were driven by strong consulting growth, with demand heavily focused on SAP and supply chain work. Outsourcing growth in EMEA was also strong and in the fourth quarter the trend continued with strong growth in both consulting and outsourcing across all industries and geographies.  Our annual results in financial services were driven by growth in EMEA in all three industries, especially banking. In the Americas, Capital Markets and insurance also delivered solid growth. And in the fourth quarter revenue growth was due largely to the strength of our consulting business in EMEA, and our outsourcing business in the Americas. I think it is important to mention that our financial services business is very diverse, and the sub-prime market issue has had no impact on our business to date, although we continue to monitor the situation.  Annual results for our products operating group reflects strong growth in both consumer goods and services and health and life sciences in EMEA. In the Americas, we saw a significant contribution from the retail industry group and revenue growth in the fourth quarter was driven largely by consumer goods and services across all geographies and our retail group in the Americas and Asia Pacific.  In communications and high-tech we had an outstanding annual revenue growth in Asia Pacific and EMEA. Outsourcing also contributed to growth across all industries and geographic regions and in the fourth quarter, we saw very strong growth coming from the telecommunications sector in both Asia Pacific and EMEA.  Annual results in government were driven largely by consulting work in EMEA and the Americas. In the fourth quarter we saw double-digit consulting growth in Asia Pacific, EMEA and U.S. Federal. I also want to mention that we recently changed the name of our government operating group to better reflect the broader client base we are now serving. Going forward government will now be called the Public Service Operating Group.  As I look across the operating groups, I am really pleased with the solid results of the fourth quarter. As always, we continue to focus on the profitability improvements across all of these businesses.  In terms of the geographic regions, in the Americas our annual revenue grew by 10% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. In the fourth quarter, we saw strong results across most countries in the region, led by the United States and Brazil. EMEA revenues increased 25% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency for the full year. Growth in the fourth quarter was driven by the UK, France, and Spain.  Revenues in Asia Pacific grew 33% in U.S. dollars and 28% in local currency for the year. Fourth quarter growth was even stronger, led by Australia and Japan. This marks our sixth consecutive quarter of impressive double-digit growth in Asia Pacific in both U.S. dollars and local currency.  Now turning to our growth platforms. In management consulting we saw strong demand throughout the year across all five service lines. We are continuing to expand through recruiting in both onshore and lower-cost locations. We're also adding capabilities through targeted acquisitions. For example, our recent acquisition of the George Group helped us add skills in the area of strategic process improvements.  In outsourcing, we are seeing strong demand for our learning and procurement BPO offerings, as well as continued demand for finance and accounting. Application outsourcing continues to be the largest segment of our outsourcing business and we are seeing demand for infrastructure outsourcing bundled with BPO and AO services.  In systems integration and technology, strong demand in SI is being driven by ERP work. Our technology consulting business continues to grow in double-digits, and demand is especially high in data center optimization and workplace collaboration.  We also continue to invest in the expansion of our global delivery network ending the year with more than 71,000 people, a 48% increase over FY06. We grew GDN headcount year-over-year by more than 65% in Asia Pacific and more than 30% in both the Americas and EMEA. Growth was particularly strong in our operations in India and the Philippines and the geographic diversity of our network continues to be a major competitive advantage for us.  Finally, let me touch on a few operational metrics. Bookings were $4.9 billion for the fourth quarter and $22 billion for the full year. Consulting bookings were $3.1 billion for the quarter and this is the fourth consecutive quarter we have reached or exceeded $3 billion in consulting bookings. Total annual consulting bookings of $12.7 billion set another record, representing 19% growth over FY06.  Outsourcing bookings were $1.8 billion for Q4 and $9.3 billion for the full year. As we have discussed previously, we have seen smaller contracts of shorter duration, but our average revenue per contract year is steady and our renewal rate remains high. In addition, we're finding that the shorter term contracts we are seeing in outsourcing give us a lower risk profile, and this benefits our overall portfolio. We continue to be selective in the deals we're pursuing and overall we're comfortable with our outsourcing pipeline to drive revenue growth in FY08.  Turning to people management, we recruited 60,000 new hires during FY07 and ended the year with approximately 170,000 employees, an increase of 21% over FY06. Utilization was 84% in the fourth quarter and 85% for the full year. Attrition was stable at 18% for both the fourth quarter and the full year.  In closing, our annual results reflect strong expansion across all three dimensions of our business. We also drove profitability through effective cost management and overall operational discipline. Finally, we gained market share globally and grew well above our proxy peer group. We're well-positioned to continue on this positive growth trajectory in FY08.  With that, let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook. 
 Pam Craig :  For our full fiscal 2008 business outlook we will continue to provide annual guidance in all of the areas we have in the past, and we will update you on these measures quarterly. We will continue to provide quarterly guidance for revenue, so that you have a basis for understanding our growth by quarter during the year.  For the full fiscal year 2008, we are targeting new bookings to be in the range of $24 billion to $26 billion. We also expect our consulting bookings to be of similar proportion to the total that they were this year. This assumes continued strength in consulting and a book to bill ratio of 1 to 1.1. This also assumes a book to bill of at least 1.2 for outsourcing.  Turning to revenue, as we stated in our Q3 earnings call, we continue to expect to grow revenues on a trajectory of 9% to 12% in local currency. This continues to be our medium-term objective. For earnings per share, we expect full year diluted EPS for fiscal 2008 to be in the range of $2.21 to $2.26. We expect operating margin for full fiscal year 2008 to be in the range of 12.8% to 13.1%. You should expect some fluctuations quarter to quarter, as you have seen in the past.  We intend to expand operating margin by maintaining our focus on improving contract economics through pricing, cost management and delivery efficiencies. We will be continuing our multi-year program of working SG&A down as a percentage of net revenue, although at a lesser rate.  Now let's turn to cash flow. For the full fiscal year, we expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion; property and equipment additions to be $420 million; and free cash flow to be in the range of $2.0 billion to $2.2 billion. This takes into account that we expect our DSOs to remain in the 30s but up from year end, and that we expect to expand our working capital and infrastructure capital to meet our growth projections. To complete the annual outlook for fiscal 2008, we expect our annual effective tax rate to be in a range of 33% to 35%.  Finally, turning to the first quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $5.4 billion to $5.6 billion. This range assumes a foreign exchange uplift of 4% to 5%.  With that, here is Bill to close before we take your questions. 
 Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. Let me recap just quickly here before we go to your questions. First of all, we're absolutely pleased with our outstanding performance in the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. We continue to make excellent progress executing against our growth agenda. We achieved record quarterly and annual revenues and had double-digit EPS growth for the full year.  We generated a tremendous amount of cash and our balance sheet remains strong. We are out in the markets, we are on top of our business and we find that demand for our services continues to be robust. We continue to expand on the capabilities that differentiate us and differentiate Accenture from our competitors in the marketplace globally. Most of all, we have powerful momentum going into '08.  So let's go ahead and open it up for some questions. 
Question-and-Answer:
Operator: Your first question comes from Adam Frisch - UBS. 
 Adam Frisch - UBS:  A great job on the quarter and the year. I just want to ask two questions. First on free cash flow, a monster year in '07; '08 expected to be flat. What are some of the big puts and takes between '07 and '08? Hopefully you will beat it in '08 like you did in '07, but I just wanted to know what was a little higher or lower in '07 that could impact the comp in '08? 
 Pam Craig :  You probably remember that we guided last year to $1.6 billion to 1.8 billion in the first quarter. The outstanding continued performance on DSOs really made us be able to bring that up. I think that, as you look at next year, I mean, we take into account what cash the business is going to generate. We made the DSO assumption a little more conservative than where we were at year end. We expect some uptick in capital because we have to fund the working capital and the growth. We will have higher annual bonus payments for this past year than we did for last year. Finally, you have to take into account all the tax payments we may have. 
 Adam Frisch - UBS:  On the bookings side, flat expectations for next year, off again, another monster year in '07. But how do revenues grow in the 9% to 12% range if bookings are going to be relatively flat, and if the mix between consulting and outsourcing is going to be about the same? 
 Steve Rohleder: I think the way you have to look at it is go back to the book to bill ratio that we talked about as well. We got well over a year in backlog in excess of 1.1 for consulting, and as Pam said, we're targeting 1.2 for outsourcing. 
 Pam Craig :  At least. 
 Steve Rohleder:  At least 1.2 for outsourcing. So I think the bookings target the year is well within the range to allow us to grow at the revenue clip that we want. 
 Adam Frisch - UBS: Operating margin expansion, Pam. Still assuming the same kind expansion in '08, the 30 to 50 basis points or so, and just keep moving the line there? 
 Pam Craig :  I think it is more like 10 to 40. But, yes, we're going to just keep pushing on all the same levers to expand moderately. 
 Adam Frisch - UBS: Any buybacks or additional buybacks assumed in the '08 EPS guidance, or would that all be upside? 
 Pam Craig :  There are some assumed in there, yes. 
 Adam Frisch - UBS:  Can you say how much? 
 Pam Craig :  No. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company. 
 Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company: Let me add my congratulations. Can you talk a bit about looking at your fiscal '08 guidance what is embedded in your outlook for pricing trends next year in terms of growth? On the EBIT margins front, did we fix some of the challenges or the issues we had in the financial services vertical? Thanks. 
 Bill Green:  I will address both of those. First of all from a pricing standpoint, Moshe, we are continuing to push through pricing increases in specific areas. As a bit of context, we had 300 of our leaders together over the last two weeks to take them through the operations agenda for next year. Pricing was top of the list in terms of margin expansion.  While I won't comment specifically on the assumptions that we have made, I will tell you that the areas that we are focused on , we continue to focus on are management consulting, technology consulting, and specialty skills areas of systems integration.  On your second question around financial services, I do feel like we made some really good progress in Q4 on the operational inefficiencies that we had mentioned in the prior quarter. We're watching it very closely as we move forward into FY '08. 
 Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company:  Finally, you mentioned 71,000 people in your global delivery network. Can you break them down by India, the Philippines and then other? Thanks. 
 Bill Green:  I think right now we're about 35,000 in India. I don't think we have broken it down beyond there. We may have said at one point the Philippines, and we can get back to you with the break out of the different locations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  I wanted to talk quickly about the bookings. The midpoint of your guidance reflects 14% growth so that actually sounds like a very good bookings number if you just hit the midpoint of your target. The question is a lot of the investor concern in the world today is around the U.S. economy. In light of the concerns and uncertainties about the economy, you're giving us a bookings number that is pretty good growth here. Where does that confidence come from? Can you talk about the regional mix of the bookings guidance, or maybe the mix between consulting and outsourcing, and give us a little visibility as to where that confidence comes from? 
 Bill Green: Let me just give you a sense for what we look at. We really look at two things. First is externally what is going on. The fact is if you stand back, we have a great global economy we are operating in, and we have a good U.S. economy. I spent last week at the business roundtable, 160 CEOs from U.S. companies, and we had a pretty good frame of reference for what is going on there. But also I think as people look at our company, you can't lose sight of the fact that two-thirds of it is not in the United States. I think that is just an important thing to dial into.  I think the second thing is we look at our business, and I mentioned in my comments that we had just done a thorough review, because it was just part of our normal leadership meeting and we happened to do it the same week as earnings. We went through our five operating groups and each one, including financial services, felt good and great about their business, about the competitive position. They all had elements of the business that were on fire. I think in that sense you stand back and look at it, people are confusing Wall Street and Main Street. Frankly on Main Street, with these companies, even if you want to let the sub-prime issue get on you, if you compete on the global stage you can't. And that is just a fact.  Just as if that was happening in China, it is a nit in the whole scheme of things. So we're not blind to what is going on there. We're looking very hard at this business. But frankly we look at our '08 plan, we think it is thoughtful, we think it is reasonable, and we feel confident about executing against it. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  Just to continue on the bookings topic, if I look at your fiscal '07 results, you came in at the lower end of the range. That is clearly because your outsourcing bookings were somewhat lackluster probably relative to your initial plan, and consulting was spectacular.  As you look into fiscal '08 are you going to benefit from some outsourcing deals that might have slipped from '07? Is there going to be more of a weighing towards outsourcing recovering, or are you still looking at a year were consulting continues to outperform on the bookings front? 
 Bill Green:  We continue to feel great about the consulting business. When they outperform one year, they make it their plan the next year. So I don't know whether they will outperform, but we expect them to continue to have great momentum.  We feel good about the outsourcing work we took this year. That is something that is very important to me in terms of the quality, the durability, the duration and the profitability. But we are dialing up some things in the outsourcing space, because if you look at our pipeline, it is rich with opportunities. I think some of the announcements we have had, even since the beginning of this new fiscal year, you have seen some things where we have announced some bookings in the outsourcing space.  There is plenty of market there. We're going to turn up the dials on it a little. I would have liked to seen a little better outsourcing bookings, but I'm still very bullish on that part of the business, and we're charging ahead with it. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  One more related question here, and to look at this from a different angle. You have guided a 9% to 12% revenue growth in local currency for fiscal '07. If I get the numbers right here, excluding the NHS adjustment, your local currency revenue growth for fiscal '07 was actually about 11%. So you were at the upper end of your range. You are now guiding to fiscal '08 of 9% to 12% again, which means you actually believe you could see growth accelerate on a local currency basis into fiscal '08.  My question is, if you actually achieve 12% local currency revenue growth next year, is that acceleration more likely to come from consulting or more likely to come from outsourcing? 
 Pam Craig :  I think we said 9% to 12%. So 12% would be great, but we said 9% to 12%. I think as I mentioned in the script, consulting continues to be very strong going into next year. And we're looking for a book to bill of 1.1 to 1 with that, and outsourcing book to bill of at least 1.2.  I might not be following the question. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  Here's the simple question. What has happened in the last several quarters is your consulting business has started to accelerate to a growth rate that is better than your outsourcing business, when you look at it on an organic basis. Is that trend likely to continue into fiscal '08, or are you going to see the outsourcing business sort of catch-up with consulting or actually accelerate past consulting? 
 Pam Craig :  We have looked at it and I think the mix, the roughly 60/40 mix that you have seen the past couple of years, we are expecting that to continue. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: So balance growth , 9% to 12% balanced across consulting and outsourcing in fiscal '08? 
 Pam Craig :  Yes. 
 Bill Green:  I would just add to that. As we built the plan, as you guys know, we have talked to you about the nature of the consulting bookings. It used to be few years ago when we built a plan, you had to roll the dice on a couple of very large outsourcing things signing.  What we have now is the durability and the sort of variability of the business to have just straight out performance in doing the traditional outsourcing business, continuing to grow it. If we get any of the big giant outsourcing wins, they fall on top of what we have put in the plan. So you don't have to try to drive the company around one or two of these things. We have the company working as a machine. If we get lucky on a couple of very large ones, they just sort of add to the sweetness of it. 
 Pam Craig :  That is the difference between the lower and the higher end of the range. 
 Bill Green:  The top end of the range is a couple of those breaking our way. But you can't run the company praying the two of those are going to happen. You've got to run it with what you can see. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  But your view on where you will come out in the 9% to 12%, has that changed at all in the last couple of months, given some of the uncertainties in the economy, or is your expected case revenue growth performance about the same as where you were when you initially gave your 9% to 12% number? 
 Pam Craig :  That has not changed. 
 Bill Green: It hasn't changed since the spring. In fact, Pam used the term yesterday to me, she said I'm heartened by listening to the business review of all our operating groups. So to me that is an important thing. I mention that because it is a data point from this week, not from when we built the '08 plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley. 
 Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to dig in a little bit more on SG&A, impressive improvements in the fourth quarter and throughout fiscal '07. Can you talk about some of the specific drivers that really helped in '07, and those that you expect to continue in '08? It sounds like not as many things to tap into, but still some. 
 Steve Rohleder: For '07 it is basically three buckets of outcomes that contributed to the 110 basis point reduction. First of all, we set a pretty aggressive target in moving some of our corporate functions offshore. So we are operating in lower cost locations, and we made some great progress there. I think looking ahead for '08, we still have some room to continue that shift. I would tell you there's a couple of functions that did very well that I probably don't see moving much more. There's a couple that I can see us moving a little bit more aggressively. So that will have an impact.  The second area was sales effectiveness and efficiency, basically how we go to market and how we spend our sales dollars. I think toward the second half of '07 we actually began to see the benefit of some of the processes that we had put in place at the beginning of the fiscal year. I can tell you that we are focused on continuing to drive efficiency around our business development and sales activities into '08.  The third area is consolidated procurement. We are continuing this journey of driving consolidated spend under management within Accenture. Every percentage point we are able to achieve there obviously saves us money from a SG&A standpoint. So we made a lot of progress in '07. I still think we have a little room in '08 in that area as well. 
 Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Bill, you said in the past that the business really is dependent first and foremost on CEO confidence. That is what you look at as an important driver of the consulting business continuing. Being that you just came from a business roundtable event, and just from your other conversations with customers, I'm wondering what your thoughts are right now on CEO confidence heading into FY08 relative to '07?  No matter what, I understand the strength of the global economy, and the U.S. economy certainly isn't falling off a cliff. But we do have an environment that is at a minimum more uncertain. I'm wondering if you are seeing that at all in your conversations with the CEOs? 
 Bill Green:  It is certainly a topic of conversation, as everybody is looking around and the thing has taken on a life of its own. I think if you look at a lot of the big U.S. players, where they might be a little off in the U.S., they have over performed in terms of exports or over performed for their operations that are not in the U.S. When they stand back and look at their operations they continue to be good.  There are some very narrow sectors in certain businesses, particularly with very small businesses, and some of those people actually finance their businesses with some home equity in the very small business play. Some executives have trouble. But in the big players, they don't see it.  I guess the other thing that is important is the competitive environment has not gone away, it has gotten more intense. So even if you chose to sit out investing in something, you can't do it because somebody in Europe or France, somebody in Asia is investing in that capability and going to take it to market. I think people are uncertain about what is floating around out there. But they're not uncertain about what they need to do to continue to compete.  I think that the theme in the room was we have made good U.S. economy, a great global economy, and that people confuse Wall Street and Main Street and most of the business people in the room did not see that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: If you guys could just talk a little bit about gross margins as it relates to fiscal year '08 outlook. Assuming that some of the levers on the SG&A side are kind of reaching their capacity here, how do we get the gross margin item in the model working back in the right direction from here? 
 Pam Craig :  As I mentioned, we are continuing to focus on contract economics, pricing, cost management, delivery efficiencies. That is where it all starts. That is most of what is in gross margin. Of course the bonus is in there too. You saw what we did this year, because we did accrue and we will pay more bonus this year. But nonetheless fundamentally it is about contract economics. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Does that also work hand in hand with type of work that you're doing, meaning more consulting versus outsourcing at this point in time? 
 Pam Craig :  Not necessarily. We focus on it across the board. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  On an unrelated note, but this is something that I think we have talked about in the past, if you could breakup the consulting business in general terms, or in some specific percentages if you can provide that, what is the actual discretionary part of your consulting business? It has got a lot of different items in there, so help us understand, assuming that there is a risk of deceleration, etc., what would be the part that will be the most discretionary subject to getting cut or anything along those lines? 
 Bill Green:  In all honesty, if you stand back and look at the business, and we do this routinely, the most discretionary stuff are the boutique kind of assignments. We as a company don't do boutique assignments. Right? They are the small studies, evaluate this, assess that, give me your advice on this. If you stand back and look at our consulting stuff, it is how to compete on a global basis. It is how to engineer our global supply chain, and then we go execute that for the company. The nature of our consulting work is not of the small study, the optional stuff.  The average lifespan of one of our consulting engagements is over a year, and in many of them, multi-year. If you look even in financial services, as an example, if you look at some of the biggest players out there, they are doing global platform rollouts. They are doing global SAP finance rollouts. They've got global initiatives around improving their regulatory posture. They've got competitive things about bringing new products to market, not just in the U.S. but on a global basis. Those are traditional consulting projects for us that are right at the heart of what we do every day. The nature of those is not discretionary at all.  When I look at the part that is truly discretionary and five years ago we probably would've had a higher discretionary content to your point. But I look at the nature of what we do now, it is a single digit thing on the best day. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Steve, I think the GDN numbers that you suggested were 42% of total headcount, if I have the numbers right. How much further does the GDN grow as a percentage of your total headcount from here? 
 Steve Rohleder:  We let the market define that as we move forward. Basically as we continue to shift work offshore we are going to let that drive the headcount. We are still seeing strong demand. You know, it is interesting, I don't even think we have hit the ceiling in terms of the U.S. offshore, much less offshore usage in Western Europe and in Asia Pacific. I was in Australia last week and they have just got a handful of offshore projects right now. I think we can grow that much more aggressively.  The interesting thing also in offshore is we are seeing a shift now from India to Latin America, for example, and Argentina, where North American companies are concerned about their concentration in India and want to shift their offshore usage to other parts of our network. When I talk about the geographic diversity of our GDN, I really mean it because it is serving us very well as our clients want to make that kind of shift. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Especially the Eastern European platforms, the ones that you have built over the last couple of years, I saw a list of names there, and it is just impressive in terms of where you guys are, even across Eastern Europe, at this point in time relative to some of the India-based competitors. 
 Steve Rohleder:  Yes, and it is at scale. It is not 10 or 20 people. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Is there any correlation at all in terms of gross margins and the continued expansion of the GDN at this point? How do we think about the economics on that part? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Pam talked about cost efficient delivery. There is an impact on gross margins to a certain extent, but we have also built into the model some assumptions that we have to reduce our costs to serve. We have to continue to shift to lower cost locations. All that is in the guidance for the gross margin numbers that we put out today. 
 Bill Green:  I would just add to that. As you look at this business, we're sitting here at the beginning of the year, we see nothing but opportunities to improve our performance as business operators. We see an opportunity to reduce the cost to serve, what it takes us to do what we do for which we get paid. We continue to see leverage points around quality improvements, around cost efficiencies, around travel expenses, around all kinds of things. When I sit here, I don't see any less leverage in the business than we had last year. Yes, we took an advantage of some, but we found new areas and opportunities. This whole cost to serve thing is another tremendous opportunity we have going forward.  When we look at operating Accenture as a high-performance business, we see a lot of things that Pam and Steve and I and our leadership team can do to improve the economic performance of this business and exceed what we're putting on the table. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Caso - Wachovia. 
 Edward Caso - Wachovia:  Let me add my congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about Europe and what we're hearing as a growing acceptance of outsourcing and offshore, and how Accenture is positioned for that? Particularly with maybe facilities in Eastern Europe or maybe even Russia? 
 Steve Rohleder: I think you have to separate two trends. One is the UK from the Continental European trend. In the UK for the last three or four years we actually supported a number of UK clients through the India Center because of the English language thing. As the trend has moved now into Continental Europe, what we have seen is an expansion of our centers in Prague, for example, in what they call Central Europe, our Central European locations, because of the ability of those centers to focus on the multi-language capability. A lot of the work that is coming up now through Central Europe has migrated from just the simple application outsourcing to the back office, the human resource, the finance, the procurement, BPO functions.  As you move that, you have to be able to service those clients with multi-language capability. And I think two years ago when we made the decision to invest in Romania, to invest in Prague and other centers through Central Europe, we knew exactly what we're doing to support that trend, and we got ahead of it. We made the investment. We have the people in place now to support it. So I think we've got a strong network there, and we are going to be able to support the clients that want to move in that direction. 
 Edward Caso - Wachovia:  Given the European Union rules it is very easy for the people in the former Eastern Bloc countries to actually go and sort of be in the more Western European countries. Has that cut into your supply of potential workers in your Eastern European locations? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Actually, it is just the opposite. If you go to Prague and you look at how we have staffed the place, we have gone to the Western European countries, hired people that want to work in Prague, for example, on a three-year stint, and move them over to the center. You would be amazed at how interested people are in terms of moving to those kinds of centers. At least in our case, the migration has been just the opposite. 
 Edward Caso - Wachovia:  Last question. The term medium-term was used several times as far as the growth rate was concerned. What is the message you're trying to give there? How many years can you grow 9% to 12% local? Are there chances to accelerate that? Do you expect it to tail off? Can you put some meat to what medium-term means? 
 Pam Craig :  Yes, I think it is good to think of it in terms of two to three years. We have been using it the last couple three years, as far as I remember, as being our objective, so we're sticking with it for now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ridley - Bear Stearns. 
 David Ridley - Bear Stearns: Will the planned bill rate increases that you're doing cover your planned pay rate increases for this fiscal year, including any planned accrual of annual bonus? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Yes, they will. 
 David Ridley - Bear Stearns:  That is all in the guidance? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Yes. You might remember that we make sure that we keep our ability to recover in sync, just as a an operating philosophy of our company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Abhi Gami - Banc of America Securities. 
 Abhi Gami - Banc of America Securities:  A very good quarter. You mentioned earlier that the outsourcing duration was also down. You are not concerned about the booking trend. Can you quantify what the duration did year-over-year? Was it down more than the 4.5% or so that outsourcing bookings were down? 
 Steve Rohleder:  No. I would go back and look, but the average duration has been on a trend line over the last two years, as we have watched it. I think it is also a function of us just making sure that we're selecting projects that fit that profile. It is a combination both of the market and our selection, but I would say it is not in excess of 4.5%. 
 Abhi Gami - Banc of America Securities:  How about on the consulting side, are you seeing more multiyear type deals signed there in general on a year-over-year basis? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Yes, we are. Especially in the SI area where we're doing more and more global ERP rollouts. In our products and resources operating groups we have a substantial amount of large global ERP rollouts and those typically run two, three years. 
 Abhi Gami - Banc of America Securities: Another question on Asia Pacific. You mentioned six quarters now of double-digit growth plus. Are you properly sized in the Asia Pacific market, say Japan and Pacific Rim? Do you need to make, or are you planning to make any proactive investments to expand your footprint there? How do you feel your competitive position within that market now that things are ramping up? 
 Steve Rohleder:  I think we are extremely competitively positioned. Again, from my trip to Australia, our leadership in that country is very bullish on our ability to win both consulting and outsourcing work. We are seeing accelerated growth now in Singapore, which is becoming our third-largest hub, if you will, in Asia Pacific. The Japanese have moved very aggressively from what used to be just a consulting business now into both outsourcing in SI. We're planning some investments to move some leadership and some senior executives in to support that growth, but we're having no trouble at all attracting people on the ground to help us with the work. 
Operator: Your next question comes from George Price - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks very much for taking a couple of questions, and I will congratulate you as well. Pam, you mentioned 4% to 5% currency benefit looking into next quarter. Can you give us any thoughts just where currencies are now, if things sort of stay as is what that could look like on top of the 9% to 12%? 
 Pam Craig :  You can do the math as well I. We're going to give you our estimate for the next quarter or each quarter. That is really we think the best we ought to be doing at this point and then of course we guide in local currency. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: I was wondering if you had gone through that process yourselves. Looking at the revenue growth guidance that you have given, can you talk at all about the vertical, the contributions of the verticals to growth? For example, the financial services grew pretty significantly. One would think that it is likely to slow, for no other reason just tougher comps. What is the most likely do you think on a vertical basis to pick up the slack, and why? 
 Steve Rohleder:  I think we will see an acceleration of the growth in our communications and high-tech group. I think we will see continued strong growth in products and resources based on the companies and the profiles of the organizations and clients they are serving.  I think financial services will have strong growth. We put a prudent plan in place for them. In public service or government I think we will see some accelerated growth in that operating group, as well as because we're coming off a pretty slow year, if you will. So that gives you a little picture. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: I know with the August quarter end, it might have been a little bit later, you might not have seen it at all, but did you see any sort of pick up in deals, either consulting or outsourcing deals, slipping into either fiscal 1Q08 or maybe with larger outsourcing deals into the beginning of next year from the back half of this year? 
 Steve Rohleder:  I think if you stand back and look at it over a couple of years period of time, there is just a natural slipping. It is sort of like doesn't advantage you one way or another. Because you use what's slipped, and then that things you were counting on for that quarter drift into the following quarter. So we haven't seen an inordinate amount, it has been pretty steady. Frankly we have a pretty good sense for when the things are going to land, and we follow it like religion. And they pretty much land where we expect. So we haven't seen anything out of the ordinary. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  Last question. With respect to financial services in the U.S. and the UK, financial services in general, can you talk about how much of the growth in fiscal '07 was driven by consulting? Maybe in the context of the U.S. and the UK specifically since from a financial services prospective, they might be the most likely to see a little bit of moderation in fiscal '08? 
 Bill Green:  Of course we are on red alert for financial services, because it is all you read about and all you talk about. The management consulting business is described by our business runners as blistering in financial services. There is a lot more work on the high end. It is a very competitive industry on the low end. On the commodity services it is very, very competitive. Between individual captives, between some of the offshore players, it is a competitive space. Where people are investing in financial services, and if you look at the acceleration of our consulting business in financial services, that continues to be important.  The other thing that is an example of the driver is you know we had a domestic M&A merger kind of environment for the last decade, and now we're having a global merger environment. There's things like that the drive dramatic amounts of consulting business. Our job, frankly, is to be in the places where that stuff is happening. These companies that are doing this stuff are our clients on a global basis. Many of them are coming together in some way or another, and we're the guys that do that kind of work.  When we look at financial services in a very traditional way, there's a real tough end of the business at the low end. But there is still a lot of rich and important and high-value work at the high end, which is where we are focused. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus:  Are you seeing clients ask for more global delivery, now maybe more recently over the last few months, maybe a little bit more desire for cost focus, both in that vertical and just more broadly? Has the demand for offshore changed at all? 
 Bill Green: Let me make the distinction. The thing they are asking for, the thing they aspire to do is operate consistently and efficiently on a global basis. So when we see demand, what we are seeing it is, how do I operate efficiently on a global basis? In other words, leverage processes, technology, capability? It is part of a means to an end. It generates technology service demand, which is a natural thing would be performed in a non U.S. location, just to use an example.  But I think the important thing driving the demand is how do you operate consistently on a global basis? Because they're trying to be locally responsive in all these countries around the world, but globally efficient in terms of how they operate. When they look at their operations they see tremendous opportunity for cost improvement and speed improvement. That is what they ask us to help with. 
 Richard Clark:  Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Just hoping to get a few people or headcount metrics that I might have missed. Did you give your assumptions around overall wage inflation and headcount growth in fiscal '08? 
 Steve Rohleder:  No, we didn't. I will just tell you that the increases that we put through were slightly ahead of what we did last year. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  On the wage inflation front, so we should expect a similar rate in '08? 
 Steve Rohleder:  Correct. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Are you seeing any resistant overall on the hiring side? It seems like the sheer number of the growth of people is getting quite large at Accenture. 
 Steve Rohleder:  It is. I look every month, I look at our acceptance rates. I have seen no dip in the acceptance rates, which is a good indication frankly of how we're able to attract both experienced people and new young professionals starting at the bottom of our organization. So we're not having any trouble at all the attracting the number of recruits that we need. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Just two more quick questions. Margins in the outsourcing business, can you give us some read there on where we are on the margin curve in outsourcing, assuming that we are seeing some maturation of the portfolio? 
 Steve Rohleder: I don't think we break out margins. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Understood. 
 Steve Rohleder:  I don't think we ever have. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Just directionally. 
 Steve Rohleder: There's pockets for improvement and there's pockets of great performance in our outsourcing portfolio, and I am satisfied with where we are at right now. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan:  Last one on the government side in the U.S. What are you seeing in the end markets on the pipeline of the U.S. government? 
 Steve Rohleder:  We break it into state and federal. On the federal side we're still seeing strong opportunity within the pipeline. The challenge obviously will be how quickly they will close, and whether they will stick to the schedule with the election coming up. We've got that in the plan. Frankly it is factored into the sales that we have projected. On the state side we have been a little bit more conservative in terms of what we have gone after anyway. While the demand is there, we're just going to be more selective about what we chase. 
 Bill Green:  Let me just close it down. I appreciate everybody sticking with us here. If I stand back from it and I look at it, we had a really strong quarter and a great year. We're delighted with our performance. We have entered 2008 with confidence and a great deal of momentum. We are focused on executing our growth plans, further expanding our capabilities, strengthening our global franchise, and continuing to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. We continue to build a company that is nimble, durable and diverse and we operate it with discipline and with flexibility.  Finally, I want to thank the men and women of Accenture, who produce these excellent results for both our clients and our shareholders. Thank you very much for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate your support.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-06-28 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Richard Clarke - Managing Director of IR   Bill Green - Chairman & CEO   Pam Craig - CFO   Steve Rohleder - COO 
Analysts: Adam Frisch - UBS   Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein   Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.   Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs   Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley   Pat Burton - Citigroup   Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns   George Price - Stifel Nicolaus   Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan   Abhi Gami - Banc of America   Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clarke. Please go ahead, sir. 
Richard Clarke: Thank you, Abraham. Thank you, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Richard Clarke, Managing Director of Investor Relations.  With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pam Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.  Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results; Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet; and Steve will add some operational perspective; Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2007; then Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.  As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.  Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call.  During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP, as well as a new schedule that provides a summary of shares outstanding and market capitalization on the Investor Relations section of our website at Accenture.com.  So now, let me turn the call over to Bill. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Bill Green: Thank you Richard, and good afternoon everyone. We are just delighted that you could join us today as we discuss our third quarter financial results. We delivered another excellent quarter with solid performance and strong new business momentum. Our results reflect successful execution in helping our clients become high performance businesses and in driving value for our shareholders.  Here are some of the highlights from the quarter. We grew revenues 15% in U.S. dollars with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing. Our earnings performance of $0.54 was strong. We feel very good about the continued strength and momentum of our business and we’ve raised our outlook for EPS for the full fiscal year.  We delivered strong new bookings of $6.2 billion, the highest bookings in 13 quarters. I am particularly pleased that this represents the third consecutive quarter of record consulting bookings. Demand for our services is strong and it's growing.  Operating margin of 13.4% is inline with our expectations for the quarter and positions us to achieve operating margin expansion for the full fiscal year.  Our balance sheet remained strong and we generated tremendous free cash flow of $896 million. We grew our headcount by 19% recruiting top talent, while attrition was stable and utilization continues to be well above 80%.  With that, let me turn it over to Pam for details on the financials. 
Pam Craig: Thanks Bill and hello everyone. I am pleased to tell you more about our outstanding third quarter results. We showed strength across the board in revenues, earnings, bookings and cash flow. In short, our fundamentals remained strong and reflect the momentum in our business.  Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statements, balance sheet and cash flow. Net revenues for the third quarter were $5.1 billion, a year-over-year increase of 15% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency, and at the high-end of our previous outlook of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion.  Consulting revenues were $3.1 billion, an increase of 16% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency over the third quarter last year. Outsourcing revenues were $2.0 billion, an increase of 15% in U.S. dollar and 9% in local currency over the same period last year.  As we move down the income statement, I am going to provide comparisons to the third quarter last year on both a GAAP basis and on an adjusted basis. The adjusted basis excludes a $58 million benefit from a reduction and reorganization liabilities in the third quarter last year. Results on an adjusted basis were also included in today’s news release.  Gross margin was 31.7% compared with 33.0% in the third quarter last year. SG&A costs were $921 million or 18.1% of net revenues. This compares with $816 million or 18.5% of net revenues for the third quarter last year. This improvement was inline with what we expected as we continue our multiyear efforts to reduce SG&A costs as a percentage of net revenue.  GAAP operating income was $682 million, reflecting operating margin of 13.4%. This compares with $690 million or 15.7% operating margin on a GAAP basis, and $632 million or 14.3% operating margin on an adjusted basis in the third quarter last year.  It is important to put our margin results in perspective. As you know, our margin results can vary quarter-to-quarter based on a number of factors. This quarter, we had a tough compare due primarily to the recording of one-time payments in connection with a winding down of a contract in our products operating group in the retail industry last year. Absent that one-time item, when we take into account all that has happened in our business, including getting any test behind us we feel good about our margins.  Our underlying margin results were very solid, inline with our expectations, and allowed us to continue to accrue annual bonus and invest in our business.  The effective tax rate for Q3 was 33.3%. This rate is slightly lower than our previous forecast due to a shift in income between countries. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 33.2% and includes the $21 million benefit from a discrete item recorded in the second quarter this year. Before this item the recurring effective tax rate for fiscal 2007 is 34.3%.  GAAP income before minority interest was $473 million, compared with $499 million on a GAAP basis and $445 million on an adjusted basis in the third quarter last year. GAAP diluted EPS was $0.54 compared with $0.56 on a GAAP basis and $0.50 on an adjusted basis for third quarter last year.  Now, lets turn to our cash flow and some key parts of our balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $896 million resulting from operating cash flow of $978 million, less property and equipment additions of $82 million.  Our day’s services outstanding or DSO's were 36 days, reflecting our peoples continued focus on strong cash flow. Our total cash balance at May 31 was $3.09 billion compared with $3.07 billion at August 31st.  Cash combined with $352 million of fixed-income securities classified as investments on our balance sheet was $3.45 billion compared with $3.53 billion at August 31st. Total debt was $28 million compared with $52 million at August 31st. And our balance sheet metrics continue to be strong.  For the 12 months ended May 31st, our return on invested capital was 66%, our return on equity was 71% and our return on assets was 18%.  Before I turn things over to Steve, I'll comment on share repurchases. In the third quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 24.1 million shares for approximately $835 million. This included 16.9 million shares repurchased or redeemed at a discount and 7.2 million shares purchased at market. The average price of shares repurchased and redeemed in the quarter was $34.71 per share.  On a year-to-date basis through end of Q3, we repurchased or redeemed 57.9 million shares for approximately $1.9 billion at an average price of $32.96 per share. At May 31st, Accenture's total outstanding share repurchase authority was approximately $2 billion.  In terms of our public flow, using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation, which excludes all outstanding founder shares. Our public flow at the end of the quarter was approximately 65%. All in all, we had a strong quarter and are extremely proud of our results.  Now, Steve will give you some more detail on our operations. 
Steve Rohleder: Thank you, Pam. Hi everyone and thanks for joining us today. I am extremely pleased with our strong top and bottom-line results for the third quarter. The globalization trend I mentioned in Q2 continues, with clients growing their businesses through new market penetration, M&A activity and cross border consolidation.  This trend is driving expansion in all three of our dimensions of our business, our operating groups, geographies and growth platforms. Let me take you through some highlights starting with the operating groups.  Four of our five operating groups delivered record high revenues in U.S. dollars this quarter. Details of all five operating groups are in the news release, so I’ll just highlight a few here.  Our double-digit expansion in resources was driven by strong consulting growth across all geographic regions, especially in energy and utilities. Top-line growth in financial services was primarily driven by strong demand in capital markets across all geographic regions, and we also saw growth in banking and insurance in EMEA.  However, we continue to work to improve delivery and efficiencies, which affected operating income in the quarter. Products delivered strong revenue growth given the tough year-on-year comparison, Pam described earlier, which also affected operating income.  The revenue growth was driven by consulting services across all geographic regions, strong outsourcing growth in the Americas, and solid contributions from Consumer Goods & Services and Health & Life Sciences.  In terms of the geographic regions, in the Americas, revenues grew 7% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency driven by the United States and Brazil.  EMEA revenues increased 19% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency driven by strong results in Spain, The Netherlands, Italy and Germany.  Revenues in Asia Pacific grew 44% in U.S. dollars and 37% in local currency. This marks our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in both U.S. dollars and local currency in Asia Pacific.  Now turning to our growth platforms. The globalization trend I referred to earlier is having the greatest effect in management consulting, with strong demand across all our service lines, especially supply chain, CRM and human performance.  In outsourcing, we continue to see strong demand for both application outsourcing and BPO. Our work in the horizontal BPO space is being driven by finance, HR and customer contact work.  We also had very strong BPO growth in Asia Pacific where our work is centered on finance and accounting, learning and procurement. In systems integration and technology, we continue to see strong demand for both SI and technology consulting.  In SI, Global ERP work continues to be a strong driver of our growth. And the investment we're making in SOA is paying off as we're beginning to see an acceleration in this space in both Europe and the United States.  In technology consulting, we recently announced plans to invest $250 million for offering an asset development, alliance development and recruiting and training. As one of the few technology platform independent service providers, we're really well positioned to address the increasing need for these services in the market.  We continue to invest in the expansion of our global delivery network finishing the quarter with more than 63,000 people. This represents a 48% year-over-year increase in GDN headcount.  In addition to substantial growth in India, we had 20% year-over-year GDN headcount growth in both the Americas and EMEA and more than 50% growth in the Philippines. The geographic diversity of our network continues to be a major competitive advantage for us.  Finally, let me touch on a few operational metrics. Bookings in Q3 were very strong at $6.2 billion. Consulting bookings reached $3.5 billion, another quarterly record. Outsourcing bookings were $2.7 billion consistent with our targeted book-to-bill ratio. I'm pleased with the nature of our outsourcing bookings this quarter, as we continue to be selective about the opportunities we pursue.  In terms of pricing, we've seen some improvement and I believe there's additional upside opportunity in technology consulting, management consulting and specialty SI skills.  In SG&A, we achieved a 40 basis point improvement year-over-year and we’re on track to deliver solid improvement for the full fiscal year.  Turning to people management, we ended the quarter with more than 158,000 employees, an increase of 19% over last year and are on track to reach our target of 60,000 new hires for the full year. Utilization remained strong at 85% and attrition was 18%.  In closing, our performance this quarter is an extension of the solid results we delivered throughout the year. We're seeing strength in the market and I expect our business to continue on the positive growth trajectory we’ve established this year.  With that, let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook. 
Pam Craig: Thanks, Steve. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $5.0 billion. This range assumes a foreign exchange uplift of 3% to 4%.  Turning now to the full fiscal year 2007. We continue to target new bookings to be in the range of $22 billion to $24 billion. We continue to expect our consulting bookings to represent more than half of the total.  For revenue growth for the full fiscal year, we expect to be close to the top of the previously communicated range of 9% to 12% in local currency. We are raising our expected EPS for the full fiscal year to a range of $1.94 to $1.96. This reflects the continued strength in our business.  We expect operating margins for the full fiscal year to be at the low end of the previously communicated range of 12.6% to 13.1%, which represents a minimum 20 basis points expansion over last year's results on an adjusted basis.  Demand and market conditions continue to fuel strong growth and we are continuing to invest in our people and in the business.  In terms of cash flow, we are raising our operating cash flow outlook to be $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion with property and equipment additions remaining at $335 million. We now expect free cash flow in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion.  And finally, we now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 33% to 35%.  Next quarter, we will provide business outlook for the upcoming fiscal year. We currently see a continuation of revenue growth of 9% to 12% in local currency for fiscal '08, and we will provide you with our formal outlook for the full fiscal year, when we announce our fourth quarter results scheduled for the end of September.  With that, here is Bill to close before we take your questions. 
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam. We’re going to open it up for questions in a few minutes here, but I just wanted to take a moment and make a few points.  First: As I said, we are extremely pleased with our performance for the quarter and our consistently good results. We are delivering value for our clients and for our shareholders. We do this by operating our business in a smart way and by investing in critical assets we can leverage and in our people.  We have the unique worldwide operating model that is globally efficient, locally responsive and leverages our worldwide capabilities. We believe we will continue to expand our lead.  With that, lets take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we have a question from the line of Adam Frisch of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon guys. Got a whole lot to find forward here in the quarter, so another nice job and way to keep the momentum going. The only thing I wanted to ask you about was, I am sure, I'll come up with a couple more after this.  But on margins, it seems like given the strength in the business, especially in consulting you have a lot of flexibility in terms of how you want to allocate some of your profits and maybe some were expecting margins to be a little bit better, right mind with what we were thinking, but are you guys, given the release that you put out, I think, it was last week about the $250 million investment in consulting.  Are you guys taking advantage of what’s going on now in the marketplace to make sure you have the proper investments placed to keep the growth going into ’08 and hopefully into ’09 and after that? 
Bill Green: Yeah. Adam let me, I think Pam explained very well of margins situation I think we spent a lot of time on it and we have a very unique and specific understanding of it. When we stand back and look at that the decisions we made for this business I mean we had 1 million moving parts in here.  But at the end of the day, what we’ve done in technology consulting what we continued to do in the global delivery network, what we are doing in terms of building out assets and capabilities are based on the sort of next generation of solutions clients are going to look for is really serving us very well. We’ve got great traction with those and we have a great plan and program to continue to bring new products and services to market.  I think what’s important to me is we have the right balance about how we’re making judgments about those. We pick very well and specifically in terms of where we spend the money. And then at the bottom-line we continue to beyond the trajectory towards the operating margin targets that we had originally set for ourselves. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Good stuff and again not to really pick on it because if you want to look at EPS, you guys have raised your guidance every quarter. So again it’s not a pick there, its just more of a what’s going on.  Consulting obviously the market environment is great you guys put up another phenomenal quarter consisting with your checks, but obviously people are going to ask okay, what was this then the peak, is there going to be a follow-up after this quarter are we going have a, when is the next down tics. So I guess I would ask you which might seem like a weird question given that you just put up $3.5 billion in consulting bookings but any signs out there of a slow down? 
Bill Green: Well, Adam I know, I respect you for asking the question because I think it's an important one, and it's something that we look hard at all the time. Again, as I've mentioned over the past many quarters much of our business is driven by the confidence of CEOs to invest in their business.  And I just came back from China. I was in the Germany and France last week, and around the U.S. this week, and frankly I see a lot of confidence in the marketplace in terms of what people are doing with their business, and all that stuff serves us very well.  Additionally, and for over the last year we have put a lot more power behind our consulting business, in terms of the assets capabilities and attracting talent. So we feel pretty solid about the direction the business is going across the board, as we sort of read the tea leaves, the key things had influenced decisions in my mind continue to be the confidence of business were the need to compete.  And those things haven't gone away. I think they continue to get more and more extreme, and I think that will continue to service well on the consulting side of the business. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Great job guys. Thanks. 
Bill Green: Thanks. 
Pam Craig: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Yes. Hey, it's Rod Bourgeois here. I wanted to kind of inquire. I appreciate your giving the initial comments about the fiscal '08 revenue growth outlook. Are you now expecting that your consulting business growth will begin to exceed the growth in the outsourcing business as you move into fiscal '08, when you look at the bookings pattern, and actually what we are also seeing in the market it would seem like you could now see the revenue mix shift back towards consulting. Is that a likelihood in the outlook? 
Bill Green: We always believe we'll be a 50-50 a little sooner than we are. The reason, we are in this the consulting business has come roaring back. Frankly, we like the portfolios of the inbound business, better than we would have expected in all honesty, and I think it will continue as you know, with outsourcing it doesn't take, but two or three big deals to have an impact on the mix in any one quarter and even the across a year.  So, I think that the nature of the outsourcing business has been in the mid-sized deals, which serves us well in terms of their durability, but I think there still will be some quarters where outsourcing dominates just because of the nature of some of the transactions that can be out there.  I think the thing that's most important to us is we feel great about the mix right now, how it's unfolding, and more importantly we feel great about the ability to move our relationship from consulting through the development phases and into the outsourcing place. So, on balance, I think our mix that as you see now is going to be pretty consistent. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Let be me more specific, I guess with where I am trying to go, I mean with the evaluation of the stock here it's really important that you guys are raising your cash flow guidance. I mean, that's just spectacular to see the $300 million increase there, but as you look into '08 Pam, I think clearly your mix shift towards consulting is helping your free cash flow this year.  And so when I ask about consulting potentially continue into sort of actually having the ability to grow faster in fiscal '08 than outsourcing, it has implications for your free cash flow prospects. So, do you feel like consulting can exceed the growth of outsourcing as you move into next year? And then that continuing to be a tailwind in your free cash flow? 
Bill Green: Well I don’t, I mean we don’t that’s not in discussion that we have around here. We are delighted with the momentum of consulting. We are running hard to keep up with the demand.  And you know as all its one thing to sell and its another things to execute and the thing that’s important to us is to make sure and we have the capabilities to execute in the first class way and bring it to the bottom line.  So I think right now we will continue to see a lot of breeze in the consulting space, because there is lot of demand out there. And our opportunity is to make sure we have the right people to address the demand and make sure we choose wisely in terms of the profitability of the relationships that we perceive. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: All right and with all that falling to the bottom line here, can you guys get more aggressive with the share buybacks or a higher dividends given the strong free cash flow that you have? 
Pam Craig: Well, hi Rod. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Yeah. 
Pam Craig: We’re going to continue with our program of share buybacks through ‘09, as you know we still have the founder program that we were working through. And on the dividend yes we’ll be discussing with that with our board next months, so what we’ll plan to do next year. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay. Great. And then Steve just one quickie for you there, the growth in Asia is really impressive. I mean, is that our rate that can be sustained or is there some lumpiness to that growth rate here off late? 
Steve Rohleder: Well, its anchored in Japan and Australia so if that’s what you mean by lumpiness I guess I’d answer that way, but I would also tell you that we’re seeing demand in Southeast Asia and China on a smaller scale.  I do think we can sustain it as Bill, mentioned our big challenge is getting people to the jobs there, but demand is there. We got to be selective to make sure that we can meet the demand and basically deliver value to our clients, but the demand is defiantly there. I won’t predict whether we can sustain that rate or not. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay. Thank you guys. 
Steve Rohleder: Thanks Rod. 
Pam Craig: Thank you Rod. 
Operator: Next question is from line of Moshe Katri of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Yeah, thanks, congratulation for a very strong quarter. Looking at your global delivery network, I think you've provided a headcount. Can you break it down by India, the Philippine and then other? Maybe also you can talk about some the metric that we typically focus on. Maybe talk about attrition rates in India that was an area focus.  And then I think you have also have a specialized sales force that sell these kind of services into the offshore global delivery network. Have you change the headcount and that group as well, if you can talk a bit about that? 
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. Let me address the headcount. For India and I think we normally talk about India headcount, we crossed the 30,000 mark and we're well on the prediction to hit 35,000 for the fiscal year.  In terms of Philippines, I'd have to get the exact numbers Moshe, but I would tell you that by the end of the fiscal year the Philippines would be our third largest location within Accenture just in terms of headcount. At about probably roughly about 11000.  The sales force question is a good one, in fact this week I sat down with the guys and went through where we at in terms of our basic AOL offering. And they have increased the sales director slightly this year. That said, I think based on the readout that I receive the productivity of these guys has increased substantively this year. And I am very pleased with what we are doing in that area right now.  I am not sure it's one for one adding a sales director and growing as financially I think it’s the effectiveness and the efficiency of the sales directors that we have, and how they use our channel that is really going to drive the growth for us. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: And then can you comment a bit about the competitive landscape, is it helpful that your closest large competitor is being a bit more kind a discipline in terms of the types of services, they are focusing on? And then may be you can talk a bit about competitively the tier1 offshore vendors as well? 
Bill Green: Yeah, what I mean is this is Bill, I guess, I’ve just if you -- you really have to peel this thing back globally and yet to peel it back by the industry, so it’s really hard to generalize.  I think the thing that’s most important to us is, we feel good about our competitive position, and that starts with having differentiated products and services that deliver value.  The second things is we do see and Steve can comment on this more we do see better pricing power in the market than we’ve seen in quite sometime, and we do see you know still a lot of source opportunities in the market. So, to us those are the things that we start with. In the shootouts, the competitive shootouts, I think we hold our own and we win more than our share.  But we spend a lot of time in making sure that, that we are first and foremost to able to differentiate in terms of the products and services we bring in the value we are producing. That’s where some of our investments have gone over the past year. So we can put those things in the hands of our teams to take them to market. 
Steve Rohleder: And just on your tier1 question Moshe, quarter-on-quarter, there really hasn’t been much difference in terms of the deals where we’re competing against the tier1 India pure-plays, we’ve seen may be a slight uptake and the ERP area where we’re seeing them expand a little bit, but by and large it’s the same competition in the basic aerospace that we’ve seen. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. Nice quarter. 
Steve Rohleder: Thanks. 
Operator: Next question from the line of Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I want to ask this quick question just to go back to the other two comments. I think Steve you made about the both products and the financial services. I just want to make sure I understand the comment that you made related to the operating profit in fact of both of those segments?  And then I guess Pam if you could just sort of relate that to the other difference between the other range of 20 to 70 basis points on operating margin expansions that you had expected previously or that was those were two sources of the delta between the high end versus the low end of margin expansion for the year? 
Steve Rohleder: Yeah Julio let me start and I’ll let Pam, draft in behind. I wanted to just to your question on products and financial services both are different situations. Products as Pam, talked about had a tough compare with a one-time event in retail client in EMEA. Frankly, their business is still very strong and in spite of that they posted some freight results both top line and bottom line. When you take out that one time event.  Financial services is a bit of a different story because for the last three or four quarters. I’d been talking about our program to get the pipeline built up to generate demand and frankly to drive work at the top line.  We’ve experienced that top line growth. Now we have some work to do just make sure that we got the people, the tools and we’re delivering what we’ve said we were going to deliver and frankly that’s the delivery and as I mentioned and Pam, you may want to. 
Pam Craig: Would this go overall Julio, we were really pleased with the operating margin of 13.4% in fact well against their plan, the underlying margins were up from last year as you take out the one-time item and products that we talked about.  And so, it allowed us to accrue annual bonus and continue to invest in the business. And I think when you see that we are growing EPS by over 20% this year, and that will expand operating margin by at least 20 basis points, we are very comfortable with where we are. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then finally for the fiscal year '07, did you gave a projected share count that you expected for the full year? 
Pam Craig: We did not give it. But, we can get that plan. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great, thanks. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Julie Santoriello of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good afternoon. My question is on pricing. Steve, I know mentioned you are seeing some price increases. I am wondering if you are surprised, although you are not seeing an even stronger pricing. Just given the very strong demand environment and the high utilization.  And if you can comment on the competition and the consulting side as well? And if there anything that you are seeing different on the competition front, especially offshore? 
Steve Rohleder: No, I mean, first on the competition. As I was mentioned earlier there, in the offshore area there really isn't much difference other than slide uptake in ERP area.  On the pricing front, I think the key for us to continue to make progress here is to deliver the differentiated skills that we have to our clients.  And we put a specific program in place. We've now had it in place for two quarters. And we've expanded that this quarter into some specialty systems integration areas around some of the ERP vendor skills.  And frankly, just going to take time to have that work its way through the system, and to have the new contracts with the higher pricing replace, and what we've got in place with some of our master services agreements right now, so I am happy with the progress we are making, we're going to continue to focus on it and push the pricing given the utilization that we have. 
Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. Also on the government vertical, looked a little bit weak in terms revenue growth at least in local currency, can you give us an update there. I know there's been some issues with federal government spending? 
Steve Rohleder: Yeah. If I step back and look at the Government OG, large percentage of the work is centered in the United States, and large percentage of that is in the federal space and the slow down and the budget process, the continuing resolution and lot of people refer to frankly has slow down some of the decision making process that said, what we are saying is our clients are beginning to breakup into smaller pieces, the work that they want to extent for us. So I am not concerned it all about the volume we're dropping off, it's strictly a timing issue. 
Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just one more question, you mentioned you're beginning to see acceleration in SOA, can you put some sort of numbers or sizing around that, can you talk it all about, the number of engagements that you have in SOA, and also just from a big picture standpoint is the SOA work that you are doing and that you see coming is it going to be incremental to revenue or is it really just cannibalizing other piece of yours systems integration revenue? 
Bill Green: This is Bill. I'll speak to that for a minute. I think if you look at it for the near term and the medium term, it's incremental, and here is why; there is lots of going on sort of traditional stuff, but all the big enterprises have at least their toe in the water. Some of them are up to their knees in the SOA space. And these people build that out and as the science catches up and the durability and scalability and some of other things happen. People are going to continue to generate the next platform of solutions in that architecture.  I mean, frankly, I couldn’t even count the number of SOA engagements that we have going on around the world right now. They are vast in number but generally small in size and I think over the next 18 months, we are going to see a lot more big industrial strengths, solution delivery projects that leverage that architecture as the tools and technologies catch up and as people get more experience in their own shops with doing it.  I would tell you that, we’ve been infusing it into our workforce for just about two years now, almost on a weekly basis. So we feel very well positioned for that and we do believe very specifically and very sincerely that SOA is going to be a bona fide way that drives demand for new solutions in this industry. 
Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question in the line from Pat Burton of Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter as well. My question is for Pam and that relates to the 3% to 4% revenue growth from the weak dollar. Do you see that falling through into gross profitability as well or does that only just help the top line from an accounting perspective? 
Pam Craig: Well, it mostly helps the top line because most of the time you have the corresponding cost going against it. But it does contribute a bit to gross margin as well. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Okay. And then, a follow up on the new free cash flow range within the 19 to 21, not to be difficult but with the quarter to go, what could be the puts and takes within that range, where it could come in at the low end or the high end? Thanks. 
Pam Craig: Pat, I mean it’s more just see how accrued in stuff play out and taxes and stuff like that. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Andrew Steinerman of Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Hi, it’s Andrew Steinerman of Bear Stearns. When you look at the gross margin in the quarter, putting aside the U.K. cancellation fee from a year ago, Pam could you comment like you did last quarter on how you viewed the kind of the lower gross margin year-over-year? 
Pam Craig: Yes. Hi, Andrew. Well first of all again the 13.4%, seasonally our third quarter is typically very strong as it was this year. And when we took out the one-time item, if you look at the underlying margins we did see improvement this year quarter-over-quarter. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: And what drove their improvement year-over-year? 
Pam Craig: I am not going to share that Andrew but it definitely was going in the right direction. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Right. So utilization with the same year-over-year, my only question is, were bill rate increase is enough to offset wage increases? 
Pam Craig: Yes, we’ve been tracking well with the getting the price increases for the wage increases this week. Most of those go in September, as you know, and so we’ve pretty much through that at this point. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Super. Thanks for your help. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of George Price of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, very much. Can you hear me? 
Pam Craig: Yes. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. First question, I wonder if we can get a little bit more commentary around the delivering efficiencies that you mentioned, I think specifically in EMEA? What are those related to? And are any related to relatively recent wins like, you know, we were particularly on the HR side, can you give us a little more color on that? 
Steve Rohleder: No. George, you know frankly I don't want to discuss individual contracts on the call. But the delivery inefficiencies were focused in financial services as an operating group. So, and frankly I feel like we identified them early and we're taking care of them. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Second question here for fiscal '08, the preliminary revenue outlook realized that there is more to follow, but you've said in the past that you see a good deal of work side potential operating margins as you continue to focus on SG&A. Where do we stand in that process overtime? Can we assume that that continues to be the case as we look in the fiscal '08? 
Pam Craig: Yeah, that will all go into the planning mix, right? We'll be looking for continued leverage in SG&A. We'll look for continued pricing power, continued leverage of the global delivery network. So those are all the kinds of things that will go into the mix of profitable growth. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Last question, Pam if the dollar stayed flat out through the rest of, for the rest of fiscal '08. What would FX due for next year? 
Pam Craig: We haven't projected that yet. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. 
Pam Craig: As you know we see that revenues is growing 9% to 12% in local currency and that's the point we're at. 
George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Pam Craig: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Question on the outsourcing portfolio. How would you describe, I guess the risk profile of the contract in aggregate today, relative to history? And I am just trying to gauge the risk of problem contracts emerging, you feel bored to us but just wanted to confirm? 
Steve Rohleder: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, this is Steve, yeah I think last quarter, I talked about the relative size of the contracts coming down, and while that was happening our average yield is still consistent and that holds for this quarter as well. Frankly as clients' breakup, work into smaller pieces that does have an impact on the risk, I think overall it lowers risk of the portfolio and I think that’s where we're at right now. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And then you spoke little bit about the pipeline; can you just elaborate a little bit? Are there large chunky deals on the horizon in outsourcing? 
Steve Rohleder: No, I mean I think we've got a pipeline that can support the growth and support the book-to-bill ratio that we've targeted for the fiscal year. It's hard to say whether I don't know, well, how you characterize chunky? We do have some large deals. We have a number of smaller deals too. Most of our deals are between $100 million and $300 million though. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Got you. And then did I hear correctly that the GDN headcount growth is up 48% in the quarter? 
Steve Rohleder: Yes. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: The 48% is revenue growth still tracking within the range of the headcount growth? 
Steve Rohleder: Yes. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Terrific. And then just a small maybe for Pam, I guess what droves the spike in the other expenses line that was below EBIT? I think it was $16 million and also the gain on investment, what exactly with that? Thank you. 
Pam Craig: We had a small investment that way back when we had a venture portfolio many years ago and we have just a tiny bit left from that and we sold and had a gain on it of about $10 million. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And then the other income? 
Pam Craig: The other income/expenses is mostly just interest in foreign exchange. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And it look like it’s spiked up a little bit sequentially and year-on-year? 
Pam Craig: Yes. By about $6 million. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So nothing else as unusual. 
Pam Craig: No. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Abhi Gami of Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Abhi Gami - Banc of America: Hi, thanks. Lets drive down a little bit deeper on the Asia Pacific growth. Is this growth coming primarily from the local customers or from the local operations of your global clients? 
Bill Green: More the former than the later Abhi Gami, I think the again, if you look at the concentration its primarily in Japan and Australia and I would tell you that the operating groups that are experiencing most of the growth are communications in hi-tech government and financial services, but primarily from local companies in those countries. 
Abhi Gami - Banc of America: Thanks Bill. And you know Japan I think you’ve mentioned before Japan has been source of strength. Has something changed in the client environment or has something changed in the way Accenture is pursuing the Japanese market? 
Bill Green: No, I think we have seen a shift over the last two to three quarters and more of an emphasis on business process outsourcing and outsourcing in general, that’s where the strong demand is both in the pipeline and what we’ve experienced in the last few quarters. So I believe there has been a shift to more outsourcing in that region. 
Abhi Gami - Banc of America: And final question is Accenture investing ahead of that growth in the Asia Pacific region or are you investing along with the kind of demand you’re seeing? 
Bill Green: Well this is Bill, I mean the scenario that I look after and what we call it is positively discriminating towards the business over there. And so we’re very careful not to get too far out of head of the growth, but frankly the growth has been there, the investments have been there, the people are coming through the pipeline that are just terrific.  Next generation leaders that are going to define the future of Accenture there so, we do positively discriminate towards Asia to make sure they have the talent and the offerings and the resources as they need to take advantage of the market there. 
Abhi Gami - Banc of America: Thank you very much. 
Bill Green: Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: And your last question is from the line of the Elizabeth Buckley of Arete Research. Please go ahead. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: Yes, good afternoon. Question on the outsourcing area, looking at the decline in bookings that we saw over the quarter, you mentioned greater sale activity as one of the explanations, in what parts of the market are you seeing competition are intensified? 
Bill Green: Well, I think the competition is there in all segments. In application outsourcing, all segments of the BPO business, the horizontal BPO business I mentioned and into a certain extend in the verticals, but more in the horizontal BPOs.  We are being selective frankly, and it’s in a few of the horizontal BPOs where we don’t want to get demand ahead of what we can supply and what we can deliver Elizabeth. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: And just, could you give us a sense of what percentages of our outsourcing revenues are of BPO today? 
Bill Green: I don’t believe, we report separate segments that way. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: And you can’t get this, just a general feel for the relative strength of the BPO in the mix? 
Bill Green: Well, I’d rather not. We look at outsourcing as a combination and by the way it’s very difficult to breakout some of the overlapping BPO segments anyway. So, I’d rather not. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: And I guess, I meant looking at the decline and could we also read into this just a change in management’s focus given the better opportunities and demand that you are seeing on the consulting side? 
Bill Green: I don’t thing its change. I do think it’s a combination of being selective and it’s also a combination of the timing of the opportunities and when they close. Quarter-on-quarter its difficult to predict a steady state of bookings, because one big deal can move into another quarter and really skew the overall results.  So, I would say overall I am still very happy with what we’ve got in the pipeline. Frankly, some of the things have slipped into other quarters. We’ve closed some in Q3. So the quarter-on-quarter compare isn’t as important to me as where our pipeline is and the profile of the opportunities that we are chasing. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: Okay. Thanks. 
Bill Green: Thanks. 
Bill Green: This is Bill, if I could just take a minute to wrap up. First, as you have heard from all of us, we are delighted with the momentum in our business and the way the year is progressing. We remain focused on profitable growth by addressing the many opportunities in the market place in meeting the strong demand for our services.  We believe we have a strong market differentiator and our ability to serve clients from idea, through design, implementation and operation to do it globally and across every industry. We continue to have the right balance of driving shareholder value for today and investing in our business for the tomorrow.  And most importantly, we have great people at Accenture. And thanks to them, we are producing excellent results for our clients and for our shareholders. Thank you for joining the call today and for your continued support at Accenture. 
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 9:45 pm today until July 12, 2007 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 876610. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Again those numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and 1320-365-3844 with the replay and access code of 876610. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-03-28 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Richard Clark - Managing Director IR   Bill Green - Chairman, CEO   Pam Craig - CFO   Stephen Rohleder - COO 
Analysts: Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley   Jason Kupferberg - UBS   Bryan Keane - Prudential   Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein   Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs   Pat Burton - Citigroup   George Price - Stifel Nicolaus   Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns   Ed Caso - Wachovia Securities   Brandt Sakakeeny – Deutsche Bank   Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan   Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research 
Operator: Welcome to Accenture's second quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Managing Director of Investor Relations, Richard Clark. Please go ahead, sir. 
 Richard Clark :  Thank you, operator and thank you, everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pam Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.  We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet. Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2007. Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.  As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.  Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call.  During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at Accenture.com.  So now, let me turn the call over to Bill. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
 Bill Green: Thank you, Richard and good afternoon, everyone. We are delighted that you could join us today. As you've seen, we've had another outstanding quarter. Our performance clearly reflects the strong fundamentals of our business and the continued momentum in executing our strategy. The market for Accenture services continues to be robust, and we do not see any uncertainty from our clients who are investing to compete.  Let me just touch on some of the highlights for the quarter. First, we grew revenues across every dimension of our business. Overall revenues increased 16% with double-digit growth in both consulting and outsourcing. Our consulting business continues to be on fire, and I am particularly pleased with the important new clients that have engaged Accenture.  We significantly increased operating income. We delivered outstanding earnings growth, increasing EPS by 27% over the prior year's adjusted results. Our balance sheet remains strong. New bookings were $5.3 billion, which included a record $3.1 billion in consulting, further demonstrating the robust demand for our services.  We had a 2 percentage point decline in attrition from the first quarter, and utilization hit a new all-time high. We continue to invest in our people, and now have more than 152,000 men and women around the globe. Our focus is on growing our workforce by recruiting the best and the brightest. I am very proud of the people of Accenture, who are responsible for our outstanding performance.  Now let me hand it over to Pam, to provide more detail on our financial results in the quarter. 
 Pam Craig: Thanks, Bill and hello, everyone. I'm pleased to tell you more about our outstanding second quarter results. We had double-digit revenue growth, strong earnings and solid bookings, including record consulting bookings. In short, our fundamentals remain strong, and reflect the momentum of our business.  Let me take you through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Net revenues for the second quarter were $4.75 billion, a year-over-year increase of 16% in US dollars, and 10% in local currency, and at the high end of our previous outlook of $4.6 billion to $4.8 billion.  Consulting revenues were $2.83 billion, an increase of 15% in US dollars, and 9% in local currency over the second quarter last year. Outsourcing revenues were a record high $1.92 billion, an increase of 17% in US dollars, and 12% in local currency over the same period last year.  As we move down the income statement, I'm going to provide comparisons to the second quarter last year on both a GAAP basis and on an adjusted basis. By adjusted, I mean excluding the net impact of the NHS Contract Loss Provision in the second quarter last year, and also excluding the benefit from a reduction in reorganization liabilities in that quarter. We believe that adjusting for these items provides an additional meaningful comparison between periods.  Gross margin was 29.6% compared to 21.2% on a GAAP basis and 30.2% on an adjusted basis in the second quarter last year. SG&A costs were $839 million or 17.7% of net revenues. This compares with $739 million or 18.0% of net revenues on a GAAP basis, and $767 million or 18.7% of net revenues on an adjusted basis for the second quarter last year.  GAAP operating income was $559 million, reflecting operating margin of 11.8%. This compares with $137 million or a 3.3% operating margin on a GAAP basis, and $466 million or 11.4% operating margin on an adjusted basis. This represents a 40 basis point improvement in operating margin on an adjusted basis. There are several key factors reflected here:  First, our strong results in the quarter allowed us to again accrue annual bonus. Last year at this time, we had no annual bonus accrued.  Second, we were also able to make targeted, market-driven compensation adjustments for specific skill sets in certain geographies.  Third, we continued to focus on driving down SG&A costs as a percentage of net revenues.  We are pleased that we were able to grow operating income and expand operating margins, and make these investments in our people and capabilities.  The annual effective tax rate decreased from 36.7% to 34.9% in Q2. This was driven by changes in the geographic mix of income and final determinations of prior year tax liabilities. In addition, there was a $21 million discrete tax item related to a reduction in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. This resulted in a Q2 2007 effective tax rate of 29.4%.  GAAP income before minority interest was $413 million compared with $104 million in the second quarter last year. GAAP diluted EPS was $0.47 compared with $0.11 on a GAAP basis and $0.37 on an adjusted basis. Our EPS of $0.47 in the second quarter this year included a $0.02 benefit from the non-recurring tax item I just mentioned.  Now, let's turn to our cash flow and some key parts of our balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $634 million, resulting from operating cash flow of $710 million less property and equipment additions of $76 million. In conjunction with completing the transition of the NHS contract, we made the final payment due to the NHS as scheduled. Our DSOs were 35 days, a record low. This reflects the continuing strong focus on cash flow by the people of Accenture.  Our total cash balance at February 28 was $2.96 billion, compared with $3.07 billion at August 31. Cash combined with $267 million of fixed income securities classified as investments on our balance sheet was $3.23 billion compared with 3.53 billion at August 31. Total debt was $29 million, compared with $52 million at August 31.  Our balance sheet metrics continued to be strong. For the 12 months ended February 28th, our return on invested capital was 74%. Our return on equity was 82% and our return on assets was 21%.  Before I turn things over to Steve, I'll comment briefly on share repurchases. In the second quarter, we repurchased or redeemed 9.4 million shares for a total of approximately $348 million. As previously announced, our board of directors recently approved $1.5 billion in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture's total outstanding share repurchase authority to approximately $2.6 billion.  As you know, we recently launched a discounted SCA tender offer to purchase or redeem up to 19.7 million SCA shares at a price range of $30.50 to $33 per share. Our board approved an additional $650 million for use solely in connection with this discounted tender offer which is scheduled to close next week. As expected, the interest in the discounted tender offer is coming primarily from our former senior executives who hold shares that are restricted until 2009.  All in all, we had a strong quarter, and are extremely proud of our results. Now Steve will give you some more detail on our operations. 
 Stephen Rohleder:  Thank you, Pam. Hello, everyone and thanks for joining us today. Our Q2 results are a continuation of the strong performance we've seen during the last six quarters. Let me take you through the highlights we're seeing across the three dimensions of our business: our growth platforms, our operating groups and our geographies.  There are two major trends driving demand across all three of our growth platforms. First, our clients are focused on initiatives that are driving global business expansion, and secondly, they're interested in implementing operational efficiencies to reduce costs.  The global business expansion trend is driving growth in management consulting where we're seeing strong demand for enterprise performance management, supply chain strategy and workforce transformation services. In fact, we plan to significantly expand our management consulting capabilities. We currently have 13,000 people in management consulting, and expect to nearly double the size of this workforce over the next three years. Some of this growth will come from cost-competitive locations, with highly-skilled workforces, including India. For instance, we plan to expand our analytic center in Delhi, which provides our global client base with access to a variety of specialized consulting skills.  In systems integration and technology, the CIO agenda continues to drive demand for our services. This increased client demand in areas like IT security, data center consolidation and application optimization is creating a huge opportunity for our technology consulting practice. With thousands of specialized, highly-skilled technology experts focused on the CIO agenda, we're positioned as the go-to, independent technology advisor to CIOs and we plan to grow this area significantly over the next few years.  Our global delivery network is another key driver of growth in systems integration and technology. We now have 58,000 people in our network, with 44 delivery centers in 30 cities. I recently had an opportunity to visit several of our offices in India, including in Chennai, where we announced a major expansion of our operations. In the second quarter, we also grew our presence in the Philippines, to 11,000 people and we opened our second delivery center in the Czech Republic.  In outsourcing, the trend toward operational efficiency is driving demand for our services and our global presence continues to be a competitive advantage. In fact, just yesterday, a leading industry analyst mentioned Accenture in their report on application outsourcing, touting our global reach and strength in working across geographic boundaries. They also cited our broad range of application outsourcing capabilities and identified us as the best provider for large, complex projects.  In our operating groups, the headline is clearly the double-digit growth in financial services, products and resources. Financial services growth was driven by banking and insurance, both of which had growth in CRM and asset-based projects. Products delivered strong growth in both consulting and outsourcing with outsourcing growth driven by BPO work in finance and accounting, HR and learning. In resources, we saw strong demand for SI work in both energy and natural resources with groundbreaking work in the refining space.  Before I leave the operating groups, let me comment on NHS and the State of Texas. At NHS, we completed the transfer and related activities in the second quarter for less than the previous estimate and no material obligations remain.  Regarding the State of Texas, I've been directly involved in the discussions. We believe the resolution is in the best interest of the State of Texas, Accenture and our shareholders and we don't expect the winding down of the contract to have any material impact on our financial performance going forward.  Turning to our geographic regions, we saw strong double-digit growth in both EMEA and Asia Pacific. In EMEA, we are very pleased with the continued expansion we're seeing in the UK. In Asia Pacific, our growth was driven by strong results in both Australia and Japan.  Now, let me touch on a few operational metrics. Our bookings in Q2 were $5.3 billion, with outsourcing bookings of $2.25 billion, and record consulting bookings of $3.1 billion. Our consulting book-to-bill ratio was extremely strong at 1.1. In outsourcing, we're seeing a shift in the marketplace towards shorter-duration contracts. While this is affecting our book-to-bill norm, it's not affecting our revenue growth prospects, as our average revenue per contract year is steady, and our renewal rate is high.  In terms of pricing, we're continuing to pursue pricing increases in our highest-demand areas like management consulting, technology consulting and specialty skills and SI.  Moving to people management, we ended Q2 with more than 152,000 employees and revised our hiring targets upward to more than 60,000 people for FY07. Attrition declined to 17% in the second quarter, down from 19% in Q1 and utilization was exceptionally high at 86%. The progress we've made in SG&A reflects this higher utilization, as well as lower facilities and technology costs and continuing efforts to use lower-cost locations to support our corporate functions.  In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our Q2 results. Our pipeline shows market momentum and we're looking ahead with confidence in our business.  Now, let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook. 
 Pam Craig:  Thanks, Steve. First, for the third quarter we expect revenues to be in the range of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion. This range assumes a foreign exchange uplift of 3% to 4%. Turning now to the full fiscal year, we continue to target new bookings to be in the range of $22 billion to $24 billion. Based on our experience to date, we expect consulting bookings to represent more than half of the total. As you know, outsourcing new bookings can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and, as Steve said, we are contracting more work in shorter duration. That said, the outsourcing pipeline is strong.  For revenue growth for the full fiscal year, we now expect to be at the high end of the range of 9% to 12% in local currency. We are raising our expected EPS for the full fiscal year to a range of $1.88 to $1.93. This is $0.08 higher than our previous outlook, reflecting the $0.02 benefit from the one-time tax item I mentioned earlier and the improved outlook for our overall performance.  We continue to expect operating margin for the full fiscal year to be in the range of 12.6% to 13.1% which represents an expansion of 20 to 70 basis points on an adjusted basis. At this point in time, we believe it is likely that we will not be at the top end of the range. As demand and market conditions are fueling strong growth, we need to invest in our people and the business.  In terms of cash flow, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $1.95 billion to $2.15 billion and property and equipment additions to be $335 million. We now expect free cash flow to be at the high end of our previously communicated range of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. Finally, we now expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% to 36%.  In summary, our second quarter results reflect our broad based and robust business and clearly show momentum for continued growth and profitability. So here is Bill to close before we take your questions. Thanks. 
 Bill Green:  Thank you, Pam. Before we take your questions, just let me recap briefly. We had a really strong quarter growing revenues in every dimension of our business and we're seeing strong demand for our services around the world. There's a reason for this. It's because we continue to expand and enhance the capabilities that differentiate Accenture in the marketplace and we continue to attract top professionals in the business. This allows us to serve our clients in a first-class way, to anticipate their future needs and to attract new clients to the firm.  As I told you last quarter, one of the keys to differentiation is specialization. Across the board, we have the scale, the breadth and the depth to specialize and to further differentiate ourselves in the marketplace.  With that, now let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley. 
 Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Pam, could touch on the SG&A margins in the quarter? Clearly a nice improvement year over year and it did pick up sequentially by about 50 basis points. I realized you said that last quarter was not going to be sustainable at those especially low levels. Could you talk about some of the expenses that kicked in this quarter? 
 Pam Craig: In SG&A last quarter, it was about 17% and this quarter, it was 17.7%. Again, we are clearly in the range of what we were looking for this year, Julie. We're down 100 basis points on an adjusted basis. This is right in the sweet spot of where we had hoped to be at this point with SG&A. So there's really nothing that isn't happening. We're executing our SG&A programs very well. Last quarter I think we just had perhaps more in cost of services. 
 Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: You also mentioned in your opening remarks about comp adjustments for some specialized skills. Can you go into a little bit more detail on what those skills might be, and what kind of inflation you may be seeing there? 
 Pam Craig: We had some targeted comp adjustments for some management consulting skills and some hot skills in the SI area in different geographies around the world. 
 Julie Santoriello - Morgan Stanley: Lastly, can you just talk about the impact to the top line growth from foreign exchange in the quarter? 
 Pam Craig:  Yes. Well, as you can see, it was 6%. We had thought it would be about 5% so we had a point uplift beyond that. And for next quarter, we're looking at 3% to 4%. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg - UBS. 
 Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Bill, you made it very clear in your opening remarks that you guys continue to see really robust demand in consulting, despite what might be going on in the macro economy or the stock market or the geopolitical environment. Can you just walk us through where you stand from a visibility standpoint going forward on the consulting business now versus where you might have been a couple of quarters ago? 
 Bill Green: On balance, the thing I always look at is the confidence of CEOs to invest in their business. I was just at several gatherings of CEOs both in the United States and Europe. People continue to make decisions about investing in their business to compete on the global stage and to compete globally. I think we're operating in a space where people are just used to some of the external factors, geopolitical factors, economic twists and turns and things like that and people are playing a little longer-term game.  So if you look at the nature of the opportunities we get, the nature of what's in the pipeline, it is people stepping up to do small, strategic things as well as very large transformational programs that will replatform their entire companies. We haven't seen any downturn or any drop-off in that kind of activity. 
 Jason Kupferberg - UBS:  That's good news for the space. Steve, could you maybe give us an update on the grow America program? I know the Americas lag some of the other regions a little bit this quarter. Things can obviously bounce around in any given period, but any new insights there would be great. 
 Bill Green:  Yes. As you correctly point out, we kind of bounced around. I think last year was a tough comp for us. As I look at the pipeline for the US and I look at each one of our operating units that operate there, with the exception of communications and high tech and specifically in the communications area, all of the others have very strong pipelines in both consulting and outsourcing. Frankly, I expect that the US is going to continue to grow at the rates that we've experienced over the last five or six quarters. 
 Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Finally, any deeper color in Europe? Any soft spots that you would highlight or particularly hot areas as we go through the balance of fiscal '07? 
 Bill Green: I'd focus on the strength of the UK, obviously in my speaking points I've talked about it, but we also saw real strong growth in France and Germany. I think Spain, if you look at one area that we're focusing on in terms of the growth and the people agenda, that's high on the agenda right now. Other than that, our EMEA region is just going gangbusters. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Keane - Prudential. 
 Bryan Keane - Prudential: Good afternoon. You guys expect local currency revenues to be at the high end of the range, 9 to 12. This quarter, I think you guys did 10 so you expect to pick-up, if I'm reading this correctly, in the second half of '07. I just wanted to make sure I know where that pickup is coming from. Where's the strength you're seeing that'll drive that higher organic growth? 
 Pam Craig:  Bryan, we're just trying to recognize that the fourth quarter will have a good amount of revenue growth because of the reversal of revenue that we took in the fourth quarter of last year for the NHS. So that's the primary reason. 
 Bryan Keane - Prudential: Then the $0.08 extra in earnings that's taken up the guidance, is that mostly just due to the tax rate benefit this quarter? 
 Pam Craig:  Well, the tax rate is part of it but I mean when you think about it, with revenues up and margins up, it's all part of the mix. But yes, the tax rate is part of it. 
 Bryan Keane - Prudential: Steve, just on the Texas contract, I know it's winding down and the results won't be material, but will there be any writedown that we should expect in the next couple quarters due to that contract? Or will it all be in operating and we won't see any major one-time event? 
 Stephen Rohleder:  Well, I don't want to comment on it because we're still in discussions so I really can't answer your question, just because of where we're at in it right now. 
 Pam Craig: We don't expect a material financial impact going forward, Bryan. 
Operator:  Your next question will be from Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: I wanted to press a little harder on the tax rate effect for the year. Does the 34% to 36% tax rate guidance for the year include the one-time $21 million benefit in the February quarter? 
 Pam Craig:  No. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: So it excludes that. So how much of the $0.08 of upward guidance for the year is coming from tax rate? Is it $0.05 of the $0.08? 
 Pam Craig: Well, I'm not going to give you that exactly because when you think about it, it all goes into the formula of how we get to our margins and delivering results. So I think that clearly, the improvement down to 34.9% is contributing towards that. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Let me turn to pricing. It appeared over the last couple of quarters that your pricing improvement was offsetting the annual salary hikes that you gave at the beginning of your fiscal year. Is that trend continuing, where pricing power is offsetting the impact of your annual salary hike, or are you starting to get to a point where pricing can contribute to margin expansion? 
 Bill Green:  I think it's a little bit of both, Rod. The increases that we put through that Pam commented on, we were very diligent and planned out price increases to correspond to those salary increases. So our ability to push through price increases is expanding, as I said, into some other areas of management consulting and into some other areas of systems integration. Before, I think in Q1, I talked about the fact that we were focused on strategy and supply-chain primarily in the management consulting area. We've now expanded that across-the-board in management consulting.  In technology consulting, we're continuing to press for price increases. And in SI, we're focusing more on broader specialized skills. So SAP, Oracle skills, and now SOA skills as well, we've added to that list. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Great. You issued a release last week saying that you might nearly double your management consulting staff over the next three years. I'm assuming that you will do that as demand dictates; you're not going to hire those people in advance of demand and that it's just that you're seeing such a strong pipeline for the management consulting unit that you're heading down the path of hiring those capabilities.  Is that an accurate interpretation of what was behind that release? 
 Bill Green:  Yes. We don't get the supply out too far ahead of demand. I think people know us pretty well. But if you look at the rate at which we're busy, and you look at the nature of the consulting bookings and you look at the nature of the pipelines and the inbound work and what Steve described that we were doing in India in terms of adding an entire new consulting capability to support our global practice, there's just a ton going on in this space.  We're going to always be thoughtful about making sure we have the demand for the supply. But right now, we have dramatically more demand than we have supply and so we have a very specific focus that Mark Foster is leading on continuing to strengthen that growth platform. So we have all three of our growth platforms firing on all cylinders. That's what we're trying to get to. 
 Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein:  Sounds great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question will be from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, guys. I wanted to check real quickly on a couple of operating unit level questions. First, on the communications and high tech sector, when can we expect that to bounce back and what's driving some of the lagging performance on that group, first of all? 
 Stephen Rohleder:  Well, I think there's been some consolidation of the industry, specifically in the US, Julio that's affecting some of the results there. We've got a focused program not only in consulting, but in outsourcing for the communications guys and they're working that very diligently. So I'm not going to predict a timeframe, but I think we're on the case.  I would also tell you that the EHT piece of communications and high tech is really growing very nicely. We're seeing strong demand, both in outsourcing and consulting on that side of the operating unit, as well. I expect that we'll move forward in a positive way there. We've got some programs underway to help juice the growth. 
 Bill Green: Let me add and maybe it's my heritage talking, since I know something about CHT. But frankly, when we look at that business, obviously in North America, there's been a lot of restructuring going on. The thing that I'm pumped about in North America is the practice has really started to shift to focus on the cable, on the satellite guys and on the digital content, broadly. I think the business in North America has gone through some amount of a transformation of sorts. But we feel good about the business.  I don't know how long it takes to turn. There are a lot of big numbers there that get moved around. But at the end of the day, the activity is strong. We've got the talent on the ground and in terms of the new space that we're working on in the digital content area, the media area, cable and other providers, we're frankly excited about where the business is going to go. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just to make sure I understand it, the lagging performance right now, is it a function of clients sitting on their hands, trying to figure out how to integrate, how to rationalize, how to drive the architecture that they want to drive? Meaning that they're not really making the decisions and so you have the work that you have in the pipeline, and there are other areas that are obviously working. Or is it more that they're just kind of pushing things out? I'm just trying to get a sense for how this is. 
 Stephen Rohleder:  Yes. To me, it's all about rationalizing. It's about every three or four years, the industry takes a breather. They think through where they're going to make the investments, what's strategic, what are the regulatory environments. Obviously, we've had a lot of consolidation in the industry so all of that is being digested.  But in terms of putting toes and feet in the water on next-generation things and new things, these companies are continuing to invest and we're continuing to work with them on the next iteration of what CHD is all about. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Steve, on the government margins what is driving that uptick in government margins? I think it was up from 4.5% to something like 14% or so. 
 Pam Craig:  I'll take that one, Julio. Government this quarter had very strong contract margins. They also had very effective cost management which they had planned for, to help cover the remaining NHS losses. So it was just an outstanding performance by that group. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: No benefits from Texas, or reversals from NHS or anything like that? 
 Pam Craig:  We don't comment specifically on clients. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  But it was all operating? It wasn't one-time? 
 Pam Craig:  Correct. It was all operating. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And then just finally, Pam when you said on your comments about being at the low end of the margin guidance, were you referring to the 12.6 to 13.1 or the 20-70 basis points? 
 Pam Craig:  Well, they're the same thing. 
 Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  I'm sorry. I see what you're saying. Got it. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question will be from Pat Burton - Citigroup. 
 Pat Burton - Citigroup: Within the government business then, there were no reversals on any contracts without getting into specifics? 
 Pam Craig:  There were no one-time type of things. There was, I think, normal good contract management across the portfolio. 
 Pat Burton - Citigroup: On the earlier comments on SG&A, would you expect them, on a year-over-year basis, to continue to trend down? Or at some point, do you get to as efficient as you can be there? 
 Pam Craig:  Well, at some point we'll probably get to as efficient, but we're not there yet. We're continuing in our multi-year program to drive it down, year-over-year. 
 Stephen Rohleder:  We're out ahead of the multi-year program. Sooner or later, we'll hit the spot. But I'm frankly taking mental possession of some of this, and we're delighted with the outcome we're getting. 
 Pat Burton - Citigroup: Bill, is the spot moving lower and lower the more you get into it? 
 Bill Green:  No, no. When you look at our five-year plan, we just think in terms of our competitive profile of where we need to be. We have a plan to continue to work away at that and we set out to execute it under Steve's leadership. We just happen to be outperforming where we thought we'd be, at this point in time. 
Operator:  And your next question will be from the line of George Price - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: First, on the margins. When you indicated not at the high end of the range, investments in the business and in people, can you just give maybe a little bit more color? Specifically obviously wages, bonus comp; anything beyond that, Pam? 
 Pam Craig:  Sure, George. Well first of all, we're halfway through the year. There's a lot of runway ahead of us. As you've probably calculated, we're at 12.3% year-to-date and we certainly expect to deliver higher margin in the second half of the year. So I think we're intentionally continuing to balance the margin expansion with the need to invest in a business that's very hot right now. 
 Stephen Rohleder: I think we could settle for any one of these things. At the end of the day, we settle for the business, the forward momentum, the growth, the profitability. We're balancing. We have incredible demand for skills in the marketplace. There's incredible demand for our people from our clients and from the outside. We're balancing a series of things, to make sure that we have the best people on the planet to drive this business forward as well as we meet or exceed whatever promises that we've made. I think on balance, we're delighted with the results and doing a pretty good job of that.  I would say there are 10 or 15 moving parts in all of this. I think as a leadership team, our job is to make those judgments as we go, and try to keep this thing heading in the right direction and playing a game that not only delivers results in the short term, but positions us for the future, as well. That's what we're trying to do. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: In terms of the use of cash and cash flow, I think we'll continue to see ongoing share repurchases. But if you could maybe give some thoughts going forward in terms of acquisitions, where you'd be stepping up a little bit more? What do you think would be particularly interesting? Or what would you be focused on in terms of vertical skills, geographies, et cetera? 
 Pam Craig:  Well, we look at a lot of things and we will continue to, but we're sticking with our strategy of tactical tuck-ins and we haven't wavered from that. I think in terms of the share repurchases, on a normal course, you can expect those to be in the billion-dollar range. 
 George Price - Stifel Nicolaus: Where are we in terms of headcount in India? And then targets going forward by the end of the fiscal year? 
 Bill Green:  I think I mentioned that we were in the mid-50s, in terms of total numbers. I think we were at 35,000 or targeting 35,000 by the end of the fiscal year. You know, the growth just continues, George, to expand there now with the management consulting expansion. We're just going to see more substantive growth there. So we're still on-target to hit the end of the fiscal year number that we've been throwing around. 
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Andrew Steinerman, Bear Stearns 
 Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: It's great that the business is strong enough that it would continue to accrue a bonus. Pam, I just wanted to make sure I understood your point on that well. If it wasn't for the accrued bonus that we put into the February quarter, it sounds like gross margins would have been up year over year. In other words, we're on a very healthy gross-margin trend, here. 
 Pam Craig:  Yes. The real margins were very strong. 
 Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns:  Okay. And you would expect more of the same going forward, right? 
 Pam Craig:  Yes. 
Operator:  The next question will be from the line of Ed Caso - Wachovia. 
 Ed Caso - Wachovia Securities: I was wondering if you'd talk a little bit about the US federal government market. I don't think I've heard much from there. What are you seeing? Are you continuing to focus resources there? Or maybe are you redirecting people, given how strong other areas are? 
 Bill Green: We are focusing on the US federal business, specifically in the systems integration area and just this year, a renewed focus on the management consulting area. You may have seen a couple of wins that we've had, one with the Navy. I think that's evidence that we are still successful in the market. We're going to continue to pursue the right kinds of projects for our business.  That said, I think that everyone is experiencing a bit of a slowdown because of the continuing resolution but it's not going to halt our focus on that area and we're continuing to go after it. 
 Ed Caso - Wachovia Securities:  Can you talk a little bit about Texas? I think in the past, there was Florida and NHS. There seem to be special challenges with State or State-like entities sort of shifting priorities, and getting contracts lined up. Are there some lessons learned? Or are they just forever going to be difficult, occasional blow-up kind of spaces? 
 Bill Green:  Well, I won't characterize the whole market segment. But I will tell you what we're doing. At the beginning of the fiscal year, we focused our efforts on specific states where we feel the market is there. The states are in a position, basically, to undertake transformational work. That's where we're going to focus our efforts. That's where we're going to focus our business development and that's where we're going to focus our people. I don't want to comment on the overall market or the characteristics of the states.  Are there lessons learned? Darn right there are. I think importantly, we recognize the brand of Accenture and our financial performance is precious and important. We're going to make choices about the nature of what we do that supports and defends and enhances our brand and our financial performance. We're going to do that in the best interest of our shareholders, and the men and women who come to work here everyday. 
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of Brandt Sakakeeny from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
 Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Bank: A question on some color around the bookings number. In the outsourcing segment, can you just give us a little more color? Are you seeing particular strength on the HR side or in accounting and finance? And then maybe on the consulting side, can you just again give us a little more color on where the strength is both geographically and also by vertical? Also too if there's been any mix between sole-sourced and RFP work? 
 Bill Green:  Yes, Brandt. Just on your first question of outsourcing versus consulting, the trends that we're seeing in outsourcing if I had to pick two I would say strong bookings in application outsourcing, strong bookings in the BPO area specifically in HR and finance. That trend has been there for a quarter or two but we're continuing to see that drive the bookings growth.  On the consulting side, the story is really systems integration with a good healthy mix of management consulting and technology consulting. But it's clear that clients are going through application rationalization and legacy-renewal projects which is driving our systems integration business, specifically in the packaged software area. 
 Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Bank: Steve, any switch between RFP and sole-source work? Is that still staying sort of two-thirds, one-third? 
 Stephen Rohleder: I think it's about the same. I wouldn't suggest there's been any change from the past. 
Operator:  Next question is from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Did I hear it correctly that the transition costs for NHS came in below plan in the quarter? And if so, could you quantify this? 
 Pam Craig:  They were below our maximum, and no I will not quantify it. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Can you remind us of how much in the way of NHS-related losses were actually recognized on the P&L in fiscal '06? I'm just trying to isolate the easier comparison for the balance of '07. 
 Pam Craig:  I'm not going to trust my memory on that, Tien-tsin so we'll get you that. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Does your guidance include the expected effects of the discounted SCHR tender? 
 Pam Craig:  We had some of that in there and we'll update you once the transaction's completed. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: So you have some assumption in there, but it sounds like it's modest. 
 Pam Craig:  Yes. 
 Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Lastly, on utilization which has been trending, I guess, at record levels. How sustainable is this quarter's utilization? Are we at or near peak utilization? I'm curious to hear how you're addressing the management of utilization. 
 Bill Green:  Well, frankly, every quarter that goes by, we ask ourselves the same thing. Now we have gotten our staffing process very finely tuned. How we leverage and move people around the world is one of the core competencies of Accenture. So it's important. I think that the opportunity we have now continues to be more selective. There was a question earlier about pricing. We think that this situation gives us opportunities to be more selective, and take some steps to improve the pricing and the economic return that we get from the work. So that's really where we're focused. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Elizabeth Buckley -Arete Research. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: What was your staff attrition and your management consulting workforce relative to your group attrition level? 
 Stephen Rohleder: We don't separate out the attrition. We look at it in the aggregate. So we've not disclosed a separate number just for that component of our business. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research:  But should we assume a slightly higher rate for the management consulting part? 
 Stephen Rohleder:  I wouldn't assume anything. I would just clarify that a little bit. We've mentioned over the last quarter or so this re-energizing of our management consulting business. I think that has created a buzz in this place that is remarkable. I think people want to be part of it. As a result, we have had a lot of people that may have otherwise historically chosen to move on, or look at a client opportunity, that are continuing to stay the course to be part of what we're trying to do here. So we feel pretty good about where consulting is sitting right now. But it's a very insightful question. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: On the management-consulting ramp that you mentioned, Bill, a few weeks ago, would you expect that to mirror your current on-shore GDN head count ratio or would it be biased more in favor of on-shore recruitment? 
 Bill Green:  I guess I never thought of it in those terms. I sort of think of it in terms of where are the hot areas, where is the capability we need. There will be an element of those that will be leveraging offshore talent. There will be a very large element of those that'll be out facing clients every day. That's sort of the tip of the spear that consulting provides to us and that's what we're trying to really get done. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research:  The reason why I asked that an is because clearly the doubling if that's your ambition over a three -year period of the management consulting business, that's clearly higher than your revenue guidance this year. Just looking at the trends for the different verticals, can you comment on the demand trends that you're seeing and the sources of visibility to substantiate such an increase over an extended timeframe? 
 Stephen Rohleder: I'll give you sort of a high-level pass through it. I think first of all it's about what are you responding to? Second is, what kind of company are you trying to be and how are you going to differentiate or compete in the marketplace?  So we have two things going on here right now. You can see by the consulting bookings that that element of the business has some momentum so we need arms and legs and brainpower in order to serve the clients we have there.  Maybe more importantly is the opportunity to differentiate. That is, if you look at the full set of services Accenture provides to clients through consulting, technology and outsourcing, that consulting part of our business, there's a lot of opportunities to attract new clients to the firm by expanding the nature of our work, and having better penetration in geographies around the world. We believe we have tremendous consulting headroom in every country in which we operate. That's what the expansion is meant to be about.  Now we're going to do it thoughtfully. We're going to do it smart. And right now, we're already behind. In fact, if we had thousands more consulting resources, we could put them to work today. So in my mind, it's about setting a mission. It's about defining where we're trying to get and it's about driving the business in that direction. At the end of the day, we want three growth platforms that all have the same amount of juice behind them driving the business on a global basis. 
Elizabeth Buckley - Arete Research: Thank you. 
 Bill Green: Let me just wrap up here quickly. In closing, I just wanted to say a couple of things. We had a great quarter, and we're moving into the second half of the year with enthusiasm and with confidence. We're focused on advancing our growth agenda and further expanding our capabilities globally which will enable us to continue to deliver superior value to our clients, and in turn, to our shareholders.  I want to remind you that Pam, Steve and I as well as our broader leadership team, as always, are available and happy to talk to you. You can just call Richard to make any arrangements. Thank you for joining us today on the call. Thanks for your continued support of Accenture. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-12-20 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Richard Clarke - Managing Director of IR   Bill Green - Chairman and CEO   Pam Craig - CFO   Steve Rohleder - COO 
Analysts: Adam Frisch - UBS   Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs   Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein   Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns   Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan   Bryan Keane - Prudential 
Operator: Ladies and gentleman thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instruction). As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, [Mr. Richard Clarke], Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Richard Clarke: Thank you operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I'm Richard Clarke, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pam Craig, our Chief Financial Officer and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.  Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet. Steve will add some operational prospective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and for the full fiscal year 2007. And Bill will close the presentation before we could take questions.  As a reminder, when we discuss revenues today during our call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. It could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.  During our call today, we may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. And you can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the investor relations page of our website at accenture.com.  So now, let me turn the call over to Bill. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Bill Green: Thanks Richard. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. As you've seen, we've had an outstanding quarter, we are off to a terrific start to our new fiscal year and we are absolutely delighted with the growing momentum in our business. Pam and Steve will provide the details on their respective areas in a moment. But here are some highlights.  First, we achieved the highest revenues of any quarter in our history with record revenues in each of our operating groups and geographic regions. Consulting and outsourcing revenues were each at their highest in any quarter with double digit increases in both types of work. Next, we significantly increased operating income, we expanded operating margin 50 basis points, and we operated with SG&A costs at 17.2% of net revenues. We grew EPS by 28%. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong. And importantly for the future, new bookings were 5.5 billion and included a record high 3 billion in consulting, demonstrating the tremendous momentum we continue to see in this part of our business.  At the same time we continue to grow headcount, attrition remains stable and utilization in the first quarter was our highest ever, well above 80%. Our first quarter results are further evidence of the strength of Accenture's business, our broad based growth, our business leverage and our confidence in fiscal 2007 and its outlook.  With that let me pass it over to Pam, who will provide more detail on our financial performance in the quarter. 
Pam Craig: Thank you, Bill. Happy holidays to you all and thanks for listening today. I am pleased to tell you more about our outstanding results in the first quarter of fiscal 2007. Our quarterly revenues hit a record, our earnings were strong and our bookings were in line with our outlook. In short, the fundamentals and momentum in our business continue to be very robust. Let me take your through some detail behind the numbers in our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow.  Net revenues for the first quarter were $4.75 billion, an all time quarterly record. Net revenues increased 14% in US dollars and 11% in local currency over the first quarter of last year. Our net revenues in the first quarter exceeded our previous outlook by approximately $100 million, primarily due to higher demand for consulting services and a higher than expected foreign exchange lift. Consulting revenues were a record $2.91 billion, an increase of 13% in US dollars and 10% in local currency. Outsourcing revenues were $1.84 billion, an increase of 16% in US dollars and 13% in local currency.  Moving down the income statement, gross margin was 30.1% compared to 31.7% for the same period last year. SG&A costs for the first quarter were $817 million or 17.2% of net revenues compared with $802 million or 19.2% of net revenues for the first quarter last year. GAAP operating income for the quarter was $610 million, reflecting 12.8% operating margin. This compares to $513 million or 12.3% operating margin in the same period last year for an increase of 50 basis points. There are several key factors that are reflected here. First, we did a very good job, covering our salary increases that went in to effect at the beginning of the fiscal year with corresponding price increases. Second, given stronger than expected demand our utilization was higher than planned which was then partially reflected in lower payroll in SG&A. Third, the strong results also allowed us to accrue a substantial amount of annual bonus.  As a reminder we run our business day-to-day to operating income and operating margin expanded by 50 basis points year-over-year. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 36.7%. GAAP income before minority interest for the quarter was $406 million compared with $328 million for the first quarter last year, an increase of 24%. GAAP diluted EPS were $0.46, an increase or 28% over GAAP diluted EPS of $0.36 in the first quarter last year. Now let’s turn to some key parts of our cash flow and balance sheet. Free cash flow for the quarter was $99 million resulting from operating cash flow of $166 million, less property and equipment additions of $67 million.  Our days services outstanding or DSO’s were 40 days. This represented a decrease of seven days from the first quarter last year. Our total cash balance at November 30 was $2.44 billion compared with $3.07 billion at August 31. Cash combined with $407 million of fixed income securities classified as investments on our balance sheet with $2.84 billion at November 30th compared with $3.53 billion at August 31. Total debt in November 30th was $32 million compared with $52 million at August 31.  Our balance sheet metrics remains strong. For the first quarter our return on invested capital was 64%, our return on equity with 71%, and return on asset was 17%.  Before I turn things over to Steve I will comment on share repurchases and dividend activity. In the first quarter we repurchase or redeemed 24.4 million shares for the total of approximately $724 million. This included the repurchases or redemption of 9.5 million shares at a discount and the repurchases of redemption of 14.9 million other shares at the market. The average price of shares repurchases and redeemed in the quarter was $29.62 of share. As of November 30 we have $1.4 billion of share repurchases authority remain. Also last month we paid our second annual cash dividend to Accenture limited classy and Accenture SCA Class I common shareholders. The dividend payment of $0.35 per share with $0.05 more than the dividend we paid last year.  From time-to-time we get question about the size of our public flow. Using what we believe to be the most conservative method of calculation our public flow at the end of the quarter with approximately 61% which excludes all founder shares. On and on it was a great quarter any way you look at it and were extremely proud of our result. Now Steven will give you some more detail on our operations. 
Steve Rohleder: Thank you, Pam. Let me just take a few minutes to provide some inside in to our operational highlights along the three dimensions of our business, our operating groups, growth platforms and geographies. I'll also touch on several key operational metrics, important to understanding our strong business performance this quarter. First we are delighted that three out of our five operating groups Financial Services, Products and Resources delivered outstanding double digit revenue growth. For the third consecutive quarter our Financial Services team delivered strong results with revenue growth of 25% in US dollars and 21% in local currency. Financial Services also reached $1billion in revenue for the first time and delivered a solid bottom line. We saw strength globally in our Banking and Insurance industries, with business consulting in high demand, especially in CRM and Post-merger Integration.  Financial Services is also seeing strong demand for Systems Integration and BPO dominates the outsourcing space with solid activity in procurement, Human Resources, finance and accounting and learning. The Products operating group delivered revenue growth of 17% in US dollars and 14% in local currency. We see strong demand for consulting primarily in ERP, Global supply chain and CRM. Human Resources and Procurement BPO were key to our outsourcing growth in products and it's also worth noting that products led the five operating groups in bottom line profitability.  Resources also delivered revenue growth of 17% in US dollars and 14% in local currency, with both energy and utilities making strong contributions to our growth in Q1. I also want to point out that globally seven of our top ten countries delivered double digit growth in local currency.  Moving to our growth platforms, in business consulting we are seeing very strong growth in two areas. First, the large number of companies across all industries and geographies are pursuing enterprise wide transformation programs, which is driving significant demand for business consulting. Second, globalization is also driving demand as major multi-national organizations look to enter new markets and get closer to their customers. In Systems Integration and Technology, we saw significant activity this quarter as our global delivery network continued its steady pace of growth. With strong demand for our global delivery capabilities, we increased the headcount of our Global Delivery Network by 11% reaching 53,300 people at the end of Q1, including 23,600 in India. In total, we now have more than 25,500 people in India and we recently opened an Accenture Technology Lab in Bangalore.  Finally, we are delighted to have been recognized as the worldwide leader in Systems Integration Services by a top industry analyst.  Solid demand in outsourcing continues and we are pleased with the deals we are seeing in the market. We see significant activity in BPO, especially in the multi tower space where our offerings clearly differentiate us from our competitors. Application Outsourcing continues to be very active and we are seeing a big growth opportunity in the deals, in the $50 million to $100 million range.  In government, revenues grew 5% in US dollars and 4% in local currency driven by strong consulting revenue. Operating income decreased due to an asset write down associated with an outsourcing contract and in Communications and High-Tech, revenue growth of 5% in US dollars and 2% in local currency represents the highest US dollar growth in the past four quarters. However, operating income was affected by an increase in sales cost, driven by a strong pipeline of opportunities.  Before we leave the Operating groups, let me comment briefly on the transition of the NHS contracts. Things are proceeding according to the plan with the final transition date in early January. We continue to expect the contract losses in connection with the transition in (inaudible) will be consistent with what we told you last quarter with most of the losses being recorded in the second quarter.  In terms of our geographies I’m pleased that all three geographic regions achieved record high quarterly revenues. Asia Pacific led the way with 19% revenue growth in both US dollars and local currency driven by strong results in both Japan and Australia. The Americas grew by 13% in US dollars and 12% in local currency led by the US, Canada, and Brazil. This represents a very strong year-over-year increase of $235 million in net revenue.  Our Europe, Middle East and Africa or EMEA region also turned in strong results delivering growth of 15% in US dollars and 9% in local currency, its highest local currency growth in the last six quarters. We continue to pursue a proactive growth program with special emphasis on the UK market.  Before closing let me touch on a few key operational metrics that are important to understand our business. With respect to pricing, the actions we've taken allowed us to fully absorb our compensation increases. We also see the opportunity to improve pricing in business consulting and technology consulting as well as some evidence of upward price movement in certain areas of the Systems Integration space.  Turning quickly to our people. At the end of Q1, we had approximately 146,000 employees, an increase of 15% over Q1 last year and we continue to recruit aggressively. Attrition was approximately 19% which is consistent with the first quarter last year. Utilization was approximately 86% which represents the 15th consecutive quarter of utilization at/above 80%. I just say again how pleased I am, with our strong top line growth in bottom line profitability, and now let me turn it back to Pam for our business outlook. 
Pam Craig: Thank you, Steve. As a reminder, each quarter we provide an update on our annual outlook for the full fiscal year. We also provide outlook for the next quarter for revenues, but not for earnings per share. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be in the range of $4.6 billion to $4.8 billion. Now let's turn to the full fiscal year. We continue to target new booking in the range of $22 billion to $24 billion. We continue to expect our revenue growth to be in the range of 9% to 12% in local currency. Given our strong performance in the first quarter and our projections for the rest of the year, we have increased our outlook for EPS for the year by $0.03 to a range of $1.80 to $1.85.  We continue to expect operating margin for the full year to be in the range of 12.6% to 13.1%. Given the seasonality of our business you should continue to expect some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. Related to cash flow, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be in the range of $1.95 billion to $2.15 billion. Property and equipment additions to be $335 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. To complete the annual outlook for fiscal 2007, we continue to expect our annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% to 37%.  In summary, our first quarter results reflect those of a healthy, robust business which clearly demonstrated momentum for continued growth and profitability. We have a portfolio that is broad based across industries, across the different types of work we do and across all the geographies where we do business. We remain confident that we will continue to maintain and expand our strengths in the market that we serve. So, here is Bill to close before we take your questions. 
Bill Green: Thank you, Pam, and before we would open it up for questions, let me just summarize quickly. We delivered exceptionally strong results in the first quarter, demonstrating both growth and leverage. We continue to see strong demand for all of our services, with particular momentum in Consulting, where we have been able to built capabilities that are truly second to none. One of the keys to differentiation is specialization. Across the board, we have the scale, the breadth, the depth to specialize and to further differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. And lastly another key to differentiation is superior execution and our Global Delivery Network truly continues to set us apart.  Our first quarter results illustrate how we continue to build on our unique leadership position. So with that, now let's take some questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our question comes from the line of Adam Frisch, with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks, nice quarter guys and Pam if my math is correct, you are one for one, so don’t let Bill take all the credit here. 
Pam Craig: Adam. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Hello. 
Pam Craig: Thanks Adam. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: You guys here me okay? 
Bill Green: Yes. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. On the gross margin line, Pam, lower than we were expecting but the operating margin is slightly higher. Want to get a feel for how you're mapping the numbers? Your cogs are up, I am assuming because you took more of the annual accrual in the quarter, kind of like take a while you can while the quarter was good. But you are running the company for the operating line to show that year-over-year improvement, is that the right way to think about that? 
Pam Craig: That's the right way to think about it Adam and it is hard to understand it first. We've analyzed this fully and I'll just go through it again in a little more detail. Cost of services is largely payroll, so the first thing that we looked at in gross margin was to make sure that we fully absorbed our salary increases that went into effect on September 1. And we did this very well, so at a raw level gross margin was very good. The next thing to think about here is utilization. As you have heard, our utilization was very high and thus we saw a higher payroll in cost of services and lower payroll in SG&A. And then if you mentioned strong result also allowed us to accrue a good amount of annual bonus and the annual bonus follows payroll went into books, so it substantially went to cost of services. So, as you said, day-to-day we drive the business to operating income at the bottom line and we did at the expansion in operating margin. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, I don’t think people have a problem that given the upside in EPS and the buybacks and dividend, so good explanation there. Turning to revenue for a minute, our second half revenue growth was greater than the first half largely because you had much easier comps in the second half. But the strong first quarter and strong outlook for the second quarter offers two possibilities about the back half. One, there is going to be a follow-up which is kind of hard to believe because of the booking strengths or two, you're being conservative. So, being kind of new in your seat, which one should we take there? 
Pam Craig: Well, I think one thing that you should think about here Adam is FX, because FX is coming in higher than we had projected and so that is having an impact next quarter in terms of the guidance that were given for revenues. The consulting demand is also very strong right now, so that’s also reflected in there. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: How much do think FX is added in the quarter? 
Pam Craig: This past quarter? 
Adam Frisch - UBS: In terms of percentage of the growth? 
Pam Craig: About 3%, for the quarter that we just had. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, and that was what versus budget? 
Pam Craig: It was a probably a point or more above what we had, we had about -- 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay so netted added a point basically. 
Pam Craig: Yes, at least. May be a point and half. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, okay, I think that’s it nice quarter. 
Pam Craig: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. Real quickly on the -- if actually Steve, can you just go back through the comment about the asset write-down in the Government Services, I just went back through the old transcripts and haven't seen that before, I just want to make sure I understood what that was all about? 
Steve Rohleder: Yes, we are not going to disclose the specific client. The only think I can tell you that Julio, on a quarterly basis we review each one of the long term assets on each one of our contracts to ensure that we have got, we can recover their value and if we need to, we take a write-down, but we are not going to disclose the individual account. That’s exactly what happened this quarter. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that was, -- I just wanted to confirm that it was a new disclosure though? 
Steve Rohleder: Yes. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay got it, and then for Bill, as we have been looking at the consumer, sorry the CEO Confidence Data that had come out recently by one of the firms that publishes that information, I just wanted to correlate that back to your sort of view about the demand environment and how things are going in your discussions as we go into 2007. There's a lot of puts and takes about expectations for the demand environment, and clearly it sounds like you guys have good time by just wanted to kind of get your feel as it relates to sort of CEO confidence in the beginning of the year. 
Bill Green: I think, I spend two days of the business round table, so, for the US component of our business, people are pretty bullish. I think its interesting that CEO's have learned to deal with an environment that’s a little more uncertain than they were used to dealing within the past. So, as we have changes in certain governments statistics, changes in interest rates, changes in energy prices and all that, people have learned to sort of roll with the punches and recognize as they got to invest in their business for the long haul, and I think when we look at the activity in the market, when we look at the pipeline and when I frankly meet with dozens of CEO’s of our clients in prospects; people feel good about their businesses and they believe they need to invest in order to compete for the long haul. So, I still feel good about everything we see outside. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Good, and just finally just as a follow-on to that Bill, the relevance of large deals, can you just sort of walk us through your thinking on that. Because clearly we sort to get caught upon the fact that there aren’t as many large deals as there used to be. But, this isn’t showing up in your numbers, you guys are still kind of knocking the cover of the ball. Can you just kind of, just make sure we understand what the relevance of that is, it doesn’t seem like much at this point? 
Bill Green: No, it isn’t. I think we have moved along as a business. It used to be that people all stood around waiting to see if the large deal was going to close, when that was going to close and tracked it, life expectancy from birth to death. I think importantly now as there is a lot more stability in the market, because all those mid sized and the smaller deals just give you a lot more durability, a lot more stability and when you do get the big deals, they sort to come on top of your existing book-of-business. So, we have got our company right now sort of engineered to operate growth trajectory that includes the portfolio of business that's out there, and from time-to-time one of these large wins will come along and it'll only sweeten the pot, frankly. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks guys. Thanks for the stock and stuff here. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein, please go ahead. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Hi there, Rod Bourgeois here. Listen, the gross margin dropped 1.6 percentage points year-over-year, clearly the bonus was a piece of that and I'm assuming the contract write-down might have been a piece of that. Is there a way to mention what portion of the 1.6 came from bonus versus contract write-down versus something else? 
Pam Craig: Well Rob this is Pam. As I mentioned the -- what we look at is in terms of our raw growth margin, which is before you get the bonus, that was actually very good. And so it is largely bonus. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay and then the SG&A was huge savings there, at 200 basis points year-over-year. Is there any lumpiness to that improvement or is that sort of a run rate that can be sustained. I assume that that's going to be a tough run rate of year-over-year improvement to sustain. So can you talk about how that SG&A savings might play out over the course of the year? 
Pam Craig: Yes, I mean that was clearly better than we had targeted. As you know, we've been on a journey to reduce SG&A year-on-year or several years now. That run rate is better than we were targeting for this year, so I think that your point about lumpiness can be expected. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay great, and then the consulting bookings group, you had a tough comparison, but you still did 8% year-over-year growth, looks pretty impressive. Can you talk about where the consulting booking strength came from? Is it pretty balanced across business consulting versus Systems Integration, or was there a certain spot within consulting that was particularly strong. 
Steve Rohleder: Yes, Rod this is Steve. I think its focused in the Systems Integration area but with healthy growth in Business Consulting as well, and if you looked at it geographically, I would say that we had a heavier focus in EMEA than in the US or Asia Pacific. Still strong in the Americas but EMEA really carry a lot of the growth there. If you looked at the OG breakdown, you did look at resources and financial services both bringing on some real strong consulting growth, primarily in Systems Integration with some Business Consulting, so. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay, and one other question. You mentioned the salary increase has been given and that you are offsetting that essentially with price increase. Last year you kind of indicated that the price increase exactly offset the salary increase. Can you give the numbers, I mean was it a 6% salary increase this year consistent with last year, can you quantify that a little bit? 
Steve Rohleder: This is Steve again. In '07 our average compensation increase was about 8% and that translated into rough average compensation cost increase of 3% to 4%. So, it's slightly up over '06. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay, so, what that means is that pricing is up around may be 3% to offset that? 
Steve Rohleder: At least 3% to 4%. 
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein: Okay alright, got it. Thank you guys very much? 
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line Andrew Steinerman with Bear Stearns. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Hi, it's Andrew. When talking about the NHS transition cost, which I think you said was $125 million over two quarters and quite the majority of it being is second quarter. Which line do we find those NHS charges, and is that a cost of goods sold and how much of that was absorbed in the quarter. 
Pam Craig: Yes, Andrew, it is in cost of services and won’t give an amount to what was in the quarter, but you can expect that the bulk of the 125 million will flow in the second quarter. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: And the same comment about the payment which I think that was a cash payment of a $120 million, is that next quarter or was that already this quarter. 
Pam Craig: That’s schedule for next quarter. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Got it, and share count, given them out to share count redeemed or bought back, just want to check out did it comeback more, but I know there is a lot of puts and takes to that, just based on what you already disclosed, what would be a good share count going forward? 
Pam Craig: It will come down slightly this year. 
Andrew Steinerman - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang, with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, nice quarter. I had a follow-up question on the share count, actually on share repurchases in general. Given the under subscribed tender, how are you thinking about share repurchase. Is there a greater advertise for open market repurchases or may be another tender. 
Pam Craig: Well, I think all the options they are open to us at this point since and that is -- we are going to be continuing with our normal repurchases from senior executives and we will also be considering what to do with possible further discounted transactions as well as the open market. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so will stay tuned for that. Then on I guess on free cash flow which was quite healthy this quarter. You kept your guidance on free cash the same despite raising your EPS forecast, what is driving the delta there? 
Pam Craig: Well, we looked at if of course and although we see a slight up tick in cash flow, we were still within the range that we guided to, so we stuck to it. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly a piece on the Global Delivery Network, how was this performing versus plan and could you give us some sense of revenue growth out of the global delivery network? 
Bill Green: Well we don’t break out the revenue growth specifically for the GDN (inaudible) but I will you that we are -- even in the first quarter we are well in advance of our recruiting plans and in fact we've increased our overall target for growth for the year because of demand and not only in India but in the Philippines, Eastern Europe, and in South America, so. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you, nice job. Happy holidays. 
Richard Clarke: Thanks. Operator we'll take one more question. 
Operator: Very well. And our final question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Prudential. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Yes hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of clarifications. First, Pam, the 24.4 million shares repurchased, I guess helped me out to understand why that this thing go down more. What are the puts that make it kind of stay more stable? 
Pam Craig: You mean for the year? 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Or just for the quarter. 
Pam Craig: Alright give me a second here. We were -- our fully diluted at the end of the quarter was 875, right? 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Yeah. 
Pam Craig: We had 881 at the end of Q4 that's what you're looking at. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Right so the 24 million, I guess unless you purchase them all the at the end of the quarter. I would assume that I know the number doesn’t go all the way down but I’m just trying to understand, make sure understand why it doesn’t go down? 
Pam Craig: Because most of these repurchases were later in the quarter so as you know when you do that waiting right it doesn’t necessarily impact Q1 as much as it will Q2. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Okay so Q2 will see a substantial drop in share count? 
Pam Craig: You will se a drop. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Okay. And then on the SG&A, obviously that number was lowered than a lot of us expected. I guess what exactly is going on there and why isn't that, why aren't you able to carry that forward in the future quarters? 
Pam Craig: Well, I think that there is some good G&A efficiency in there and we are very pleased with that. I think when it comes to the payroll, given that utilization was so high, there was less payroll in SG&A than we expected, and so that’s why we think there will be some lumpiness in the SG&A going forward. I mean we are obviously expecting it to come down as we plan to do year-on-year. But it did come in lower this quarter than we expected. 
Steve Rohleder: Bryan this is Steve, I would just add to Pam's point, in the GNA point we are spot on. On the sales piece, I can see us having increasing sales cost moving into the next two quarters specifically to drive the bookings numbers. So, that why I think Pam is saying what she is saying in terms of the lumpiness there. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Okay and then just finally Steve, the big -- or the asset write down in Government, I guess did you disclose how big that was and then secondly did that linger on as we go forward into the quarters, is that kind of a one and done type thing? 
Steve Rohleder: No, we didn't disclose the amount and no there's no lingering amount. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Okay so its, we won't have a recurring issue with that contract. 
Steve Rohleder: Correct. 
Pam Craig: No. 
Bryan Keane - Prudential: Okay great. Well thanks a lot and congratulations on a great quarter. 
Steve Rohleder: Thanks. 
Bill Green: Okay let me just wrap up here in quick closing, I just want to say a couple of things. First of all we are obviously very pleased with our performance in the quarter. It’s a terrific way to start and kick off the new fiscal year and we are moving into the rest of the year with a great deal of confidence. We remain intensely focused on our growth agenda, capitalizing on opportunities for growth and capturing market share in the major geographies around the world. We are fortunate to have the world's most successful enterprises as our clients, helping them achieve high performance and providing them with huge value for money allows us to grow a predictable, a durable and profitable business. And lastly, we are even more fortunate to have the best people in the business who are responsible for producing these results. But, thank you very much for joining us today and thanks for your continued support of Accenture. 
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this conference will be available for replay after 9:45 pm today through January 3rd at mid night. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 18004756701 and entering the access code of 852452. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 852-452. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
